<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>a2107017z10-k.txt
<DESCRIPTION>10-K
<TEXT>
<Page>

================================================================================

                                  UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                                   ----------

                                    FORM 10-K

                  ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)
                     OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

                                   ----------

       For the year ended: December 31, 2002 Commission File No.: 0-25581

                           priceline.com Incorporated
             (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)

                   DELAWARE                                      06-1528493
(State or other Jurisdiction of Incorporation)                (I.R.S. Employer
                                                             Identification No.)

            800 CONNECTICUT AVENUE
             NORWALK, CONNECTICUT                                    06854
   (Address of Principal Executive Offices)                       (Zip Code)

       Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (203) 299-8000

                                   ----------

           Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
                                      None

           Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:
                    Common Stock, par value $0.008 per share

                                   ----------

          Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all
reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes /X/ No / /

          Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to
Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any
amendment to this Form 10-K. /X/

          Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an accelerated filer
(as defined in Exchange Act Rule 12b-2). Yes /X/ No / /

          The aggregate market value of common stock held by non-affiliates of
priceline.com as of June 28, 2002 was approximately $339 million based upon
the closing price reported for such date on the Nasdaq National Market. For
purposes of this disclosure, shares of common stock held by persons who are
known by priceline.com to own more than 5% of the outstanding shares of common
stock on June 28, 2002 and shares held by executive officers and directors of
priceline.com on June 28, 2002 have been excluded because such persons may be
deemed to be affiliates of priceline.com. This determination of affiliate status
is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes.

The number of outstanding shares of priceline.com's common stock was 224,968,699
as of March 26, 2003.

================================================================================

<Page>

                       DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

          The information required by Part III of this Annual Report on Form
10-K, to the extent not set forth in this Form 10-K, is incorporated herein by
reference from priceline.com's definitive proxy statement relating to the annual
meeting of stockholders to be held on May 22, 2003, to be filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of
priceline.com's fiscal year ended December 31, 2002.

priceline.com Incorporated Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Year Ended
December 31, 2002 Index

<Table>
<S>       <C>
PART I
Item 1.   Business......................................................................................... 1
Item 2.   Properties.......................................................................................22
Item 3.   Legal Proceedings................................................................................22
Item 4.   Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders..............................................25

PART II
Item 5.   Market for the Registrant's Common Stock and Related Stockholder Matters.........................26
Item 6.   Selected Financial Data..........................................................................27
Item 7.   Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations............29
Item 7A.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.......................................56
Item 8.   Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.........................................57
Item 9.   Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.............57

PART III
Item 10.  Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant...............................................58
Item 11.  Executive Compensation...........................................................................58
Item 12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters...58
Item 13.  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions...................................................58
Item 14.  Controls and Procedures..........................................................................58

PART IV
Item 15.  Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules and Reports on Form 8-K..................................58
Signatures ................................................................................................63
Certifications.............................................................................................65
Consolidated Financial Statements..........................................................................67
</Table>

<Page>

          THIS ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K AND THE DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED HEREIN
BY REFERENCE CONTAIN FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS. THESE FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS ARE NOT GUARANTEES OF FUTURE PERFORMANCE AND ARE SUBJECT TO CERTAIN
RISKS, UNCERTAINTIES AND ASSUMPTIONS THAT ARE DIFFICULT TO PREDICT; THEREFORE,
ACTUAL RESULTS MAY DIFFER MATERIALLY FROM THOSE EXPRESSED, IMPLIED OR FORECASTED
IN ANY SUCH FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS.

          Expressions of future goals and expectations similar expressions
including, without limitation, "may," "will," "should," "could," "expects,"
"does not currently expect," "plans," "anticipates," "intends," "believes,"
"estimates," "predicts," "potential," "targets" or "continue," reflecting
something other than historical fact are intended to identify forward-looking
statements. The following factors, among others, could cause our actual results
to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements:
adverse changes in general market conditions for leisure and other travel
products as the result of, among other things, terrorist attacks or war; adverse
changes in our relationships with airlines, hotels and other product and service
providers including, without limitation, the withdrawal of suppliers from the
priceline.com system, the bankruptcy or insolvency of a major domestic airline;
the effects of increased competition; systems-related failures and/or security
breaches; our ability to protect our intellectual property rights; losses by us
and our licensees; any adverse impact from negative publicity and negative
customer reaction to such publicity; legal and regulatory risks and the ability
to attract and retain qualified personnel. These factors and others are
described in more detail below in the section entitled "Factors That May Affect
Future Results." Unless required by law, we undertake no obligation to update
publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information,
future events or otherwise. However, readers should carefully review the reports
and documents we file from time to time with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, particularly the Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and any Current
Reports on Form 8-K.

                                     PART I

ITEM 1. BUSINESS

GENERAL

          Priceline.com Incorporated ("priceline.com," the "Company," "we," "us"
or "our") has pioneered a unique e-commerce pricing system known as a "demand
collection system" that enables consumers to use the Internet to save money on
products and services while enabling sellers to generate incremental revenue.
Using a simple and compelling consumer proposition - NAME YOUR OWN PRICE(R) --
we collect consumer demand, in the form of individual customer offers, for a
particular product or service at a price set by the customer. We then access
databases or, in some instances, communicate that demand to participating
sellers to determine whether we can fulfill the customer's offer. For most of
these transactions, we establish the price we will accept, have total discretion
in supplier selection, purchase and take title to the particular product and are
the merchant of record. Consumers agree to hold their offers open for a
specified period of time and, once fulfilled, offers generally cannot be
canceled. We benefit consumers by enabling them to save money, while at the same
time benefiting sellers by providing them with an effective revenue management
tool capable of identifying and capturing incremental revenues. By requiring
consumers to be flexible with respect to brands, sellers and product features,
we enable sellers to generate incremental revenue without disrupting their
existing distribution channels or retail pricing structures.

          Our business model and brand are currently, through us or independent
licensees, supporting several products and service offerings, including the
following:

          -    leisure airline tickets, provided by 9 domestic and 26
               international airline participants, and travel insurance;

<Page>

          -    hotel rooms, in substantially all major United States markets
               with more than 50 national hotel chains, and in a limited number
               of markets outside the United States;

          -    rental cars, in substantially all major United States airport
               markets with 5 leading rental car chains as participants;

          -    home financing services, in substantially all major United States
               markets, which includes home mortgage services, home equity loans
               and refinancing services;

          -    fixed-price cruises and cruise packages, through a third party
               agent representing major cruise lines; and

          -    vacation packages, in many United States and certain
               international markets.

          For the year ended December 31, 2002, we had revenues of approximately
$1.0 billion. Revenues for the year ended December 31, 2002 consisted primarily
of: (1) travel revenue and (2) other revenue. Travel revenue, which represented
substantially all of our total revenue in 2002, consisted primarily of: (1)
transaction revenues representing the selling price of airline tickets, hotel
rooms and rental cars; (2) ancillary fees, including Worldspan, L.P. reservation
booking fees; and (3) customer processing fees charged in connection with the
sale of our travel products. Other revenues consisted primarily of: (1)
transaction revenues and fees from our long distance phone service; (2)
commissions and fees from our home financing and automobile services; (3)
license fees from our international licensees; and (4) marketing revenues.

          Priceline.com was formed as a Delaware limited liability company in
1997 and was converted into a Delaware corporation in July 1998. Our common
stock is listed on the Nasdaq National Market under the symbol "PCLN." Our
principal executive offices are located at 800 Connecticut Avenue, Norwalk,
Connecticut 06854.

THE PRICELINE.COM BUSINESS MODEL

          We have developed a unique pricing system known as a "demand
collection system" that uses the information sharing and communications power of
the Internet to create a new way of pricing products and services. We believe we
have created a balance between the interests of buyers, who are willing to
accept trade-offs in order to save money, and sellers, who are prepared to
generate incremental revenue by selling products at below retail prices,
provided that they can do so without disrupting their existing distribution
channels or retail pricing structures. Our demand collection system allows
consumers to specify the price they are prepared to pay when submitting an offer
for a particular product or service within a specified range of
substitutability. We then access databases or, in some instances, communicate
that demand to participating sellers to determine whether we can fulfill the
customer's offer and then decide whether we want to accept the offer at the
price designated by the consumer. For most of these transactions, we establish
the price we will accept, have total discretion in supplier selection, purchase
and take title to the particular product and are the merchant of record.
Consumers agree to hold their offers open for a specified period of time to
enable us to fulfill their offers from inventory provided by participating
sellers. Once fulfilled, offers generally cannot be canceled. This system uses
the flexibility of buyers to enable sellers to accept a lower price in order to
sell excess inventory or capacity. We believe that our demand collection system
addresses limitations inherent in traditional seller-driven pricing mechanisms
in a manner that offers substantial benefits to both buyers and sellers. We
believe that the principal advantages of our system include the following:

               -    COST SAVINGS. Our NAME YOUR OWN PRICE(R) demand collection
                    system allows consumers to save money in a simple and
                    compelling way. Buyers effectively trade off flexibility

                                        2
<Page>

                    about brands, product features and/or sellers in return for
                    prices that are lower than those that can be obtained at
                    that time through traditional retail distribution channels.

               -    INCREMENTAL REVENUE FOR SELLERS. Sellers use priceline.com
                    as a revenue management tool to generate incremental revenue
                    without disrupting their existing distribution channels or
                    retail pricing structures. We require consumers to be
                    flexible with respect to brands and product features. As a
                    result, with the exception of our cruise and vacation
                    products, sellers' brands are not revealed to customers
                    prior to the consummation of a transaction, thereby
                    protecting their brand integrity. This shielding of brand
                    identity and price enables sellers to sell products and
                    services at discounted prices without cannibalizing their
                    own retail sales by publicly announcing discount prices and
                    without competing against their own distributors.

               -    PROPRIETARY SELLER NETWORKS. We have assembled proprietary
                    networks of industry leading sellers that represent high
                    quality brands. By establishing attractive networks of
                    seller participants with reputations for quality, scale and
                    national presence, we believe that we foster increased
                    participation by both buyers and sellers.

THE PRICELINE.COM STRATEGY

          Since the events of September 11, 2001, we have experienced a
decrease in the momentum of our airline ticket business due to weakened
demand for air travel and widespread discounting by the airlines. We have
adopted the following strategies designed to reinforce our value proposition
and achieve revenue growth and profitability.

     -    GROW HOTEL BUSINESS. During 2002, we sold over 4 million room nights,
          an increase of 47% over 2001, and we intend to continue to grow our
          hotel product. The initial steps in this process include a major
          television advertising campaign focused on hotels, which we launched
          in the beginning of 2003. We also intend to further develop our
          vacation packages product, through which customers can purchase hotel
          room nights and airfare for one price.

     -    DIVERSIFY REVENUE. In 2002, our wholly-owned subsidiary,
          Lowestfare.com, launched its website, which provides retail travel
          services to consumers. We intend to build customer awareness and
          bookings for Lowestfare.com throughout 2003. By entering into the
          retail travel market, we hope to supplement our opaque air sales. In
          addition, in 2002, we began offering some customers who failed to bind
          on their priceline.com offer, the opportunity to buy a retail product
          through the Lowestfare.com site. Finally, we intend to further develop
          our hotel and vacation packages products so that we are less dependant
          on the sale of airline tickets.

     -    CONVERT MORE UNBOUND CUSTOMERS. As mentioned above, we intend to offer
          customers who fail to bind after their initial offer an option to
          purchase a price disclosed product and, by so doing, we believe that
          we have an opportunity to satisfy customers who may have otherwise
          bought their travel product elsewhere.

     -    BROADEN CUSTOMER APPEAL. In addition, by implementing the measures set
          forth above, we intend to broaden our appeal to customers generally.

PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

TRAVEL SERVICES

          LEISURE AIRLINE TICKETS. There are a total of 9 domestic airlines and
26 international airlines participating in our airline ticket service. We offer
a NAME YOUR OWN PRICE(R) airline product, which

                                        3
<Page>

represents the majority of our leisure airline ticket sales, and a retail travel
product offered by our wholly-owned subsidiary, Lowestfare.com.

          Consumers can make offers to purchase airline tickets through our
website or the 1-800-PRICELINE(R) call center. The vast majority of all airline
ticket requests are made through our website. To make an offer, a customer
specifies: (1) the origin and destination of the trip, (2) the dates on which
the customer wishes to depart and return, (3) the price the customer is willing
to pay, and (4) the customer's valid credit card to guarantee the offer. When
making an offer, consumers must agree to:

               -    fly on any one of our participating airline partners;

               -    leave at any time of day between 6 a.m. and 10 p.m. on their
                    desired dates of departure and return;

               -    purchase only round trip coach class tickets between the
                    same two points of departure and return;

               -    accept at least one stop or connection;

               -    receive no frequent flier miles or upgrades; and

               -    accept tickets that cannot be refunded or changed.

          When we receive an offer, we determine whether to fulfill the offer
based upon the available fares, rules and inventory provided to us by our
participating airlines. A customer is notified whether his or her offer has been
accepted within fifteen minutes, and we have recently reduced the average
response times to customer offers to about 3 minutes. If we are able to obtain
an airline ticket within the parameters specified by the customer, the
customer's offer is accepted and his or her credit card is charged the offer
price, plus applicable taxes, surcharges and standard processing fees, and the
ticket is delivered to the customer by the delivery method specified by the
customer. For customers who request it, we guarantee no more than one connection
per leg of trip with a maximum of a 3-hour stop. As with our other travel
products, once a customer's offer for airline tickets is accepted, that offer,
in almost all cases, cannot be withdrawn or cancelled.

          If a customer's offer is not accepted, but we believe the offer is
reasonably close to a price that we would be willing to accept, we will attempt
to satisfy the customer by providing guidance to the customer indicating that
changing certain parameters of the offer would increase the chances of the offer
being accepted. We may also offer a customer the opportunity to purchase a
price-disclosed retail airline ticket through Lowestfare.com.

          HOTELS. Our hotel room reservation service currently is available in
substantially all major cities and metropolitan areas in the United States.
Seller participants in the hotel room reservation service include most of the
significant national hotel chains as well as several important real estate
investment trusts and independent property owners. Hotels participate by filing
secure private discounted rates with related inventory control rules in a global
distribution system database in a central reservation system for hotel rooms.
These specific rates generally are not available to the general public or to
consolidators and other discount distributors who sell to the public, however,
hotel participants may make similar rates available to consolidators or other
discount providers under other arrangements.

          Our hotel room reservation service operates in a manner similar to our
airline ticket service. Consumers are required to accept certain trade-offs with
respect to brands or product features in return for saving money. For example,
consumers are required to accept a reservation in any hotel within a specified
geographic area within a designated "class" of service (1, 2, 3, 4, 5-star or
"resort") and must

                                        4
<Page>

accept limitations on changes and cancellations. As with the airline ticket
service, the target market for our hotel room reservation service is the leisure
travel market.

          On March 18, 2003, we announced that Lowestfare.com, our wholly-owned
subsidiary, had entered into a distribution agreement with Travelweb LLC.
Travelweb LLC is a full-service automated hotel distribution network owned by
Marriott, Hilton, Hyatt, Six Continents, Starwood Hotels and Pegasus Solutions.
Under the terms of the agreement, Travelweb LLC will become the exclusive
provider of published-price, net rate inventory in the U.S. and Canada that will
be available on both Lowestfare.com and on priceline.com. In connection with the
distribution agreement, Lowestfare.com made an $8.5 million investment in
Travelweb LLC and received approximately 15% of the equity of Travelweb LLC
and a seat on Travelweb LLC's Board of Directors.

          RENTAL CARS. We offer two different rental car services. In December
1999, priceline.com launched its Insiders Rates(SM) service and, in February
2000, we launched our NAME YOUR OWN PRICE(R) service. Our rental car services
are currently available in substantially all major United States airport
markets. The top five brand name airport rental car companies in the United
States are seller participants in our rental car program.

          Under our Insiders Rates(SM) service, participating car rental
companies offer customers who have successfully purchased an airline ticket from
us rates on car rentals in connection with a customer's planned travel
arrangements. The offer is provided to customers by e-mail and on our website
when a customer checks the status of his or her request.

          Our NAME YOUR OWN PRICE(R) rental car service operates in a manner
similar to our airline ticket and hotel reservation services. Consumers can
access our website and select where and when they want to rent a car, what kind
of car they want to rent (i.e., economy, compact, mid-size, SUV) and the price
they want to pay per-day, excluding taxes, fees and surcharges. When we receive
an offer, we determine whether to fulfill the offer based upon the available
rates, rules and inventory. A customer is notified whether his or her offer has
been accepted within fifteen minutes. If a customer's offer is accepted, we will
immediately reserve the rental car, charge the customer's credit card and notify
the customer of the car rental company and location providing the rental car.

          OTHER TRAVEL SERVICES. In addition to the travel services described
above, we also offer fixed-price cruise trips through National Leisure Group,
Inc., an agent representing major cruise lines. Our cruise product allows
consumers to search for and compare cruise pricing and availability information
and to purchase cruises by selecting from our published offerings and prices. In
February 2002, we began offering our vacation package product, which allows
consumers to determine their own price for packages consisting of airfare and
hotel or resort room nights. In November 2002, we began offering retail travel
through our newly formed, wholly owned subsidiary, Lowestfare.com Incorporated.
Our relationship with Lowestfare.com allows us to capitalize on the retail
travel market as well as offer a retail alternative to those of our customers
who fail to bind on our NAME YOUR OWN PRICE(R) path.

          TRAVEL INSURANCE. In July 2000, we began making available to our
airline customers an optional travel insurance package that offers our customers
coverage for, among other things, trip cancellation, medical expenses, emergency
evacuation, and loss of baggage, property and travel documents. The travel
insurance is provided by member companies of American International Group, Inc.,
a leading United States-based international insurance and financial services
organization. We receive a fixed fee from AIG member companies for every
optional insurance package purchased by our customers. The travel insurance
program is made available to every eligible customer who makes an offer for a
priceline.com airline ticket or vacation package. If a traveler chooses the
insurance program, the cost is charged to the customer's credit card only if he
or she succeeds in getting a priceline.com airline ticket. If the customer's
ticket offer is not successful, the cost of the insurance package is not
charged.

                                        5
<Page>

          While we are currently focused on the travel products and services
described above, over time, we may evaluate the introduction of other products
and services within the travel industry.

HOME FINANCING SERVICES

          We offer home financing services through pricelinemortgage.com, of
which we own 49% and hold two seats on the board of directors. Pursuant to an
intellectual property license from us, pricelinemortgage.com utilizes the
priceline.com NAME YOUR OWN PRICE(R) business model. Pricelinemortgage.com is
controlled by First Alliance Bank, a federally chartered savings associatioN
supervised by the Office of Thrift Supervision and a wholly owned subsidiary of
Alliance Partners, L.P. Pricelinemortgage.com has access to the management
resources and expertise of Alliance Partners, L.P. and its affiliates, including
Alliance Mortgage Company, a residential mortgage lender since 1962. Alliance
Partners, L.P. provides management services to pricelinemortgage.com, including
the procurement of personnel and office space and assistance in obtaining
regulatory approvals. Robert J. Mylod, our Chief Financial Officer, is a
director of, and an investor in, Alliance Capital Partners Inc., the parent
company of Alliance Partners, L.P. Pricelinemortgage.com is operating in all 50
states.

          Under the terms of an agreement with Alliance Partners, L.P., our
financing service allows consumers to name their interest rate and points for
mortgages of a specified term, including purchase money mortgages, refinancings
and home equity loans. As a general matter, to obtain a loan, consumers access
our website and specify the amount of the loan, the term, the interest rate and
the points that they are willing to pay. Customers complete a simplified loan
application as part of the process of making an offer. In connection with making
an offer, customers are required to guarantee with a major credit card the
payment of a $250 deposit that is applied towards closing costs and returned if
we cannot find a participating lender to accept the offer. We notify a customer
within six hours whether his or her offer has been accepted by a participating
lender. Participating lenders may submit counteroffers through us for up to one
business day following the customer's offer.

INTERNATIONAL

          ASIA. We are party to agreements with subsidiaries of Hutchison
Whampoa Limited ("Hutchison") to introduce our services to several Asian
markets. Under the terms of the agreements, we license our business model and
provide our expertise in technology and operations to a Hutchison subsidiary,
Hutchison-Priceline Limited. Hutchison owns equity securities in
Hutchison-Priceline Limited. We charge Hutchison-Priceline Limited an annual
licensing fee to use our intellectual property. While we currently have no
equity in Hutchison-Priceline Limited and do not control its board of
directors, we have invested in a note convertible into approximately 35% (on
a fully diluted basis) of the equity of Hutchison-Priceline Limited. During
the third quarter of 2002, we performed our periodic evaluation of the
progress of the operations of Hutchison-Priceline Limited. Factors including
increasing negative variances in key operating metrics such as negative gross
margins and continuing operating losses, negative net asset position and an
increasingly competitive operating environment led us to determine that the
carrying value of our convertible note no longer reflected its fair value.
Accordingly, we recorded an impairment charge of $12.2 million to reduce the
carrying value of our investment in Hutchison-Priceline Limited to its
estimated fair value of zero. Hutchison and Cheung Kong (Holdings) Limited, a
company affiliated with Hutchison, own approximately 34% of our outstanding
common stock and have three seats on our board of directors. We hold two
seats on Hutchison-Priceline Limited's board of directors.

                                        6
<Page>

          EUROPE. Priceline.com europe Ltd. is a majority owned subsidiary of
ours that was established to provide our services to several European markets.
Priceline.com europe Ltd. offers NAME YOUR OWN PRICE(R) hotels, and, through
third-party partners, airfare, vacation packages and car hire at disclosed
prices. The other investors in priceline.com europe Ltd. include affiliates of
General Atlantic Partners, LLC and certain individual investors. During 2002,
2001 and 2000, William Ford, a principal of General Atlantic Partners, LLC, was
a member of our board of directors and chairman of our audit committee. Mr. Ford
resigned from our board of directors on January 23, 2003, because General
Atlantic Partners, LLC significantly reduced its position in our company. In
2002, we recorded an impairment charge of $12 million in connection with our
investment in priceline.com europe. Please see Note 7 to our Consolidated
Financial Statements for more information about the impairment charge.

MARKETING AND BRAND AWARENESS

          Priceline.com has established itself as one of the most recognized
e-commerce brands through an aggressive marketing and promotion campaign.
During 2002, our advertising expense was $44.7 million. We intend to continue
a marketing strategy to promote brand awareness and the concept that
consumers can save money on all products and services offered by
priceline.com. Underlying our marketing strategy is our belief that our
target market is all consumers, not just Internet-savvy consumers. To date,
substantially all of our spending has been for television, radio, online and,
to a lesser extent, newspaper advertising. In the first half of 2002, we
shifted some of our marketing resources from television and radio, toward
online marketing and in the latter half of 2002, we began to focus again on
television and radio advertising. While we intend to continue to promote the
priceline.com brand aggressively in 2003 and to focus the majority of our
marketing resources on our hotel product, we expect to reduce our advertising
expenditures in the near term as a result of the recent outbreak of
hostilities in the Middle East.

COMPETITION

          We compete with both online and traditional sellers of the products
and services offered on priceline.com. Current and new competitors can launch
new sites at a relatively low cost. In addition, the traditional retail industry
for the products and services we offer is intensely competitive. In 2001 and
2002, we saw the continuation of a trend in the online travel industry toward
vertical integration. For example, in October 2001, Cendant Corporation, a
diversified global provider of business and consumer services which owns, among
other things, Avis and is the world's largest franchiser of hotels, purchased
online travel provider Cheaptickets.com as well as Galileo International, Inc.,
a global distribution system. In addition, in February 2002, USA Networks, Inc.,
which owns a controlling stake in Hotel Reservations Network, acquired a
controlling stake in Expedia, Inc. and in early 2003, agreed to acquire all of
Expedia, Inc. shares it does not already own. Finally, Hilton Hotels
Corporation, Hyatt Corporation, Marriott International, Inc., Six Continents
Hotels, Starwood Hotels and Pegasus Solutions, Inc. recently formed Travelweb
LLC, a full-service automated distributor of hotel rooms that will compete with
us in the online hotel space. See "FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT FUTURE RESULTS -
INTENSE COMPETITION COULD REDUCE OUR MARKET SHARE AND HARM OUR FINANCIAL
PERFORMANCE."

          We currently or potentially compete with a variety of companies with
respect to each product or service we offer. With respect to travel products,
these competitors include:

               -    Internet travel services such as Expedia, Travelocity.com,
                    Orbitz, Hotels.com and Hotwire, a website that offers
                    discounted fares on opaque inventory;

               -    traditional travel agencies;

                                        7
<Page>

               -    consolidators and wholesalers of airline tickets and other
                    travel products, including online consolidators such as
                    Hotel Reservations Network and Cheaptickets.com;

               -    individual or groups of airlines, hotels, rental car
                    companies, cruise operators and other travel service
                    providers (all of which may provide services by telephone or
                    through their branded website); and

               -    operators of travel industry reservation databases such as
                    Worldspan, L.P. and Sabre.

          A number of airlines, including several that participate in our
system, have invested in and offer discount airfares and travel services through
the Orbitz Internet travel service, and several airlines, including a number
that participate in our system, participate in and have received an equity stake
in Hotwire. The launch of Orbitz in June 2001 had a strong impact on the online
travel industry. Specifically, because Orbitz is airline-owned, it is in a
position to forego certain revenue streams upon which other online travel
suppliers may be dependant, such as commissions and global distribution system
fees. Orbitz's prices, which unlike ours, are disclosed to the consumer, are
typically lower than other online travel providers offering disclosed price
fares. In 2002, we also saw increased competition from discounted retail airline
tickets being sold by online and offline agencies and directly by the airlines.

          With respect to financial service products, our competitors include
banks and other financial institutions, and online and traditional mortgage and
insurance brokers, including mortgage.com, Quicken Mortgage, E-Loan, LendingTree
and iOwn, Inc.

          We potentially face competition from a number of large Internet
companies and services that have expertise in developing online commerce and in
facilitating Internet traffic, including Amazon.com and Yahoo!, who could choose
to compete with us either directly or indirectly through affiliations with other
e-commerce or off-line companies. Other large companies with strong brand
recognition, technical expertise and experience in Internet commerce could also
seek to compete with us. Competition from these and other sources could have a
material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial
condition.

          Many of our current and potential competitors, including Internet
directories and search engines and large traditional retailers, have longer
operating histories, larger customer bases, greater brand recognition and
significantly greater financial marketing, technical and other resources than we
have. Some of these competitors may be able to secure products and services on
more favorable terms than we can. In addition, many of these competitors may be
able to devote significantly greater resources to: (1) marketing and promotional
campaigns, (2) attracting traffic to their websites, (3) attracting and
retaining key employees, (4) securing vendors and inventory and (5) website and
systems development.

OPERATIONS AND TECHNOLOGY

          Our business is supported by a systems platform, which was designed
with an emphasis on scalability, performance and reliability. Our core demand
collection and offer processing systems are proprietary to priceline.com. The
software platform and architecture are built on server-side Java, C++ and SQL
scripts integrated with an Oracle relational database system. This internal
platform was designed to include open application protocol interfaces that can
provide connectivity to vendors in the industries in which we operate. These
include large global inventory systems, such as airline and hotel room
reservation systems and financial service providers, as well as individual
inventory suppliers, such as individual hotels. Our Internet servers utilize
VeriSign digital certificates to help us conduct secure communications and
transactions.

          We out-source most of our call center and customer service functions,
and use a real-time interactive voice response system with transfer capabilities
to our call centers and customer service centers in Norwalk, Connecticut,
Columbus, Ohio, Sunrise, Florida and Brownsville, Pennsylvania.

                                        8
<Page>

          Our systems infrastructure and Web and database servers are hosted at
Cable & Wireless plc. in Jersey City, New Jersey, which provides communication
links to multiple providers including UUNet and AT&T, as well as 24-hour
monitoring and engineering support. Cable & Wireless has its own generator and
multiple back-up systems in Jersey City. Substantial amounts of our computer
hardware for operating our services is currently located at Cable & Wireless in
Jersey City. We also maintain a second Web hosting facility at AT&T in New York
City. Our network operations center monitors both Web hosting facilities and is
located in our Norwalk, Connecticut headquarters. Both facilities have an
uninterruptible power supply system, generators and redundant servers. If Cable
& Wireless were unable, for any reason, to support our primary web hosting
facility, we would need to activate our secondary site at AT&T. See "FACTORS
THAT MAY AFFECT FUTURE RESULTS - WE RELY ON THIRD-PARTY SYSTEMS."

          We also offer phone service through our toll-free number,
1-800-PRICELINE(R), which allows consumers who do not have access to a computer
to phone in their orders for airline tickets and other products. In addition,
consumers who choose not to transmit their credit card information via the
Internet have the option of submitting their credit card information through the
phone service. We also use our toll-free number to provide customer service.

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

          We currently hold fourteen issued United States patents, Nos.
5,794,207, 5,797,127, 5,897,620, 6,041,308, 6,085,169, 6,108,639, 6,134,534,
6,240,396, 6,332,129, 6,418,415, 6,484,153, 6,510,418, 6,466,919, and
6,345,090 over 20 pending United States patent applications, and
corresponding pending international patent applications. All of our issued
United States patents expire between September 4, 2016 and July 8, 2017. We
file additional patent applications on new inventions, as appropriate.

          While we believe that our issued patents and pending patent
applications help to protect our business, there can be no assurance that:

               -    any patent can be successfully defended against challenges
                    by third parties;

               -    the pending patent applications will result in the issuance
                    of patents;

               -    competitors or potential competitors of priceline.com will
                    not devise new methods of competing with us that are not
                    covered by our patents or patent applications;

               -    because of variations in the application of our business
                    model to each of our products and services, our patents will
                    be effective in preventing one or more third parties from
                    utilizing a copycat business model to offer the same product
                    or service in one or more categories;

               -    new prior art will not be discovered which may diminish the
                    value of or invalidate an issued patent; or

               -    a third party will not have or obtain one or more patents
                    that prevent us from practicing features of our business or
                    will require us to pay for a license to use those features.

          There has been discussion in the press regarding the examination and
issuance of so called "business method" patents. As a result, the United States
Patent and Trademark Office has indicated that it intends to intensify the
review process applicable to such patent applications. The new procedures are
not expected to have a direct effect on patents already granted. We cannot
anticipate what effect, if any, the new review process will have on our pending
patent applications. See "FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT FUTURE RESULTS - LEGAL
PROCEEDINGS."

                                        9
<Page>

          We hold the exclusive rights to the trade names and service marks
PRICELINE(R) and PRICELINE.COM(R), U.S. Service MARk Registrations Nos.
2,481,750; 2,272,659; 2,594,582; 2,481,752; 2,594,592 and 2,481,112, including
all attendant goodwill therefor. We own U.S. Service Mark Registrations Nos.
2,647,673 and 2,644,739 for NAME YOUR OWN PRICE(R), and U.S. Service Mark
Registration No. 2,313,827 for NAME YOUR PRICE!(R). In addition, we own pending
U.S Service Mark Applications Nos. 78/109,131 and 78/139,695 for I THINK
THEREFORE I SAVE and SAVING IS BELIEVING. We seek to protect our copyrights,
service marks, trademarks, trade dress and trade secrets on an ongoing basis
through a combination of laws and contractual restrictions, such as
confidentiality agreements. For example, we attempt to register our trademarks
and service marks in the United States and internationally and currently hold
over one hundred service mark registrations worldwide. However, effective
trademark, service mark, copyright and trade secret protection may not be
available in every country in which our services are or may be made available
online, regardless of our continuous efforts to police and register our marks.
See "FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT FUTURE RESULTS -OUR SUCCESS DEPENDS ON OUR ABILITY
TO PROTECT OUR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY."

          We currently own the Internet domain name PRICELINE.COM in the United
States. Domain names are generally regulated by Internet regulatory bodies. The
relationship between trademark and unfair competition laws and domain name
registration is evolving. The Anti-Cybersquatting Consumer Protection Act and
the Uniform Dispute Resolution Policy have both significantly enhanced the
ability to prevent incorporation of trademarks into domain names by third
parties. We actively pursue significant infringers who improperly misappropriate
our trademarks and misspellings thereof as domain names, as appropriate, to
maintain and enhance the strength of our trademarks. See "FACTORS THAT MAY
AFFECT FUTURE RESULTS - OUR SUCCESS DEPENDS ON OUR ABILITY TO PROTECT OUR
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY."

GOVERNMENTAL REGULATION

          The products and services we provide are subject to various federal,
state and local regulations. For example, our travel service is subject to laws
governing the offer and/or sale of travel services as well as laws requiring us
to register as a "seller of travel."

          We are also subject to laws governing the licensing and conduct of
persons providing mortgage brokerage services. Such laws typically require
certain consumer protection disclosures and loan solicitation procedures. For
example, the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act prohibits the payment and
receipt of mortgage loan referral fees, and permits persons to be compensated
only for the fair market value of non-referral services. Accordingly, our home
financing service provides non-referral services such as website development and
advertising to a licensed mortgage broker who, in turn, provides the back-end
processing for loan referrals.

          All of our services are subject to federal and state consumer
protection laws and regulations prohibiting unfair and deceptive trade
practices.

          We are also subject to regulations applicable to businesses conducting
online commerce. Today there are relatively few laws specifically directed
toward online services. However, due to the increasing popularity and use of the
Internet and online services, it is possible that laws and regulations will be
adopted with respect to the Internet or online services. These laws and
regulations could cover issues such as online contracts, user privacy, freedom
of expression, pricing, fraud, content and quality of products and services,
taxation, advertising, intellectual property rights and information security.
Applicability to the Internet of existing laws governing issues such as property
ownership, copyrights and other intellectual property issues, taxation, libel,
obscenity and personal privacy is developing, but any such new legislation could
have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial
condition. In addition, some states may require us to qualify in that state to
do business as a foreign corporation because our service is available in that
state over the Internet. Although we are qualified to do business in a number of
states, failure to meet the qualifications of certain states, or a determination
that

                                       10
<Page>

we are required to qualify in additional states, could subject us to taxes and
penalties. See "FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT FUTURE RESULTS - UNCERTAINTY REGARDING
STATE TAXES."

          Priceline.com europe Ltd. and Hutchison-Priceline Limited are subject
to various foreign regulations and governing bodies that might limit their
products and services. They may be affected by unexpected changes in regulatory
requirements and various tariffs and trade barriers in connection with online
commerce. Any failure by priceline.com europe Ltd. or Hutchison-Priceline
Limited to comply may have an adverse effect on us.

EMPLOYEES

          As of March 17, 2003, we employed 290 full-time employees. We also
retain independent contractors to support our customer service and system
support functions.

          We have never had a work stoppage and our employees are not
represented by any collective bargaining unit. We consider our relations with
our employees to be good. Our future success will depend, in part, on our
ability to continue to attract, integrate, retain and motivate highly qualified
technical and managerial personnel, for whom competition is intense.

FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT FUTURE RESULTS

          THE FOLLOWING RISK FACTORS AND OTHER INFORMATION INCLUDED IN THIS
ANNUAL REPORT SHOULD BE CAREFULLY CONSIDERED. THE RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
DESCRIBED BELOW ARE NOT THE ONLY ONES WE FACE. ADDITIONAL RISKS AND
UNCERTAINTIES NOT PRESENTLY KNOWN TO US OR THAT WE CURRENTLY DEEM IMMATERIAL MAY
ALSO IMPAIR OUR BUSINESS OPERATIONS. IF ANY OF THE FOLLOWING RISKS OCCUR, OUR
BUSINESS, FINANCIAL CONDITION, OPERATING RESULTS AND CASH FLOWS COULD BE
MATERIALLY ADVERSELY AFFECTED.

          WE MAY CONTINUE TO INCUR LOSSES

          As of December 31, 2002, we had an accumulated deficit of
approximately $1.6 billion, and for the year ended December 31, 2002, a net loss
of approximately $19.2 million. Despite the progress we have made towards
improving our financial results, we may incur losses and may not be profitable
in future years. In particular, a depressed retail environment for the sale of
airline tickets and a general decline in leisure travel since the events of
September 11, 2001, have had a negative impact on our business and results of
operations. We may not have decreased our operating expenses sufficiently to
achieve and sustain profitability in this difficult operating environment.

          OUR BUSINESS HAS BEEN NEGATIVELY IMPACTED BY THE WAR IN IRAQ AND COULD
BE FURTHER DAMAGED BY TERRORIST ATTACKS OR THE FEAR OF FUTURE TERRORIST ATTACKS

          In the days following the commencement of the military conflict with
Iraq on March 19, 2003, we experienced a substantial decline in demand for our
travel products and an increase in customer service costs and ticket refunds and
cancellations. At this time, we cannot forecast the extent to which our travel
business will be affected by the war with Iraq. However, a prolonged conflict
could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and
financial condition. In addition, terrorist attacks (whether or not such attacks
involve commercial aircraft), the fear of future terrorist attacks or
hostilities involving the United States in other areas of the world, are likely
to contribute to a general reluctance by the public to travel and, as a result,
to have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and
financial condition.

                                       11
<Page>

          WE ARE DEPENDENT ON THE AIRLINE INDUSTRY AND CERTAIN AIRLINES

          Our financial prospects are significantly dependent upon our sale of
leisure airline tickets. Leisure airline tickets represented 45% of booked
offers and an even greater percentage of our revenue for the year ended December
31, 2002. Leisure travel, including the sale of leisure airline tickets, is
dependent on personal discretionary spending levels. As a result, sales of
leisure airline tickets and other leisure travel products tend to decline during
general economic downturns and recessions. In addition, unforeseen events, such
as terrorist attacks, political instability, regional hostilities, increases in
fuel prices, imposition of taxes or surcharges by regulatory authorities,
travel-related accidents and unusual weather patterns also may adversely affect
the leisure travel industry. As a result, our business also is likely to be
affected by those events. Further, work stoppages or labor unrest at any of the
major airlines could materially and adversely affect the airline industry and,
as a consequence, have a material adverse effect on our business, results of
operations and financial condition.

          During 2002, sales of airline tickets from our five largest and two
largest airline suppliers accounted for approximately 90% and 48% of airline
ticket revenue, respectively. As a result, currently we are substantially
dependent upon the continued participation of these airlines in the
priceline.com service in order to maintain and continue to grow our total
airline ticket revenues and, as a consequence, our overall revenues.

          We currently have 35 participating airlines. However, our arrangements
with the airlines that participate in our system:

               -    do not require the airlines to make tickets available for
                    any particular routes;

               -    do not require the airlines to provide any specific quantity
                    of airline tickets;

               -    do not require the airlines to provide particular prices or
                    levels of discount;

               -    do not require the airlines to deal exclusively with us in
                    the public sale of discounted airline tickets;

               -    often limit the manner in which we can sell inventory and,
                    in the case of our agreement with Delta Air Lines,
                    substantially limits which airlines can participate in our
                    system; and

               -    generally, can be terminated upon little or no notice.

          As a general matter, during the course of our business, we are in
continuous dialogue with our major airline suppliers about the nature and extent
of their participation in the priceline.com system. In the second quarter 2002,
Northwest Airlines terminated its Airline Participation Agreement with us. The
significant reduction on the part of any of our other major suppliers of their
participation in the priceline.com system for a sustained period of time or
their complete withdrawal could have a material adverse effect on our business,
results of operations and financial condition.

          Due to our dependence on the airline industry, we could be severely
affected by changes in that industry, and, in many cases, we will have no
control over such changes or their timing. For example, we believe that our
business has been adversely affected by the general reduction in airline
capacity since September 11, 2001. Further, since the September 11, 2001
terrorist attacks, several major U.S. airlines are struggling financially and
have either filed for reorganization under the United States Bankruptcy Code or
discussed publicly the risks of bankruptcy. To the extent other major U.S.
airlines that

                                       12
<Page>

participate in our system declare bankruptcy, they may be unable or unwilling
to honor tickets sold for their flights. Our policy in such event would be to
direct customers seeking a refund or exchange to the airline, and not to
provide a remedy ourselves. Because we are the merchant-of-record on sales of
airline tickets to our customers, however, we could experience a significant
increase in demands for refunds or credit card charge-backs from customers
which would materially and adversely affect our business. In addition,
because our customers do not choose the airlines on which they are to fly,
the bankruptcy of a major U.S. airline or the possibility of a major U.S.
airline declaring bankruptcy could discourage customers from booking airline
tickets through us.

          In addition, given the concentration of the airline industry,
particularly in the domestic market, major airlines that are not participating
in the priceline.com service, or our competitors, could exert pressure on other
airlines not to supply us with tickets. Moreover, the airlines may attempt to
establish their own buyer-driven commerce service or participate or invest in
other similar services, like Hotwire, a website that offers discounted fares on
opaque inventory, or Orbitz, an airline-owned website that competes directly
with us.

          THE BANKRUPTCY, DISCONTINUANCE OR CONSOLIDATION OF OUR SUPPLIERS COULD
HARM OUR BUSINESS

          We are heavily dependent on our suppliers. Two of our largest airline
suppliers, U.S. Airways and United Airlines, are currently operating under the
protection of federal bankruptcy laws and certain other major suppliers,
including American Airlines, have disclosed publicly the possibility of seeking
the protection of the federal bankruptcy laws. If any of our suppliers currently
in bankruptcy liquidates or does not emerge from bankruptcy and we are unable to
replace such supplier as a participant in priceline.com, our business would be
adversely affected. Additionally, in the event that another of our major
suppliers voluntarily or involuntarily declares bankruptcy and is subsequently
unable to successfully emerge from bankruptcy, and we are unable to replace such
supplier, our business would be adversely affected. In addition, as discussed in
"WE ARE DEPENDENT ON THE AIRLINE INDUSTRY AND CERTAIN AIRLINES," because our
customers do not choose the airline, hotel or rental car company on which they
are booked, the bankruptcy of a major supplier or even the possibility of a
major supplier declaring bankruptcy, could discourage consumers from booking
their travel products through us. As of March 17, 2003, two of the five rental
car brands that supply our rental car business are operating under the
protection of the bankruptcy laws. If any or all of such companies discontinue
their business, and we are unable to find other suppliers, it could have a
material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial
condition. See "MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - RECENT DEVELOPMENTS."

          If one of our major suppliers merges or consolidates with, or is
acquired by, another company who either does not participate in the
priceline.com system or who participates on substantially lower levels, the
surviving company may elect not to participate in our system or to participate
at lower levels than they were previously participating. In such event, if we
are unable to divert sales to other suppliers, our business could be adversely
affected.

          INTENSE COMPETITION COULD REDUCE OUR MARKET SHARE AND HARM OUR
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

          We compete with both online and traditional sellers of the products
and services offered on priceline.com. Current and new competitors can launch
new sites at a relatively low cost. In addition, the traditional retail industry
for the products and services we offer is intensely competitive. Recently, we
have seen the continuation of a trend in the online travel industry toward
vertical integration. For example, in October 2001, Cendant Corporation, a
diversified global provider of business and consumer services which owns, among
other things, Avis and is the world's largest franchiser of hotels, purchased
online travel provider Cheaptickets.com as well as Galileo International, Inc.,
a global distribution system. In addition, in February 2002, USA Networks, Inc.,
which owns a controlling stake in Hotels.com, acquired a controlling stake in
Expedia, Inc. and, in early 2003, agreed to acquire all of Expedia, Inc. shares
it does not already own. Finally, Hilton Hotels Corporation, Hyatt Corporation,

                                       13
<Page>

Marriott International, Inc., Six Continents Hotels, Starwood Hotels and Pegasus
Solutions, Inc. recently formed Travelweb LLC, a full-service automated
distributor of hotel rooms that will compete with us in the online hotel space.
If this trend continues, we might not be able to effectively compete with
industry conglomerates that have access to greater and more diversified
resources than we do.

          We currently or potentially compete with a variety of companies with
respect to each product or service we offer. With respect to travel products,
these competitors include:

               -    Internet travel services such as Expedia, Travelocity.com,
                    Orbitz, Hotels.com and Hotwire, a website that offers
                    discounted fares on opaque inventory;

               -    traditional travel agencies;

               -    consolidators and wholesalers of airline tickets and other
                    travel products, including online consolidators such as
                    Hotel Reservation Network and Cheaptickets.com;

               -    individual or groups of airlines, hotels, rental car
                    companies, cruise operators and other travel service
                    providers (all of which may provide services by telephone or
                    through their branded website); and

               -    operators of travel industry reservation databases such as
                    Worldspan, L.P. and Sabre.

          A number of airlines, including a number that participate in our
system, have invested in and offer discount airfares and travel services through
the Orbitz Internet travel service, and a number of airlines, including a number
that participate in our system, participate in and have received an equity stake
from Hotwire. The June 2001 launch of Orbitz has had a strong impact on the
online travel industry. Specifically, because Orbitz is airline-owned, it is in
a position to forego certain revenue streams upon which other online travel
suppliers may be dependant, such as commissions and global distribution system
fees. Orbitz's prices, which unlike ours, are disclosed to the consumer, have
typically been lower than other online travel providers offering disclosed price
fares.

          Hotwire, which was launched in October 2000, provides airline tickets,
hotel rooms and rental car reservations at disclosed prices, although supplier
identity and flight times remain opaque. Since its launch, Hotwire has been
successful in establishing itself in the online travel marketplace, through
aggressive advertising which has had the effect of decreasing our market share.
If we are unable to effectively compete with Hotwire, our results will suffer.
Competition from these and other sources could have a material adverse effect on
our business, results of operations and financial condition.

          With respect to financial service products, our competitors include
banks and other financial institutions, and online and traditional mortgage and
insurance brokers, including mortgage.com, Quicken Mortgage, E-Loan, LendingTree
and iOwn, Inc.

          We potentially face competition from a number of large Internet
companies and services that have expertise in developing online commerce and in
facilitating Internet traffic, including Amazon.com and Yahoo!, who could choose
to compete with us either directly or indirectly through affiliations with other
e-commerce or off-line companies. Other large companies with strong brand
recognition, technical expertise and experience in Internet commerce could also
seek to compete with us. Competition from these and other sources could have a
material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial
condition.

                                       14
<Page>

          Many of our current and potential competitors, including Internet
directories and search engines and large traditional retailers, have longer
operating histories, larger customer bases, greater brand recognition and
significantly greater financial, marketing, technical and other resources than
we have. Some of these competitors may be able to secure products and services
on more favorable terms than we can. In addition, many of these competitors may
be able to devote significantly greater resources to: (1) marketing and
promotional campaigns, (2) attracting traffic to their websites, (3) attracting
and retaining key employees, (4) securing vendors and inventory and (5) website
and systems development.

          Increased competition could result in reduced operating margins and
loss of market share and could damage our brand. There can be no assurance that
we will be able to compete successfully against current and future competitors
or that competition will not have a material adverse effect on our business,
results of operations and financial condition.

          WE MAY LOSE OR BE SUBJECT TO REDUCTION OF GDS FEES

          We rely on fees paid to us by Worldspan, L.P. for travel bookings made
through Worldspan, L.P.'s global distribution system (GDS) for a substantial
portion of our gross profit and net income. A number of travel suppliers,
particularly airlines, have indicated publicly that, as part of an effort to
reduce distribution costs, they intend to reduce their dependence over time on
what they view to be "expensive" distribution channels such as GDSs. A number of
travel suppliers have reached agreements with travel distributors that require
rebates of all or part of the fees received from the GDS. Additionally, travel
suppliers are encouraging distributors, such as us, to develop technology
enabling direct connections therefore bypassing the GDS. Development of direct
connection technology would require the use of information technology resources
and could cause us to incur additional operating expenses and delay other
projects. We have been and believe that we will continue to be under pressure
from travel suppliers to rebate all or part of the travel booking fees we
receive from Worldspan, L.P. To the extent that we are required to rebate travel
booking fees we currently receive to travel suppliers, and are unable to recover
such amounts by charging customers, it could have a material adverse effect on
our business, results of operations and financial condition.

          In addition, in March 2003, a corporation newly formed by Citigroup
Venture Capital Equity Partners L.P. and Teachers' Merchant Bank, agreed to
purchase Worldspan, L.P. from its airline owners. It is unclear what effect, if
any, a change in control of Worldspan, L.P. will have on our relationship with
Worldspan, L.P. or our business, results of operations or financial condition.

          UNCERTAINTY REGARDING STATE TAXES

                                       15
<Page>

          We file tax returns in such states as required by law based on
principles applicable to traditional businesses. In addition, we pay sales and
other taxes to suppliers on our purchases of travel services sold through the
priceline.com service. In certain cases, where appropriate, we remit taxes
directly to the tax authorities. We believe that this practice is consistent
with the tax laws of all jurisdictions. However, one or more states could seek
to impose additional income tax obligations, sales tax collection obligations,
or other tax obligations on companies, such as ours, which engage in or
facilitate online commerce. A number of proposals have been made at state and
local levels that could impose such taxes on the sale of products and services
through the Internet or the income derived from such sales.

          To the extent that any tax authority succeeds in asserting that a tax
collection responsibility applies to transactions conducted through the
priceline.com service, we might have additional tax exposure. Such actions could
have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and
financial condition.

          We will continue to assess the risks of any potential financial
impact, and to the extent appropriate, we will reserve for those contingencies.

          OUR BUSINESS IS EXPOSED TO RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH CREDIT CARD FRAUD AND
CHARGE-BACKS

          To date, our results have been impacted by purchases made using
fraudulent credit cards. Because we act as the merchant-of-record, we are held
liable for fraudulent credit card transactions on our website as well as other
payment disputes with our customers. Accordingly, we calculate and record an
allowance for the resulting credit card charge-backs. During the second half of
2001, we launched a company-wide credit card charge-back reduction project aimed
at preventing the fraudulent use of credit cards. To date, this project has been
successful in reducing fraud; however, if we are unable to continue to reduce
the fraudulent use of credit cards on our website, it could have a material
adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

          POTENTIAL FLUCTUATIONS IN OUR FINANCIAL RESULTS MAKE FINANCIAL
FORECASTING DIFFICULT

          Our revenues and operating results have varied significantly from
quarter to quarter and our revenues and operating results may continue to vary
significantly from quarter to quarter. As a result, quarter to quarter
comparisons of our revenues and operating results may not be meaningful. In
addition, due to our limited operating history, a business model that is,
especially when compared to "brick and mortar" companies, still relatively new
and unproven, and an uncertain environment in the travel industry, it may be
difficult to predict our future revenues or results of operations accurately. In
late 2000, our operating results fell below the expectations of securities
analysts and investors and may, in one or more future quarters, fall below such
expectations again. If this happens, the trading price of our common stock would
almost certainly be materially and adversely affected.

                                       16
<Page>

          IF WE LOSE OUR KEY PERSONNEL OR CANNOT RECRUIT ADDITIONAL PERSONNEL,
OUR BUSINESS MAY SUFFER

          We depend on the continued services and performance of our executive
officers and other key personnel. We do not have "key person" life insurance
policies. If we do not succeed in attracting new employees or retaining and
motivating current and future employees or executive officers, our business
could suffer significantly. Our ability to retain key employees could be
materially adversely affected by the decline in the market price of our common
stock and by limitations on our ability to pay cash compensation that is
equivalent to cash paid by traditional businesses and limitations imposed by our
employee benefit plans to issue additional equity incentives.

          ONLINE SECURITY BREACHES COULD HARM OUR BUSINESS

          The secure transmission of confidential information over the Internet
is essential in maintaining consumer and supplier confidence in the
priceline.com service. Substantial or ongoing security breaches - whether
instigated internally or externally - on our system or other Internet-based
systems could significantly harm our business. We currently require buyers to
guarantee their offers with their credit card, either online or through our
toll-free telephone service. We rely on licensed encryption and authentication
technology to effect secure transmission of confidential information, including
credit card numbers. It is possible that advances in computer capabilities, new
discoveries or other developments could result in a compromise or breach of the
technology used by us to protect customer transaction data.

          We incur substantial expense to protect against and remedy security
breaches and their consequences. However, we cannot guarantee that our security
measures will prevent security breaches. A party that is able to circumvent our
security systems could steal proprietary information or cause significant
interruptions in our operations. For instance, several major websites have
experienced significant interruptions as a result of improper direction of
excess traffic to those sites, and computer viruses have substantially disrupted
e-mail and other functionality in a number of countries, including the United
States. Security breaches also could damage our reputation and expose us to a
risk of loss or litigation and possible liability. Our insurance policies carry
low coverage limits, which may not be adequate to reimburse us for losses caused
by security breaches.

          We also face risks associated with security breaches affecting third
parties conducting business over the Internet. Consumers generally are concerned
with security and privacy on the Internet and any publicized security problems
could inhibit the growth of the Internet and, therefore, the priceline.com
service as a means of conducting commercial transactions.

          TWO LARGE STOCKHOLDERS BENEFICIALLY OWN APPROXIMATELY 34% OF OUR STOCK

          Hutchison Whampoa Limited and its 49.97% shareholder, Cheung Kong
(Holdings) Limited, collectively beneficially owned approximately 34% of our
outstanding common stock as of December 31, 2002, based on public filings with
the Securities and Exchange Commission. Together, Cheung Kong (Holdings) Limited
and Hutchison Whampoa Limited have appointed three of the eleven members of our
Board of Directors. As a result of their ownership and positions, Cheung Kong
(Holdings) Limited and Hutchison Whampoa Limited collectively are able to
significantly influence all matters requiring stockholders approval, including
the election of directors and approval of significant corporate transactions.
Such concentration of ownership may also have the effect of delaying or
preventing a change in control of our company. In addition, both Cheung Kong
(Holdings) Limited and Hutchison Whampoa Limited have registration rights with
respect to their shares of priceline.com. On September 19, 2001, Cheung Kong
(Holdings) Limited and Hutchison Whampoa Limited withdrew a request they had
made for us to file a shelf registration statement to sell shares and obtained
rights to purchase up to a 37.5% stake (on a fully diluted basis) in
priceline.com, subject to certain limitations. There can be no assurance that
Cheung Kong (Holdings) Limited, Hutchison Whampoa Limited, or both, will not
make another request for registration and dispose of all or substantially all of
our common stock held by them at any time after the effectiveness of a shelf
registration statement. Sales of significant amounts of shares

                                       17
<Page>

held by Cheung Kong (Holdings) Limited or Hutchison Whampoa Limited, or the
prospect of these sales, could adversely affect the market price of our common
stock.

          WE RELY ON THIRD-PARTY SYSTEMS

          We rely on certain third-party computer systems and third-party
service providers, including the computerized central reservation systems of the
airline, hotel and rental car industries to satisfy demand for airline tickets
and hotel room reservations. In particular, our travel business is substantially
dependent upon the computerized reservation system of Worldspan, L.P., an
operator of a database for the travel industry. Any interruption in these
third-party services systems, including Worldspan, L.P.'s, or deterioration in
their performance could prevent us from booking airline, hotel and rental car
reservations and have a material adverse effect on our business. Our agreements
with third-party service providers are terminable upon short notice and often do
not provide recourse for service interruptions. In the event our arrangement
with any of such third parties is terminated, we may not be able to find an
alternative source of systems support on a timely basis or on commercially
reasonable terms and, as a result, it could have a material adverse effect on
our business, results of operations and financial condition.

          Substantially all of our computer hardware for operating our services
is currently located at Cable & Wireless plc. in Jersey City, New Jersey. If
Cable & Wireless is unable, for any reason, to support our primary web hosting
facility, we would need to activate our secondary site at AT&T which would be a
substantial burden to us and have a material adverse effect on our business,
results of operations and financial condition.

          Some of our communications infrastructure is provided by WorldCom,
Inc. which has filed for bankruptcy protection. If WorldCom, Inc. is unable, for
any reason, to support the communications infrastructure that it provides us,
instabilities in our systems could increase until such time as we were able to
replace its services.

          While we do maintain redundant systems and hosting services, it is
possible that we could experience an interruption in our business, and we do not
carry business interruption insurance sufficient to compensate us for losses
that may occur.

          CAPACITY CONSTRAINTS AND SYSTEM FAILURES COULD HARM OUR BUSINESS

          Substantial amounts of our computer hardware for operating our
services currently is located at the facilities of Cable & Wireless plc. in New
Jersey. These systems and operations are vulnerable to damage or interruption
from human error, floods, fires, power loss, telecommunication failures and
similar events. They are also subject to break-ins, sabotage, intentional acts
of vandalism and similar misconduct. Despite any precautions we may take, the
occurrence of a natural disaster or other unanticipated problems at the Cable &
Wireless facility could result in lengthy interruptions in our services. In
addition, the failure by Cable & Wireless to provide our required data
communications capacity could result in interruptions in our service. Any system
failure that causes an interruption in service or decreases the responsiveness
of the priceline.com service could impair our reputation, damage our brand name
and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and
financial condition.

          If our systems cannot be expanded to cope with increased demand or
fails to perform, we could experience:

               -    unanticipated disruptions in service;

               -    slower response times;

               -    decreased customer service and customer satisfaction; or

                                       18
<Page>

               -    delays in the introduction of new products and services;

any of which could impair our reputation, damage the priceline.com brand and
materially and adversely affect our revenues. Publicity about a service
disruption also could cause a material decline in our stock price.

          Like many online businesses, we have experienced system failures from
time to time. For example, in May 2001, our primary website was interrupted for
a period of 12 hours. In addition to placing increased burdens on our
engineering staff, these outages create a significant amount of user questions
and complaints that need to be addressed by our customer support personnel. Any
unscheduled interruption in our service could result in an immediate loss of
revenues that can be substantial and may cause some users to switch to our
competitors. If we experience frequent or persistent system failures, our
reputation and brand could be permanently harmed. We have been taking steps to
increase the reliability and redundancy of our system. These steps are
expensive, may reduce our margins and may not be successful in reducing the
frequency or duration of unscheduled downtime.

          We use internally developed systems to operate the priceline.com
service, including transaction processing and order management systems that were
designed to be scaleable. However, if the number of users of the priceline.com
service increases substantially, we will need to significantly expand and
upgrade our technology, transaction processing systems and network
infrastructure. We do not know whether we will be able to accurately project the
rate or timing of any such increases, or expand and upgrade our systems and
infrastructure to accommodate such increases in a timely manner.

          OUR SUCCESS DEPENDS ON OUR ABILITY TO PROTECT OUR INTELLECTUAL
PROPERTY

          We regard our intellectual property as critical to our success, and we
rely on trademark, copyright and patent law, trade secret protection and
confidentiality and/or license agreements with our employees, customers,
partners and others to protect our proprietary rights. If we are not successful
in protecting our intellectual property, it could have a material adverse effect
on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

          While we believe that our issued patents and pending patent
applications help to protect our business, there can be no assurance that:

               -    any patent can be successfully defended against challenges
                    by third parties;

               -    pending patent applications will result in the issuance of
                    patents;

               -    competitors or potential competitors of priceline.com will
                    not devise new methods of competing with us that are not
                    covered by our patents or patent applications;

               -    because of variations in the application of our business
                    model to each of our products and services, our patents will
                    be effective in preventing one or more third parties from
                    utilizing a copycat business model to offer the same product
                    or service in one or more categories;

               -    new prior art will not be discovered which may diminish the
                    value of or invalidate an issued patent; or

               -    a third party will not have or obtain one or more patents
                    that prevent us from practicing features of our business or
                    require us to pay for a license to use those features.

                                       19
<Page>

          There has been recent discussion in the press regarding the
examination and issuance of so called "business-method" patents. As a result,
the United States Patent and Trademark Office has indicated that it intends to
intensify the review process applicable to such patent applications. The new
procedures are not expected to have a direct effect on patents already granted.
We cannot anticipate what effect, if any, the new review process will have on
our pending patent applications.

          We pursue the registration of our trademarks and service marks in the
U.S. and internationally. However, effective trademark, service mark, copyright
and trade secret protection may not be available in every country in which our
services are made available online. We have licensed in the past, and expect to
license in the future, certain of our proprietary rights, such as trademarks or
copyrighted material, to third parties. These licensees may take actions that
might diminish the value of our proprietary rights or harm our reputation.

          LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

          We are a party to the legal proceedings described in Note 16 to our
Consolidated Financial Statements and Part I, Item 3 of this Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2002. The defense of the actions
described in Note 16 may increase our expenses and an adverse outcome in any of
such actions could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of
operations and financial condition.

          WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO KEEP UP WITH RAPID TECHNOLOGICAL AND OTHER
CHANGES

          The markets in which we compete are characterized by rapidly changing
technology, evolving industry standards, frequent new service and product
announcements, introductions and enhancements and changing consumer demands. We
may not be able to keep up with these rapid changes. In addition, these market
characteristics are heightened by the emerging nature of the Internet and the
apparent need of companies from many industries to offer Internet-based products
and services. As a result, our future success will depend on our ability to
adapt to rapidly changing technologies, to adapt our services to evolving
industry standards and to continually improve the performance, features and
reliability of our service in response to competitive service and product
offerings and the evolving demands of the marketplace. In addition, the
widespread adoption of new Internet, networking or telecommunications
technologies or other technological changes could require us to incur
substantial expenditures to modify or adapt our services or infrastructure.

          OUR STOCK PRICE IS HIGHLY VOLATILE

          The market price of our common stock is highly volatile and is likely
to continue to be subject to wide fluctuations in response to factors such as
the following, some of which are beyond our control:

               -    quarterly variations in our operating results;

               -    operating results that vary from the expectations of
                    securities analysts and investors;

               -    changes in expectations as to our future financial
                    performance, including financial estimates by securities
                    analysts and investors;

               -    changes in our capital structure;

               -    changes in market valuations of other Internet or online
                    service companies;

               -    announcements of technological innovations or new services
                    by us or our competitors;

                                       20
<Page>

               -    announcements by us or our competitors of significant
                    contracts, acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint
                    ventures or capital commitments;

               -    loss of a major seller participant, such as an airline or
                    hotel chain;

               -    changes in the status of our intellectual property rights;

               -    lack of success in the expansion of our business model
                    horizontally or geographically;

               -    announcements by third parties of significant claims or
                    proceedings against us or adverse developments in pending
                    proceedings;

               -    additions or departures of key personnel; and

               -    stock market price and volume fluctuations.

          Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock could
adversely affect the market price of our common stock by introducing a large
number of sellers to the market. Given the volatility that exists for our
shares, such sales could cause the market price of our common stock to decline.

          In addition, the trading prices of Internet company stocks in general,
including ours, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations. To the
extent that the public's perception of the prospects of Internet or e-commerce
companies is negative, our stock price could decline further regardless of our
results. Other broad market and industry factors may decrease the market price
of our common stock, regardless of our operating performance. Market
fluctuations, as well as general political and economic conditions, such as a
recession or interest rate or currency rate fluctuations, also may decrease the
market price of our common stock. The market value of e-commerce stocks has
declined dramatically recently based on profitability and other concerns. The
recent declines in the value of our common stock and market conditions could
adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital.

          We are defendants in a number of securities class action litigations.
In the past, securities class action litigation often has been brought against a
company following periods of volatility in the market price of its securities.
To the extent our stock price declines or is volatile, we may in the future be
the target of additional litigation. Securities and other litigation could
result in substantial costs and divert management's attention and resources. See
Part I, Item 3 - Legal Proceedings

                                       21
<Page>

          REGULATORY AND LEGAL UNCERTAINTIES COULD HARM OUR BUSINESS

          The products and services we offer through the priceline.com service
are regulated by federal and state governments. Our ability to provide such
products and services is and will continue to be affected by such regulations.
The implementation of unfavorable regulations or unfavorable interpretations of
existing regulations by courts or regulatory bodies could require us to incur
significant compliance costs, cause the development of the affected markets to
become impractical and otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business,
results of operations and financial condition.

          THE PRICELINE.COM WEBSITE. We maintain a website with the address
www.priceline.com. We are not including the information contained on our website
as a part of, or incorporating it by reference into, this Annual Report on Form
10-K. We make available free of charge through our website our Annual Reports on
Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K, and
amendments to these reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after we
electronically file such material with, or furnish such material to, the
Securities and Exchange Commission.

ITEM 2.  PROPERTIES

          Our executive, administrative, operating offices and network
operations center are located in approximately 92,000 square feet of leased
office space located in Norwalk, Connecticut. Our call center is located in
Columbus, Ohio where we lease approximately 12,000 square feet of leased office
and warehouse space. In addition, we currently lease approximately 47,000 square
feet in another location in Wilton, Connecticut that is primarily unoccupied and
that we intend to vacate in April 2003 in accordance with the terms of the
lease. We also have a lease for approximately 2,500 square feet of office space
in New York City. Priceline.com europe Ltd. leases approximately 290 square feet
of office space in Staines, England. We do not own any real estate as of March
17, 2003.

ITEM 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

          On January 6, 1999, we received notice that a third party patent
applicant and patent attorney, Thomas G. Woolston, purportedly had filed in
December 1998 with the United States Patent and Trademark Office a request to
declare an interference between a patent application filed by Woolston and our
U.S. Patent 5,794,207. We are currently awaiting information from the Patent
Office regarding whether it will initiate an interference proceeding.

          Subsequent to our announcement on September 27, 2000 that revenues for
the third quarter 2000 would not meet expectations, we were served with the
following putative class action complaints:

               -   Weingarten v. priceline.com Incorporated
                   and Jay S. Walker
                   3:00 CV 1901 (District of Connecticut).
               -   Twardy v. priceline.com Inc.,
                   Richard S. Braddock, Daniel H. Schulman and Jay S. Walker
                   3:00 CV 1884 (District of Connecticut).
               -   Berdakina v. priceline.com Inc.,
                   Richard S. Braddock, Daniel H. Schulman and Jay S. Walker
                   3:00 CV 1902 (District of Connecticut).
               -   Mazzo v. priceline.com Inc.,
                   Richard S. Braddock, Daniel H. Schulman and Jay S. Walker
                   3:00 CV 1924 (District of Connecticut).
               -   Fialkov v. priceline.com Inc.,
                   Richard S. Braddock, Daniel H. Schulman and Jay S. Walker
                   3:00 CV 1954 (District of Connecticut).
               -   Licht v. priceline.com Incorporated and

                                       22
<Page>

                   Jay S. Walker 3:00 CV 2049 (District of Connecticut).
               -   Ayach v. priceline.com Inc.,
                   Richard S. Braddock, Daniel H. Schulman and Jay S. Walker
                   3:00 CV 2062 (District of Connecticut).
               -   Zia v. priceline.com Inc.,
                   Richard S. Braddock, Daniel H. Schulman and Jay S. Walker
                   3:00 CV 1968 (District of Connecticut).
               -   Mazzo v. priceline.com Inc.,
                   Richard S. Braddock, Daniel H. Schulman and Jay S. Walker
                   3:00 CV 1980 (District of Connecticut).
               -   Bazag v. priceline.com Inc.,
                   Richard S. Braddock, Daniel H. Schulman and Jay S. Walker
                   3:00 CV 2122 (District of Connecticut).
               -   Breier v. priceline.com Inc.,
                   Richard S. Braddock, Daniel H. Schulman and Jay S. Walker
                   3:00 CV 2146 (District of Connecticut).
               -   Farzam et al. v. priceline.com Inc.,
                   Richard S. Braddock, Daniel H. Schulman and Jay S. Walker
                   3:00 CV 2176 (District of Connecticut).
               -   Caswell v. priceline.com Inc.,
                   Richard S. Braddock, Daniel H. Schulman and Jay S. Walker
                   3:00 CV 2169 (District of Connecticut).
               -   Howard Gunty Profit Sharing Plan v. priceline.com Inc.
                   Richard S. Braddock, Daniel H. Schulman and Jay S. Walker
                   3:00 CV 1917 (District of Connecticut).
               -   Cerelli v. priceline.com Inc.,
                   Richard S. Braddock, Daniel H. Schulman and Jay S. Walker
                   3:00 CV 1918 (District of Connecticut)
               -   Mayer v. priceline.com Inc.,
                   Richard S. Braddock, Daniel H. Schulman and Jay S. Walker
                   3:00 CV 1923 (District of Connecticut)
               -   Anish v. priceline.com Inc.,
                   Richard S. Braddock, Daniel H. Schulman and Jay S. Walker
                   3:00 CV 1948 (District of Connecticut)
               -   Atkin v. priceline.com Inc.,
                   Richard S. Braddock, Daniel H. Schulman and Jay S. Walker
                   3:00 CV 1994 (District of Connecticut).
               -   Lyon v. priceline.com Inc.,
                   Richard S. Braddock, Daniel H. Schulman and Jay S. Walker
                   3:00 CV 2066 (District of Connecticut).
               -   Kwan v. priceline.com Inc.,
                   Richard S. Braddock, Daniel H. Schulman and Jay S. Walker
                   3:00 CV 2069 (District of Connecticut).
               -   Krim v. priceline.com Inc.,
                   Richard S. Braddock, Daniel H. Schulman and Jay S. Walker
                   3:00 CV 2083 (District of Connecticut).
               -   Karas v. priceline.com Inc.,
                   Richard S. Braddock, Daniel H. Schulman and Jay S. Walker
                   3:00 CV 2232 (District of Connecticut).
               -   Michols v. priceline.com Inc.,
                   Richard S. Braddock, Daniel H. Schulman and Jay S. Walker
                   3:00 CV 2280 (District of Connecticut).

                                       23
<Page>

          All of these cases have been assigned to Judge Dominick J. Squatrito.
On September 12, 2001, Judge Squatrito ordered that these cases be consolidated
under the Master File No. 3:00cv1884 (DJS), and he designated lead plaintiffs
and lead plaintiffs' counsel. On October 29, 2001, plaintiffs served a
Consolidated Amended Complaint. On February 5, 2002, Amerindo Investment
Advisors, Inc., who is one of the lead plaintiffs in the consolidated action,
made a motion for leave to withdraw as lead plaintiff. The court has yet to rule
on that motion. On February 28, 2002, we filed a motion to dismiss the
Consolidated Amended Complaint. That motion has been fully briefed. The Court
has yet to rule on that motion. On July 26 and August 1, 2002, the Court issued
scheduling orders concerning pretrial proceedings. We intend to defend
vigorously against this action.

          In addition, we have been served with a complaint that purports to be
a shareholder derivative action against our Board of Directors and certain of
our current and former executive officers, as well as us (as a nominal
defendant). The complaint alleges breach of fiduciary duty and waste of
corporate assets. The action is captioned Mark Zimmerman v. Richard Braddock, J.
Walker, D. Schulman, P. Allaire, R. Bahna, P. Blackney, W. Ford, M. Loeb, N.
Nicholas, N. Peretsman, and priceline.com Incorporated 18473-NC (Court of
Chancery of Delaware, County of New Castle, State of Delaware). On February 6,
2001, all defendants moved to dismiss the complaint for failure to make a demand
upon the Board of Directors and failure to state a cause of action upon which
relief can be granted. Pursuant to a stipulation by the parties, an amended
complaint was filed on June 21, 2001. Defendants renewed their motion to dismiss
on August 20, 2001, and plaintiff served his opposition to that motion on
October 26, 2001. Defendants filed their reply brief on January 7, 2002. On
December 20, 2002, the Court granted Defendants' motion without prejudice.
Plaintiffs have until March 27, 2003, to file an amended complaint. We intend to
defend vigorously against this action.

          On March 16, March 26, April 27, and June 5, 2001, respectively, four
putative class action complaints were filed in the U.S. District Court for the
Southern District of New York naming priceline.com, Inc., Richard S. Braddock,
Jay Walker, Paul Francis, Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Co., Merrill Lynch,
Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc., BancBoston Robertson Stephens, Inc. and Salomon
Smith Barney, Inc. as defendants (01 Civ. 2261, 01 Civ. 2576, 01 Civ. 3590 and
01 Civ. 4956). Shives ET AL. v. Bank of America Securities LLC ET AL., 01 Civ.
4956, also names other defendants and states claims unrelated to us. The
complaints allege, among other things, that priceline.com and the individual
defendants named in the complaints violated the federal securities laws by
issuing and selling priceline.com common stock in priceline.com's March 1999
initial public offering without disclosing to investors that some of the
underwriters in the offering, including the lead underwriters, had allegedly
solicited and received excessive and undisclosed commissions from certain
investors. By Orders of Judge Mukasey and Judge Scheindlin dated August 8, 2001,
these cases were consolidated for pre-trial purposes with hundreds of other
cases, which contain allegations concerning the allocation of shares in the
initial public offerings of companies other than priceline.com, Inc. By Order of
Judge Scheindlin dated August 14, 2001, the following cases were consolidated
for all purposes: 01 Civ. 2261; 01 Civ. 2576; and 01 Civ. 3590. On April 19,
2002, plaintiffs filed a Consolidated Amended Class Action Complaint in these
cases. This Consolidated Amended Class Action Complaint makes similar
allegations to those described above but with respect to both our March 1999
initial public offering and our August 1999 second public offering of common
stock. The named defendants are priceline.com, Inc., Richard S. Braddock, Jay S.
Walker, Paul E. Francis, Nancy B. Peretsman, Timothy G. Brier, Morgan Stanley
Dean Witter & Co., Goldman Sachs & Co., Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith,
Inc., Robertson Stephens, Inc. (as successor-in-interest to BancBoston), Credit
Suisse First Boston Corp. (as successor-in-interest to Donaldson Lufkin &
Jenrette Securities Corp.), Allen & Co., Inc. and Salomon Smith Barney, Inc.
Priceline, Richard Braddock, Jay Walker, Paul Francis, Nancy Peretsman, and
Timothy Brier, together with other issuer defendants in the consolidated
litigation, filed a joint motion to dismiss on July 15, 2002. On November 18,
2002, the cases against the individual defendants were dismissed without
prejudice and without costs. In addition, counsel for plaintiffs and the
individual defendants executed Reservation of Rights and Tolling Agreements,
which toll the statutes of limitations on plaintiffs' claims against those
individuals. On February 19, 2003, Judge Scheindlin issued an Opinion and Order
granting

                                       24
<Page>

in part and denying in part that motion. None of the claims against us were
dismissed. We intend to defend vigorously against these actions.

          From time to time, we have been and expect to continue to be subject
to legal proceedings and claims in the ordinary course of business, including
claims of alleged infringement of third party intellectual property rights by
us. Such claims, even if not meritorious, could result in the expenditure of
significant financial and managerial resources and could adversely affect our
results of operations and business.

ITEM 4.  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

          No matters were submitted for a vote of stockholders of priceline.com
during the fourth quarter of the year ended December 31, 2002.

                                       25
<Page>

                                     PART II

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT'S COMMON STOCK AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

PRICE RANGE OF COMMON STOCK

          Our common stock has been quoted on the Nasdaq National Market under
the symbol "PCLN" since our initial public offering on March 29, 1999. Prior to
such time, there was no public market for our common stock. The following table
sets forth, for the periods indicated, the high and low closing sales prices per
share of the common stock as reported on the Nasdaq National Market:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                           HIGH           LOW
                                                           ----           ---
<S>                                                     <C>            <C>
2003

January 1 to March 17............................       $     1.67     $    1.16

2002

First Quarter....................................       $     6.32     $    3.67
Second Quarter...................................             5.27          2.79
Third Quarter....................................             2.75          1.46
Fourth Quarter...................................             2.32          1.10

2001

First Quarter....................................       $     3.50     $    1.41
Second Quarter...................................             9.05          2.53
Third Quarter....................................             9.91          2.03
Fourth Quarter...................................             6.26          3.42
</Table>

HOLDERS

          As of March 17, 2003, there were approximately 1,276 stockholders of
record of priceline.com's common stock, although we believe that there are a
significantly larger number of beneficial owners.

DIVIDEND POLICY

          We have not declared or paid any cash dividends on our capital stock
since our inception and do not expect to pay any cash dividends for the
foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain future earnings, if any, to
finance the expansion of our business. Under the terms of the certificate of
designation relating to our Series B Preferred Stock, we cannot issue any
dividends on shares of our common stock unless full cumulative dividends have
been paid on the Series B Preferred Stock for all dividend periods ending on or
prior to the proposed date of payment of a dividend on our common stock.

RECENT SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES

          On January 29, 2002, Delta Air Lines, Inc. notified us that they were
exercising warrants to purchase 4.0 million shares of priceline.com common
stock. The warrants were issued to Delta in February 2001 in connection with
Delta's exchange of priceline.com Series A Convertible Redeemable PIK Preferred
Stock for Series B Redeemable Preferred Stock. As required by the terms of the
warrants, Delta exercised the warrants by surrendering 11,875 shares of Series B
Preferred Stock. As a result, on January 29, 2002, after giving effect to the
exercise of the warrants, there were 13,470 shares of Series B Preferred Stock
outstanding having an aggregate liquidation preference of approximately $13.5
million.

                                       26
<Page>

As a result of this exercise, the Series B Preferred Stock will pay dividends of
approximately 242,000 shares of priceline.com common stock semi-annually. In
connection with the sale of the shares issued upon exercise of the warrants, we
relied upon Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. See Note 11
to our Consolidated Financial Statements.

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION

                                                                                                 NUMBER OF SECURITIES
                                                                                                REMAINING AVAILABLE FOR
                                             NUMBER OF SECURITIES       WEIGHTED-AVERAGE         FUTURE ISSUANCE UNDER
                                               TO BE ISSUED UPON        EXERCISE PRICE OF         EQUITY COMPENSATION
                                                  EXERCISE OF              OUTSTANDING              PLANS (EXCLUDING
                                             OUTSTANDING OPTIONS,       OPTIONS, WARRANTS       SECURITIES REFLECTED IN
PLAN CATEGORY                                 WARRANTS AND RIGHTS           AND RIGHTS                COLUMN (a))
-----------------------------------------   ----------------------     -------------------     -------------------------
                                                       (a)                     (b)                        (c)
<S>                                                <C>                      <C>                       <C>
Equity compensation plans approved
by security holders...................                      -               $      -                           -

Equity compensation plans not approved
by security holders(1).......                      52,770,857(2)            $  21.21                  13,090,010

                                            ----------------------     -------------------     -------------------------
Total:................................             57,770,857               $  21.21                  13,090,010
                                            ======================     ===================     =========================
</Table>

          (1) In May and April of 2001 and 2000, respectively, the Company's
stockholders approved amendments to the 1999 Plan.

          (2) Includes (i) 7,330,567 shares of Common Stock which may be
issued upon exercise of stock options outstanding under the Company's 1997
Omnibus Plan (the "1997 Plan"), (ii) 17,748,296 shares of Common Stock which
may be issued upon exercise of stock options outstanding under the Company's
1999 Omnibus Plan (the "1999 Plan"), (iii) 3,979,795 shares of Common Stock
which may be issued upon exercise of stock options outstanding under the
Company's 2000 Employee Stock Option Plan (the "2000 Plan"), (iv) 500,000
shares of Common Stock which may be issued upon exercise of a stock option
granted to Robert Mylod, the Company's current Chief Financial Officer, in
November 2000 (the "Mylod Option"), (v) 4,537,199 shares of Common Stock
which may be issued upon exercise of warrants issued to Delta Airlines in
February 2001 (the "Delta Warrant"), (vi) 1,000,000 shares of Common Stock
which may be issued upon exercise of warrants issued to Continental Airlines
in July 1999 (the "Continental Warrants") and (vii) 17,675,000 shares of
Common Stock which may be issued upon exercise of warrants issued to major
domestic airlines in November 1999 (the "Other Airline Warrants").

          The 1997 Plan and the 1999 Plan each provide for the granting of
awards to officers, other employees, consultants and directors of the Company
and its affiliates. Awards may be made in the form of stock options,
restricted stock or other awards. The maximum number of shares of Common
Stock which may be issued under the 1997 Plan and the 1999 Plan is currently
23,875,000 and 35,375,000 shares, respectively (subject to adjustment as
provided in the respective plans). Options issued under the 1997 Plan and the
1999 Plan generally become exercisable in equal installments over a
three-year term and expire ten years after the date of grant. All stock
options issued under the 1999 Plan must have an exercise price at least equal
to the fair market value of the Company's Common Stock on the date of grant.

          The 2000 Plan provides for the issuance of stock options to
employees and consultants of the Company and its affiliates. The maximum
number of shares of Common Stock which may be issued under the 2000 Plan is
currently 6,000,000 shares (subject to adjustment as provided in the plan).
Options issued under 2000 Plan generally become exercisable in equal
installments over a three-year term and expire ten years after the date of
grant. All options issued under the 2000 Plan must have an exercise price at
least equal to the fair market value of the Company's Common Stock on the
date of grant.

          In February 2000, the Company adopted a plan (the "Miller Plan"),
pursuant to which it authorized the issuance of options to acquire 2,500,000
shares of the Company's common stock to Heidi G. Miller, the Company's former
Chief Financial Officer. The Company actually granted 1,625,000 options under
the Miller Plan, of which all were subsequently forfeited, and not available
for issuance to anyone other than Ms. Miller.

          Pursuant to the Mylod Option, Mr. Mylod has the right to acquire up
to 500,000 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of $2.44 per share.
The Mylod Option is fully vested and is exercisable until November 19, 2010.

          The Delta Warrants provide for an exercise price of $2.97 per
share, provided, that, Delta may also exercise the Delta Warrants by
surrendering shares of the Company's Series B Redeemable Preferred Stock. If,
however, the closing sales price of the Company's Common Stock has exceeded
$8.91 (subject to adjustment) for 20 consecutive trading days, the Delta
Warrants will automatically be exercised.  In such event, the exercise price
will be paid by surrendering shares of Series B Redeemable Preferred Stock.
The Delta Warrants are exercisable at any time prior to February 6, 2007.
Please see note 12 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for more
information about the Delta Warrants.

          The Continental Warrants are exercisable upon the earlier to occur
of July 15, 2004 or the Company's achievement of certain performance
thresholds described in the Continental Warrant, at an exercise price of
$59.93 per share.

          The Other Airline Warrants provide for exercise prices ranging from
$52.63 to $59.93 per share. These warrants are not exercisable until November
2005, subject to acceleration under certain circumstances described in the
warrants.

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

                             SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

          The following selected consolidated financial data presented below are
derived from the Consolidated Financial Statements and related Notes of the
Company, and should be read in connection with those statements, some of which
are included herein. All share and per share amounts have been adjusted to
reflect the 1.25:1 stock split during 1999.

                                       27
<Page>

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                          YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                      2002           2001           2000           1999           1998
                                                  ------------   ------------   ------------   ------------   ------------
                                                                  (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)
<S>                                               <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>
Consolidated Statement of Operations Data:
Revenues:
   Travel .....................................   $    996,815   $  1,162,223   $  1,217,160   $    480,979   $     35,224
   Other.......................................          6,791          9,530         18,236          1,431             13
                                                  ------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total revenues.................................      1,003,606      1,171,753      1,235,396        482,410         35,237
                                                  ------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cost of revenues:
   Travel......................................        844,142        976,035      1,040,306        424,579         36,525
   Other.......................................          1,098          2,812          2,921              -              -
                                                  ------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total costs of revenues........................        845,240        978,847      1,043,227        424,579         36,525
                                                  ------------------------------------------------------------------------
Gross profit...................................        158,366        192,906        192,169         57,831         (1,288)
                                                  ------------------------------------------------------------------------
Operating expenses:
    Sales and marketing........................         82,741        115,366        148,133         79,577         24,388
    General and administrative (including
    $120, $909, $8,788 and $1,812 of option ...
    payroll taxes in 2002, 2001, 2000 and 1999,
    respectively) .............................         29,273         29,568         60,982         27,609         18,004
   Stock based compensation....................          1,000         16,508          1,711              -              -
   Systems and business development............         40,964         41,293         39,192         14,023         11,132
   Special charge (reversal)...................           (200)        (1,218)        34,824              -              -
   Restructuring charge (reversal).............          3,738           (136)        32,006              -              -
   Severance charge (reversal).................            (55)         5,412              -              -              -
   Impairment charge...........................         24,229              -              -              -              -
   Warrant costs, net..........................              -              -          8,595        998,832         57,979
   Write-off of WebHouse warrant...............              -              -        189,000              -              -
                                                  ------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Total operating expenses....................        181,690        206,793        514,443      1,120,041        111,503
                                                  ------------------------------------------------------------------------
Operating loss.................................        (23,324)       (13,887)      (322,274)    (1,062,210)      (112,791)
Other income...................................          4,140          6,584          7,129          7,120            548
                                                  ------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net loss.......................................        (19,184)        (7,303)      (315,145)    (1,055,090)      (112,243)
Preferred stock dividend.......................         (2,344)        (8,563)       (14,382)             -              -
Accretion on preferred stock...................              -              -              -         (8,354)        (2,183)
                                                  ------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net loss applicable to common stockholders ....   $    (21,528)  $    (15,866)  $   (329,527)  $ (1,063,444)  $   (114,426)
                                                  ========================================================================
Net loss applicable to common stockholders
per basic and diluted common share ............   $      (0.09)  $      (0.08)  $      (1.97)  $      (7.90)  $      (1.41)
                                                  ========================================================================
Weighted average number of basic and diluted
common shares outstanding .....................        227,283        205,000        166,952        134,622         81,231
                                                  ========================================================================
</Table>

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                             AS OF DECEMBER 31,
                                                      2002           2001           2000           1999           1998
                                                  ------------   ------------   ------------   ------------   ------------
                                                                               (IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                               <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>
Consolidated Balance Sheet Data:
Cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments
and restricted cash ...........................   $    149,584   $    164,608   $    106,018   $    177,299   $     53,903
Working capital................................        104,241         98,015         51,925        172,489         49,922
Total assets...................................        211,162        262,190        195,078        441,886         66,572
Long-term obligations and redeemable
preferred stock ...............................         14,185         28,183        364,688              -          1,015
Total liabilities..............................         66,042         90,134         84,405         39,250         11,296
Total stockholders' equity.....................        131,650        146,711       (248,907)       402,636         55,279
</Table>

                                       28
<Page>

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS

          THE FOLLOWING DISCUSSION SHOULD BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH OUR
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, INCLUDING THE NOTES TO THOSE STATEMENTS,
INCLUDED ELSEWHERE IN THIS ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K, AND THE LEAD-IN
IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING PART I OF THIS ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K. AS DISCUSSED IN
MORE DETAIL IN THE LEAD-IN IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING PART I OF THIS ANNUAL REPORT ON
FORM 10-K, THIS DISCUSSION CONTAINS FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS WHICH INVOLVE
RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES. OUR ACTUAL RESULTS MAY DIFFER MATERIALLY FROM THE
RESULTS DISCUSSED IN THE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS. FACTORS THAT MIGHT CAUSE
THOSE DIFFERENCES INCLUDE, BUT ARE NOT LIMITED TO, THOSE DISCUSSED IN "FACTORS
THAT MAY AFFECT FUTURE RESULTS."

          OVERVIEW

          We have pioneered a unique e-commerce pricing system known as a
"demand collection system" that enables consumers to use the Internet to save
money on products and services while enabling sellers to generate incremental
revenue. Using a simple and compelling consumer proposition - NAME YOUR OWN
PRICE(R) - we collect consumer demand, in the form of individual customer
offers, for a particular product or service at a price set by the customer. We
then access databases or, in some instances, communicate that demand to
participating sellers to determine whether we can fulfill the customer's offer.
For most of these transactions, we establish the price we will accept, have
total discretion in supplier selection, purchase and take title to the
particular product and are the merchant of record. Consumers agree to hold their
offers open for a specified period of time and, once fulfilled, offers generally
cannot be canceled. We benefit consumers by enabling them to save money, while
at the same time benefiting sellers by providing them with an effective revenue
management tool capable of identifying and capturing incremental revenues. By
requiring consumers to be flexible with respect to brands, sellers and product
features, we enable sellers to generate incremental revenue without disrupting
their existing distribution channels or retail pricing structures.

          Our business model and brand are currently, through us or independent
licensees, supporting several products and service offerings, including the
following:

               -    leisure airline tickets, provided by 9 domestic and 26
                    international airline participants, and travel insurance;

               -    hotel rooms, in substantially all major United States
                    markets with more than 50 national hotel chains, and in a
                    limited number of markets outside the United States;

               -    rental cars, in substantially all major United States
                    airport markets with five leading rental car chains as
                    participants;

               -    home financing services, in substantially all major United
                    States markets, which includes home mortgage services, home
                    equity loans and refinancing services;

               -    fixed-price cruises and cruise packages, through a third
                    party that accesses major cruise lines; and

               -    vacation packages, in many United States and certain
                    international markets.

          In certain instances, we have licensed the priceline.com name and
demand collection system to third parties to offer a particular product or
service (HOME FINANCING) or to offer a number of products or services in a
distinct international region (ASIA). Pursuant to these licensee transactions,
we generally

                                       29
<Page>

receive a royalty under the license and may also receive fees for services and
reimbursement of certain expenses. We also hold a significant percentage of
equity in such entities.

          In the days following the commencement of the military conflict with
Iraq on March 19, 2003, we experienced a substantial decline in demand for our
travel products and an increase in customer service costs and ticket refunds and
cancellations. At this time, we cannot forecast the extent to which our travel
business will be affected by the war with Iraq. However, a prolonged conflict
could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and
financial condition. See "FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT FUTURE RESULTS - OUR BUSINESS
HAS BEEN NEGATIVELY IMPACTED BY THE WAR IN IRAQ AND COULD BE FURTHER DAMAGED BY
TERRORIST ATTACKS OR THE FEAR OF FUTURE TERRORIST ATTACKS."

          Our overall financial prospects are significantly dependent upon our
sale of leisure airline tickets and, as a result, the health of our business is
directly related to the health of the airline industry. The domestic airline
industry has experienced significant revenue declines since the beginning of
2001 and most domestic airlines, and many of our major suppliers, are
experiencing significant losses which we expect to be worsened by the war in
Iraq. If the major airlines are unable to stem these losses, additional
bankruptcy filings by major airlines are likely. See "FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT
FUTURE RESULTS - THE BANKRUPTCY, DISCONTINUANCE OR CONSOLIDATION OF OUR
SUPPLIERS COULD HARM OUR BUSINESS."

          Since the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001, and, more recently,
following the outbreak of war with Iraq, the major airlines have grounded
portions of their fleets, significantly reducing the number of available airline
seats, and have deeply discounted retail airline tickets to stimulate demand.
These actions have had a detrimental effect on our business. Deep retail
discounting by the airlines affects our demand and our "bind rate" (the
percentage of unique offers that we ultimately fulfill) by hurting our value
proposition and making users less willing to accept the trade-offs associated
with our opaque leisure airline tickets. In addition, decreased airline capacity
hurts our business by reducing the levels of inventory available to us and
increasing our cost of inventory. While we did not see a deterioration in
average offer price from customers during 2002, offer prices have not kept pace
with the increase in our cost of inventory and are, therefore, lower in
proportion to our average cost of supply, negatively affecting our bind rate.

          We believe that over time, our lower bind rate may also negatively
impact demand for our airline tickets. The war in Iraq, lingering effects of
September 11, 2001, continued aggressive discounting by the airlines,
competition from other on-line distribution channels and low-cost carriers, and
uncertainty regarding our domestic economy and additional or protracted
hostilities in the Middle East or elsewhere, we believe have, and may continue
to, negatively impact our airline ticket demand into 2003.

          As a result, near term forecasting is very difficult and we are not
currently forecasting a recovery in the airline industry or an improvement
during 2003 in our airline ticketing business.

          Another important trend in our industry is the growing number of
travel providers competing for share in the online travel market. Consumers have
accepted the idea that the Internet is an important tool in researching travel
plans and destinations and a secure, convenient and cost effective way to make
travel reservations. As a result, the number of companies focusing on and
exclusively providing these services is growing. As competition in this
marketplace has increased, and continues to do so, we have seen, and expect to
continue to see, downward margin pressure. See "FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT FUTURE
RESULTS--INTENSE COMPETITION COULD REDUCE OUR MARKET SHARE AND HARM OUR
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE."

          We intend to combat these trends by continuing to develop our non-air
business, in particular our hotel business, for which demand and bind remains
relatively strong, continuing to evaluate and implement ways to improve offer
quality and our bind rate, diversifying our revenue among non-opaque products
(such as retail travel products offered through our wholly-owned subsidiary,
Lowestfare.com) and broadening our customer appeal through marketing efforts
relating to both priceline.com and Lowestfare.com. However, further terrorist
attacks, hostilities in the Middle East, the insolvency of a

                                       30
<Page>

major domestic airline now in bankruptcy, the bankruptcy of an additional
carrier or the withdrawal from our system of a major airline or hotel supplier
could adversely affect our business and results of operations.

          A number of travel suppliers, particularly airlines, have indicated
publicly that, as part of an effort to reduce distribution costs, they intend to
reduce their dependence over time on what they view to be "expensive"
distribution channels such as global distribution systems (GDSs). A number of
travel suppliers have reached agreements with travel distributors that require
rebates of all or part of the fees received from the GDS. Additionally, travel
suppliers are encouraging distributors, such as us, to develop technology
enabling direct connections therefore bypassing the GDS. Development of direct
connection technology would require the use of information technology resources
and could cause us to incur additional operating expenses and delay other
projects. We have been and believe that we will continue to be under pressure
from travel suppliers to rebate all or part of the travel booking fees we
receive from Worldspan, L.P. To the extent that we are required to rebate travel
booking fees we currently receive from our GDS to travel suppliers, and are
unable to recover such amounts by charging customers, it could have a material
adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
In addition, in March 2003, a corporation newly formed by Citigroup Venture
Capital Equity Partners L.P. and Teachers' Merchant Bank, agreed to purchase
Worldspan, L.P. from its airline owners. It is unclear what effect, if any, a
change in control of Worldspan, L.P. will have on our relationship with
Worldspan, L.P. or our business, results of operations or financial condition.

          Several other important developments occurred during the year ended
December 31, 2002.

          On February 19, 2002, we launched our vacation packages product.
Utilizing our NAME YOUR OWN PRICE(R) system, our vacation packages product
allows travelers to choose the specific hotel they want, how long they want to
stay, the days on which they want to leave and come back and, the price they
want to pay for their vacation. As with our airline product, the specific
airline and flight times are not disclosed to the consumer in the vacation
packages product. We believe that the Internet is a good medium for delivery of
the content and information customers desire when making a vacation decision and
that the "build-your-own" vacation concept will appeal to a broad segment of the
leisure travel purchasing population that was previously uninterested in
purchasing package products.

          On May 31, 2002, we entered into an agreement with Lowestfare.com, LLC
whereby we purchased the trademarks and domain names of Lowestfare.com. We
believe that Lowestfare.com is one of the Internet's strongest discount travel
brands. We began offering, and will continue to offer, airline tickets, hotel
rooms, rental cars and vacation packages at prices disclosed to the consumer,
through the www.lowestfare.com Internet site. We believe that Lowestfare.com
will help us diversify our revenue stream and broaden our customer appeal by
making us less dependent on the opaque channel and offering our customers a
retail alternative.

          On July 31, 2002, we announced that our board of directors authorized
the repurchase of up to $40 million of our common stock from time to time in the
open market or in privately negotiated transactions. In addition, we announced
that Cheung Kong (Holdings) Limited and Hutchison Whampoa Limited, who together
own approximately 34% of our outstanding common stock, had informed us that they
may purchase up to an additional $40 million of priceline.com common stock in
the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. As of December 31,
2002, we had repurchased 5,387,717 shares of our common stock as part of our
stock repurchase program. Whether and when we decide to complete any purchase of
common stock and the amount of common stock purchased will be determined by us
in our complete discretion. Any repurchase by us may or may not occur
simultaneously or be coordinated with any purchases of common stock by Cheung
Kong (Holdings) Limited and Hutchison Whampoa Limited. As of December 31, 2002,
there were approximately 224.7 million shares of our common stock outstanding.

                                       31
<Page>

          On August 11, 2002, U.S. Airways Group, Inc. announced that it had
filed a voluntary petition for reorganization under Chapter 11 of the United
States Bankruptcy Code. On December 9, 2002, UAL Corp., the parent company of
United Airlines, announced that it and certain of its U.S. subsidiaries also
filed for protection under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code. In their
announcements, U.S. Airways and United Airlines each stated that it had adequate
resources to fulfill its obligations to customers while it reorganizes its
operations and that tickets on U.S. Airways and United would continue to be
honored and accepted. Our five largest airline suppliers, United Airlines, U.S.
Airways, Delta Air Lines, American Airlines, and Continental Airlines, together
accounted for approximately 90% of our airline ticket revenue in the year ended
December 31, 2002. Currently, two of our largest suppliers, U.S. Airways and
United Airlines, account for roughly half of our business and are operating
under the protection of the federal bankruptcy laws. While we do not expect the
bankruptcy filings of U.S. Airways or United Airlines to have a material adverse
effect on our business and results of operations over the near term, we are
unable at this time to assess the long-term impact of these bankruptcy filings
on our business. If any of our five largest airline suppliers were unable or
unwilling to participate in our system, as a result of bankruptcy, voluntary
withdrawal, or otherwise, our business and results of operations would be
materially and adversely affected. See "FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT FUTURE RESULTS -
WE ARE DEPENDENT ON THE AIRLINE INDUSTRY AND CERTAIN AIRLINES."

          On November 5, 2002, we announced a repositioning of our non-travel
businesses and a reduction in headcount, each of which caused a reduction in
related expenses. Our car service continues to provide new- and used-car buying
information and guaranteed quote requests, but no longer provides a NAME YOUR
OWN PRICE(R) service, and our telecommunications service continues to offer long
distance calling plans, but no longer sells NAME YOUR OWN PRICE(R) calling
minutes. The repositioning was designed to reduce operating expenses and focus
resources on our travel businesses. As part of the repositioning, we reduced our
workforce by 63 positions. In connection with the reduction in force and the
restructuring of our non-travel businesses, we recorded a charge in the fourth
quarter 2002 of approximately $4.7 million, consisting primarily of severance
costs.

          On November 25, 2002, our board of directors announced the promotion
of Jeffery H. Boyd to President and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Boyd was our
President and had shared the Chief Executive Officer responsibilities with
Chairman Richard S. Braddock. Mr. Braddock will continue as our non-executive
Chairman. On January 24, 2003, we announced the appointment of Howard W. "Skip"
Barker, Jr. to our board of directors. Mr. Barker replaced General Atlantic
Partners, LLC partner William E. Ford, who retired from our board. Mr. Barker
will also serve as chairman of the audit committee of the board of directors.

          We believe that our success will depend in large part on our ability
to achieve and maintain profitability, primarily from our travel business, to
continue to promote the priceline.com brand and, over time, to offer other
travel products and services on our website. We intend to continue to invest in
marketing and promotion, technology and personnel within parameters consistent
with attempts to improve operating results. Our goal is to reduce operating
losses and improve gross margins in an effort to achieve and maintain
profitability. Our limited operating history and the uncertain competitive
environment described above makes the prediction of future results of operations
difficult, and accordingly, we cannot assure you that we will maintain revenue
growth or achieve and maintain profitability.

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES

          Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements,
which have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles in the United States of America. Our significant accounting policies
are more fully described in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements.
Certain of our accounting policies are particularly important to the portrayal
of our financial position and results of operations and require us to make
significant judgments. In applying those policies, our management uses its
judgment to

                                       32
<Page>

determine the appropriate assumptions to be used in the determination of certain
estimates. On an on-going basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those
related to credit card charge-backs and refunds, investments in licensees,
intangible assets, income and other taxes, restructuring, special charges and
severance, and contingencies and litigation. Those estimates are based on
historical experience, terms of existing contracts, our observance of trends in
the travel industry and on various other assumptions that we believe to be
reasonable under the circumstances. Our actual results may differ from these
estimates under different assumptions or conditions. Our significant accounting
policies include:

               -    REFUNDS. In limited circumstances, we make certain
                    accommodations for customers or provide refunds to
                    customers. Based on our historical experience and our
                    contractual arrangements with our suppliers, we establish
                    reserves for estimated losses resulting from refunds or
                    cancellations. In the event that we experience either an
                    unanticipated increase in refunds or cancellations, as we
                    did in the weeks following the terrorist attacks of
                    September 11, 2001, or our suppliers refuse to accept
                    certain refunds or cancellations or challenge refunds
                    granted outside of their policies, our costs of revenues
                    could increase.

               -    ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT CARD CHARGE-BACK. Because we are the
                    merchant of record on most of our transactions, we are
                    responsible for credit card transactions on our website that
                    are disputed by customers with their credit card companies
                    (including disputes involving fraudulent transactions).
                    Accordingly, we record an allowance based on our historical
                    charge-back experience for estimated losses resulting from
                    credit card charge-backs.

               -    INVESTMENT IN EQUITY INTERESTS. In September 2001, we
                    converted a debt instrument into a 49% equity interest in
                    pricelinemortgage and, accordingly, recognized our pro rata
                    share of pricelinemortgage's net income. At December 31,
                    2002, the investment in pricelinemortgage consisted of our
                    original investment of $4.6 million and our cumulative share
                    of pricelinemortgage's earnings of approximately $2.7
                    million, offset by an impairment charge of approximately $1
                    million (which is included in the "Equity and net income of
                    pricelinemortgage" line of our Statement of Operations) to
                    reflect the write-down of the carrying value to its
                    estimated fair value. Robert J. Mylod, our Chief Financial
                    Officer, is a director of, and an investor in, Alliance
                    Capital Partners Inc., the parent company of Alliance
                    Partners, L.P., the owner of 51% of pricelinemortgage. In
                    1997, Mr. Mylod invested $50,000 in Alliance Capital
                    Partners Inc. and his investment represents less than 1/10
                    of one percent of Alliance Capital Partners Inc.'s
                    outstanding common stock.

               -    VALUATION OF LONG-LIVED ASSETS. We evaluate whether events
                    or circumstances have occurred which indicate that the
                    carrying amounts of long-lived assets may be impaired or not
                    recoverable. The significant factors that are considered
                    that could trigger an impairment review include changes in
                    business strategy, market conditions, or the manner of use
                    of an asset; under performance relative to historical or
                    expected future operating results; and negative industry or
                    economic trends. In evaluating an asset for possible
                    impairment, management estimates that asset's future
                    undiscounted cash flows to measure whether the asset is
                    recoverable. If it is determined that the asset is not
                    recoverable, we measure the impairment based on the
                    projected discounted cash flows of the asset over its
                    remaining life. While we believe that our estimates of
                    future cash flows are reasonable, different assumptions
                    regarding such cash flows could materially affect these
                    evaluations.

               -    NET OPERATING LOSSES. We recorded a valuation allowance for
                    the full amount of the net deferred tax asset at December
                    31, 2002 and 2001 representing the portion of tax operating
                    loss carryforwards and other items for which it is more
                    likely than not that the benefit of such items will not be
                    realized. Such valuation allowance increased by
                    approximately $5 million for the year ended December 31,
                    2002 and increased by

                                       33
<Page>

                    approximately $2 million for the year ended December 31,
                    2001. At December 31, 2002 we had approximately $3 billion
                    of net operating loss carryforwards for income tax purposes
                    expiring from December 31, 2018 to December 31, 2021, which
                    are subject to limitation on future utilization under
                    Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. Section
                    382 imposes limitations on the availability of a company's
                    net operating losses after a more than 50 percentage point
                    ownership change occurs. As a result of the completion and
                    revision of a detailed and complex study (the "NOL Study"),
                    it was determined that ownership changes occurred in 2000
                    and 2002. The amount of our net operating losses incurred
                    prior to each ownership change is limited (the "Loss
                    Limitation") based on the value of the Company on the
                    respective dates of ownership change. It is estimated that
                    the effect of Section 382 will reduce the amount of net
                    operating loss which is available to offset future taxable
                    income to approximately $69 million annually. The estimate
                    of the annual Loss Limitation is based upon certain
                    conclusions in the NOL Study pertaining to the dates of the
                    ownership changes and the value of the Company on the dates
                    of the ownership changes. The overall determination of the
                    Loss Limitation and conclusions contained in the NOL Study
                    are subject to interpretation, and therefore, the annual
                    Loss Limitation could be subject to change.

               -    PRESENTATION OF REVENUES. Revenues are primarily recognized,
                    if and when, we accept and fulfill a customer's offer.
                    Transaction revenue, which represents a substantial majority
                    of our overall revenues, primarily represents the selling
                    price of airline tickets, hotel rooms, rental cars and long
                    distance phone service. For these transactions, we establish
                    the price we will accept, have total discretion in supplier
                    selection, purchase and take title to the particular product
                    and are the merchant of record. We record as revenue the
                    amount received from the customer, net of taxes, surcharges
                    and other fees. Fee revenue consists of Worldspan, L.P.
                    booking fees, customer processing fees and commissions
                    related to retail travel sales, and other fees related to
                    sales made through our own site or a third party. We record
                    these fees as revenue, at the net amount we receive, with no
                    associated cost of revenue.

               -    UNCERTAINTY REGARDING STATE TAXES. We file tax returns in
                    such states as required by law based on principles
                    applicable to traditional businesses. In addition, we pay
                    sales and other taxes to suppliers on our purchases of
                    travel services sold through the priceline.com service. In
                    certain cases, where appropriate, we remit taxes directly to
                    the tax authorities. We believe that this practice is
                    consistent with the tax laws of all jurisdictions. However,
                    one or more states could seek to impose additional income
                    tax obligations, sales tax collection obligations, or other
                    tax obligations on companies, such as ours, which engage in
                    or facilitate online commerce. A number of proposals have
                    been made at state and local levels that could impose such
                    taxes on the sale of products and services through the
                    Internet or the income derived from such sales. To the
                    extent that any tax authority succeeds in asserting that a
                    tax collection responsibility applies to transactions
                    conducted through the priceline.com service, we might have
                    additional tax exposure. Such actions could have a material
                    adverse effect on our business, results of operations and
                    financial condition. We will continue to assess the risks of
                    any potential financial impact, and to the extent
                    appropriate, we will reserve for those contingencies.

               -    VALUATION OF GOODWILL. We account for goodwill in connection
                    with our investment in priceline.com europe. We performed
                    the initial and final steps of the transitional impairment
                    test in 2002 in connection with our adoption of Statements
                    of Financial Accounting No. 142. There was no impairment
                    resulting from the transitional impairment test, however,
                    subsequent impairment losses were determined and reflected
                    in operating loss in our Consolidated Financial Statements.
                    See Note 7 to our Consolidated Financial Statements.

                                       34
<Page>

RECENT DEVELOPMENTS

          On March 18, 2003, we announced that Lowestfare.com, our
wholly-owned subsidiary, had entered into a distribution agreement with
Travelweb LLC. Travelweb LLC is a full-service automated hotel distribution
network owned by Marriott, Hilton, Hyatt, Six Continents, Starwood Hotels and
Pegasus Solutions. Under the terms of the agreement, Travelweb LLC will
become the exclusive provider of published-price, net rate inventory in the
U.S. and Canada that will be available on both Lowestfare.com and on
priceline.com. In connection with the distribution agreement, Lowestfare.com
made an $8.5 million investment in Travelweb LLC and received approximately
15% of the equity of Travelweb LLC and a seat on Travelweb LLC's Board of
Directors.

          On March 20, 2003, we announced that, in connection with the renewal
of a marketing agreement with Marriott International, Inc., we issued Marriott
five million warrants to purchase shares of our common stock. The warrants,
which are not transferable, are fully vested and will be exercisable no earlier
than three years from the date of issuance (subject to certain limited
exceptions in the event of a reorganization, recapitalization, merger or
consolidation involving priceline.com). The exercise price of the warrants will
be the closing price of our common stock at a pre-determined date in the future.
In connection with the issuance of the warrants, we will record a charge in the
first quarter of 2003 of approximately $0.03 to $0.04 per share.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2002 COMPARED TO YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2001

REVENUES

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                            YEAR ENDED                  %
                                                           DECEMBER 31,               CHANGE
                                                           ------------               ------
                                                             ($000)

                                                      2002            2001
                                                      ----            ----
          <S>                                     <C>              <C>                <C>
          Travel Revenues.....................    $   996,815      $ 1,162,223        (14.2%)
          Other Revenues......................          6,791            9,530        (28.7%)
                                                  -----------      -----------
          Total Revenues......................    $ 1,003,606      $ 1,171,753        (14.4%)
</Table>

          Revenues for the twelve months ended December 31, 2002 and 2001
consisted primarily of: (1) travel revenues and (2) other revenues.

                                       35
<Page>

          TRAVEL REVENUES

          Travel revenues for the twelve months ended December 31, 2002 and 2001
consisted primarily of: (1) transaction revenues representing the selling price
of airline tickets, hotel rooms and rental cars; (2) ancillary fees, including
Worldspan, L.P. reservation booking fees; and (3) customer processing fees
charged in connection with the sale of airline tickets, hotel rooms and rental
cars.

          During the twelve months ended December 31, 2002, we sold
approximately 2.9 million, 4.1 million and 2.8 million airline tickets, hotel
room nights and rental car days, respectively. During the twelve months ended
December 31, 2001, we sold approximately 4.5 million, 2.8 million and 3.1
million airline tickets, hotel room nights and rental car days, respectively. We
believe that the approximately 36% decrease in the number of airline tickets
sold in the twelve months ended December 31, 2002 compared to the twelve months
ended December 31, 2001 was due primarily to the weak retail environment for
airline tickets and reduced airline inventory available to us. In particular, we
believe that lower retail pricing causes customers who might normally be willing
to make the tradeoff associated with our products in exchange for savings off of
higher retail rates, to purchase travel products at the lower retail rates or
from low-cost carriers without having to make any trade-offs. In addition, many
airlines grounded portions of their fleets in the aftermath of the terrorist
attacks of September 11, 2001, thus decreasing capacity on existing flights,
which we believe reduced airline inventory available to us.

          Our "bind" rate is the percentage of unique offers that we ultimately
fulfill. Our "bind rate" for all unique airline ticket, hotel room and rental
car offers were as follows:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                            AIRLINE      HOTEL      RENTAL
                                            TICKETS      ROOMS       CARS
                                            -------      -----      ------
           <S>                               <C>          <C>        <C>
           Year Ended December 31, 2002      37.1%        61.5%      45.7%

           Year Ended December 31, 2001      50.9%        61.7%      50.0%
</Table>

          We believe that our travel revenues and bind rate have been negatively
impacted by the weak retail environment for airline tickets and reduced airline
inventory available to us. In particular, we believe that lower retail pricing
causes customers who might normally be willing to make the tradeoff associated
with our products in exchange for savings off of higher retail rates, to
purchase travel products at the lower retail rates or from low-cost carriers
without having to make any trade-offs. In addition, many airlines grounded
portions of their fleets in the aftermath of the terrorist attacks of September
11, 2001, thus decreasing capacity on existing flights, which we believe reduced
airline inventory available to us. These trends, which negatively impacted our
revenues and bind rate in the fourth quarter of 2001, and throughout 2002 and
are expected to continue into 2003.

          We added approximately 3.4 million new customers during the twelve
months ended December 31, 2002, compared to approximately 3.7 million during
2001. In addition, we generated approximately 6.6 million repeat customer offers
during the twelve months ended December 31, 2002, compared to approximately 5.9
million for the same period last year.

          Travel revenues for the twelve months ended December 31, 2002
decreased approximately 14% to $997 million from approximately $1.2 billion for
the twelve months ended December 31, 2001, primarily as a result of the weak
retail environment for airline tickets and reduced airline inventory available
to us. In particular, we believe that lower retail pricing causes customers who
might normally be willing to make the tradeoff associated with our products in
exchange for savings off of higher retail rates, to purchase travel products at
the lower retail rates or from low-cost carriers without having to make any
trade-offs. In addition, many airlines grounded portions of their fleets in the
aftermath of the terrorist

                                       36
<Page>

attacks of September 11, 2001, thus decreasing capacity on existing flights,
which we believe reduced airline inventory available to us.

          Ancillary fee revenues for the twelve months ended December 31, 2002
decreased from the same period a year ago as a result of a decrease in
Worldspan, L.P. reservation booking fees and customer processing fees in the
airline and rental car services.

          The average revenue per total booked travel offer decreased 5.8% to
$224 in the twelve months ended December 31, 2002 from $238 in the twelve months
ended December 31, 2001. We believe that this decline in the average revenue per
total booked travel offer was primarily driven by a change in the mix of our
travel services sold. Specifically, revenues from our hotel and rental car
businesses, which, on average, have a lower transaction value, grew as a
percentage of total travel revenue in 2002 as compared to 2001.

          Travel revenues, particularly airlines tickets, continue to account
for the majority of our revenue. Seasonal variations in our travel business
have historically and are expected to continue to impact our travel revenues.

          The following table represents the percentage of total travel
revenue by quarter:

<Table>
<Caption>
                              YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2002                     YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2001
                    -----------------------------------------------   ------------------------------------------------
                     First        Second        Third       Fourth       First       Second        Third       Fourth
                    Quarter       Quarter      Quarter      Quarter     Quarter      Quarter      Quarter      Quarter
                    -----------------------------------------------   ------------------------------------------------
<S>                   <C>           <C>          <C>          <C>         <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
TRAVEL REVENUE        26%           30%          24%          20%         23%          31%          26%          20%
</Table>

          OTHER REVENUES

          Other revenues during the twelve months ended December 31, 2002 and
2001 consisted primarily of: (1) transaction revenues and fees from our long
distance phone service, which we repositioned in 2002; (2) commissions and fees
from our home financing and automobile services; (3) license fees from our
international licensees; and (4) marketing revenues.

          Other revenues for the twelve months ended December 31, 2002 decreased
approximately 29% to $6.8 million from $9.5 million for the twelve months ended
December 31, 2001, primarily as a result of the decrease in revenues from our
long distance phone service.

COST OF REVENUES AND GROSS PROFIT

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                           YEAR ENDED                   %
                                                          DECEMBER 31,               CHANGE
                                                          ------------               -------
                                                             ($000)

                                                     2002              2001
                                                     ----              ----
          <S>                                     <C>               <C>              <C>
          COST OF TRAVEL REVENUES.............    $  844,142        $  976,035       (13.5%)
             % OF TRAVEL REVENUES.............          84.7%             84.0%
          COST OF OTHER REVENUES..............    $    1,098        $    2,812       (61.0%)
             % OF OTHER REVENUES..............          16.2%             29.5%
          TOTAL COST OF REVENUES..............    $  845,240        $  978,847       (13.6%)
             % OF REVENUES....................          84.2%             83.5%
</Table>

                                       37
<Page>

          COST OF REVENUES

          COST OF TRAVEL REVENUES. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2002
and 2001, cost of travel revenues consisted primarily of: (1) the cost of
airline tickets from our suppliers, net of the federal air transportation tax,
segment fees and passenger facility charges imposed in connection with the sale
of airline tickets; (2) the cost of hotel rooms from our suppliers, net of hotel
occupancy tax; and (3) the cost of rental cars from our suppliers, net of
applicable taxes. Cost of travel revenues for the twelve months ended December
31, 2002, decreased primarily due to a decrease in sales of airline tickets.

          COST OF OTHER REVENUES. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2002
and 2001, cost of other revenues consisted of the cost of long distance
telephone service provided by our suppliers and decreased as a result of lower
fees earned from our long distance phone service.

          GROSS PROFIT

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                          YEAR ENDED                    %
                                                          DECEMBER 31,               CHANGE
                                                          ------------               -------
                                                             ($000)

                                                     2002              2001
                                                     ----              ----
          <S>                                     <C>               <C>              <C>
          TRAVEL GROSS PROFIT.................    $  152,673        $ 186,188        (18.0%)
             TRAVEL GROSS MARGIN..............          15.3%            16.0%
          OTHER GROSS PROFIT..................    $    5,693        $   6,718        (15.3%)
             OTHER GROSS MARGIN...............          83.8%            70.5%
          TOTAL GROSS PROFIT..................    $  158,366        $ 192,906        (17.9%)
             TOTAL GROSS MARGIN...............          15.8%            16.5%
</Table>

          TRAVEL GROSS PROFIT. Travel gross profit consists of travel revenues
less the cost of travel revenues. We are able to manage the level of gross
margins by controlling the price at which we will cause offers to be fulfilled.
For the twelve months ended December 31, 2002, travel gross profit and related
travel gross margin decreased from the same period in 2001, primarily due to the
weak retail environment for airline tickets and reduced airline inventory
available to us. In particular, we believe that lower retail pricing causes
customers who might normally be willing to make the tradeoff associated with our
products in exchange for savings off of higher retail rates, to purchase travel
products at the lower retail rates or from low-cost carriers without having to
make any trade-offs. In addition, many airlines grounded portions of their
fleets in the aftermath of the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001, thus
decreasing capacity on existing flights, which we believe reduced airline
inventory available to us.

          OTHER GROSS PROFIT. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2002,
other gross profit decreased over the same period in 2001 as a result of the
decrease in fees earned in connection with our long distance phone service.

OPERATING EXPENSES

                                       38
<Page>

          SALES AND MARKETING

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                           YEAR ENDED                  %
                                                           DECEMBER 31,              CHANGE
                                                           ------------              ------
                                                             ($000)

                                                      2002            2001
                                                      ----            ----
          <S>                                     <C>             <C>                <C>
          ADVERTISING ........................    $     44,663    $     46,875        (4.7%)
          OTHER SALES & MARKETING ............          38,078          68,491       (44.4%)
                                                  ------------    ------------
          TOTAL ..............................    $     82,741    $    115,366       (28.3%)
          % OF REVENUES ......................             8.2%            9.8%
</Table>

          Sales and marketing consists of advertising expenses and other sales
and marketing expenses. Advertising expenses consist primarily of: (1)
television and radio advertising; (2) online and email advertisements; and (3)
agency fees, creative talent and production costs for television and radio
commercials. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2002, advertising expenses
decreased over the same period in 2001 primarily due to the decrease in
television advertising, which was partially offset by an increase in online and
radio advertising. During 2002, sales and marketing expenses benefited from the
resolution of promotional and agency obligations, of approximately $1.4 million,
offset entirely by additional advertising expenditures. The net result of these
items did not have a material impact on either the total sales and marketing
expense or the total operating results. In the first half of 2002, we shifted
some of our marketing resources from traditional areas of marketing such as
television and radio, toward lower cost online marketing and in the latter half
of 2002, we began to focus again on television and radio advertising. While we
intend to continue to promote the priceline.com brand aggressively in 2003 and
to focus the majority of our marketing resources on our hotel product, we expect
to reduce our advertising expenditures in the near term as a result of the
recent outbreak of hostilities in the Middle East.

          Other sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of (1) credit
card processing fees; (2) provisions for credit card charge-backs; (3) fees paid
to third-party service providers that operate our call centers; and (4)
compensation for our sales and marketing personnel. For the twelve months ended
December 31, 2002, other sales and marketing expenses decreased over the same
period in 2001 due to a reduction in the absolute amount of credit card
charge-backs and a related $1 million decrease in the allowance for
charge-backs, as well as a reduction in variable expenses driven by lower unit
volume.

                                       39
<Page>

          GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                           YEAR ENDED             %
                                                          DECEMBER 31,          CHANGE
                                                          -----------           ------
                                                            ($000)

                                                       2002        2001
                                                       ----        ----
          <S>                                        <C>         <C>            <C>
          GENERAL & ADMINISTRATIVE ...............   $ 29,153    $ 28,659         1.7%
          PAYROLL TAX EXPENSE ON EMPLOYEE STOCK
          OPTIONS ................................        120         909       (86.8%)
          STOCK BASED COMPENSATION ...............      1,000      16,508       (93.9%)
                                                     --------    --------
          TOTAL ..................................   $ 30,273    $ 46,076       (34.3%)
          % OF REVENUES ..........................        3.0%        3.9%
</Table>

          General and administrative expenses consist primarily of: (1) costs
for personnel; (2) occupancy expenses; (3) telecommunications costs; and (4)
fees for outside professionals. General and administrative expenses increased
slightly during the twelve months ended December 31, 2002 over the same period
in 2001 primarily as a result of an increase in our directors and officers
insurance premium, and an increase in costs due to the consolidation of our
European operations.

          For the twelve months ended December 31, 2002, we recorded charges of
approximately $120,000 for payroll taxes relating to options exercised in
accordance with our employee stock option plans. For the twelve months ended
December 31, 2001, payroll taxes relating to the exercise of employee stock
options were $909,000.

          Stock based compensation decreased over the same period in 2001 as a
result of the completion of the amortization of restricted stock. In the fourth
quarter of 2001, we accelerated the vesting of restricted stock held by certain
employees based on the anticipated achievements of earnings performance targets
established at the time of grant (fourth quarter of 2000). As a result of the
acceleration of the vesting of the restricted stock, we recorded a charge of
approximately $3.3 million in the fourth quarter 2001. In addition, in
connection with the accelerated vesting of restricted stock, we paid the tax
withholding liability associated with the vesting of such shares, including
amounts in excess of the minimum statutory tax withholding, by withholding from
delivery to certain employees shares of stock and, as a result, recorded a
non-cash charge of approximately $3.1 million.

          SYSTEMS AND BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                         YEAR ENDED              %
                                                        DECEMBER 31,           CHANGE
                                                        -----------            ------
                                                          ($000)

                                                     2002        2001
                                                     ----        ----
        <S>                                        <C>         <C>             <C>
        SYSTEMS & BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT .........   $ 40,964    $ 41,293        (0.8%)
        % OF REVENUES ..........................        4.1%        3.5%
</Table>

          Systems and business development expenses consist primarily of: (1)
compensation to our information technology and product development staff; (2)
depreciation and amortization on computer hardware and software; (3) payments to
outside contractors; and (4) data communications and other

                                       40
<Page>

expenses associated with operating our Internet site. For the twelve months
ended December 31, 2002, systems and business development expenses remained
relatively the same as the same period in 2001. During 2002, systems and
business development expenses were impacted by favorable resolution of certain
data center, telecom and contract programming obligations. In the absence of
such adjustments systems and business development expenses would have been
approximately 2% higher than the amount recorded during 2001.

RESTRUCTURING, SEVERANCE, AND SPECIAL CHARGES

          In the fourth quarter of 2002, we recorded a restructuring charge of
approximately $4.7 million. This restructuring charge resulted from the
repositioning of our non-travel businesses and a reduction in headcount. The
repositioning was designed to reduce operating expenses and focus resources on
our travel business. The charge relates primarily to severance payments, real
estate costs and asset impairments.

          As a result of the fourth quarter 2002 restructuring, our work force
was reduced by 59 full-time employees at our Norwalk location and 4 full-time
employees at our Europe location. The employee termination costs primarily
represent severance payments and related benefits. The real estate costs
primarily represent the estimated net lease expense related to space we decided
we no longer needed, and which we will not utilize in the future along with
certain required refurbishments to that space. Asset impairments are comprised
of abandoned equipment and software projects, and software costs related to our
plans not to pursue certain product offerings and activities. Other
restructuring charges include professional and other fees and costs incurred in
2002 associated with the restructuring activities.

          In the second quarter of 2001, our Board of Directors announced that
Richard S. Braddock had been reappointed as Chief Executive Officer. Mr.
Braddock replaced Daniel H. Schulman, our prior President and Chief Executive
Officer. In connection with Mr. Schulman's separation, we recorded a severance
charge of $5.4 million in the second quarter of 2001. This severance charge
resulted from the forgiveness of outstanding loans to Mr. Schulman and the
payment of severance, all of which was required by the terms of Mr. Schulman's
employment agreement. We also accelerated, pursuant to the terms of Mr.
Schulman's employment agreement, the vesting of 2,000,000 shares of restricted
common stock and 1,000,000 shares underlying stock options granted to Mr.
Schulman, resulting in a charge of approximately $770,000. The balance due to
Mr. Schulman ($345,000) was paid in the second quarter 2002.

          In the first quarter of 2001, we recorded a restructuring charge of
approximately $1.4 million. This restructuring charge related primarily to the
reduction of our workforce by approximately 25 full-time employees in February
2001. The charge relates primarily to severance payments and the entire amount
of the charge was disbursed in 2001.

                                       41
<Page>

          The components and the annual activity related to the restructuring
charge for the three-year period ended December 31, 2002, were as follows (in
thousands):

<Table>
<Caption>
                               EMPLOYEE         REAL
                              TERMINATION      ESTATE         ASSET
                                 COSTS          COSTS      IMPAIRMENTS      OTHER      TOTAL
                         -----------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                         <C>               <C>         <C>             <C>        <C>
CHARGED IN 2000             $        3,807    $  9,603    $     17,474    $  1,122   $  32,006

  Non-cash charges                       -           -         (15,709)          -     (15,709)

  Paid in 2000                      (1,167)       (317)           (809)       (534)     (2,827)
                         -----------------------------------------------------------------------

  Accrued at 12/31/2000              2,640       9,286             956         588      13,470

CHARGED IN 2001                      1,400           -               -           -       1,400

  Paid in 2001                      (3,358)     (3,155)           (835)       (320)     (7,668)(1)

  Adjustments                         (311)     (1,036)           (114)        (75)     (1,536)
                         -----------------------------------------------------------------------

  Accrued at 12/31/2001                371       5,095               7         193       5,666

CHARGED IN 2002                      2,416         398           1,064         776       4,654

  Currency translation
       adjustment                        3           2              11          10          26

  Non-cash charges                      (5)          -          (1,075)          -      (1,080)

  Paid in 2002                      (1,114)     (2,161)              -          (2)     (3,277)(1)

  Adjustments                          (10)       (824)             (7)        (75)       (916)
                         -----------------------------------------------------------------------

ACCRUED AT 12/31/2002       $        1,661    $  2,510    $          -    $    902   $   5,073
                         =======================================================================
</Table>

(1)  Cash payments resulting from our restructuring were $3.3 million and $7.7
     million for 2002 and 2001, respectively.

     During 2002 and 2001, we decreased the liability for the restructuring
charge by approximately $4.2 million and $9.2 million, respectively. These
reductions resulted from cash payments and the favorable resolution of certain
matters, primarily the collection of certain receivables and the settlement of
real estate commitments, and were reflected as an adjustment to the
"Restructuring charge (reversal)" line on our Consolidated Statements of
Operations.

                                       42
<Page>

          We estimate, based on current available information, the remaining net
cash outflows associated with our restructuring related commitments will be as
follows (in thousands):

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                       EXPECTED TO BE PAID IN

                                                         2003          2004
                                                     -----------    ----------
              <S>                                    <C>            <C>
              Employee termination costs             $     1,567    $       94

              Real estate costs                            1,889           621

              Other                                          902             -
                                                     -----------    ----------

              Total:                                 $     4,358    $      715
                                                     ===========    ==========
</Table>

          Restructuring related liabilities due within 12 months and due after
12 months are classified in "Accrued expenses" and in "Long-term accrued
expenses", respectively, on our Consolidated Balance Sheets.

          In the fourth quarter of 2000, we recorded a special charge of
approximately $34.8 million. This special charge consists of employee expenses,
asset impairments and other miscellaneous expenses. Employee expenses relate to
severance payments, retention bonuses, and the acceleration of employee loan
forgiveness. Asset impairments consist of the write-down to estimated net
realizable value of receivables or loans from independent licensees that ceased
or significantly restructured their operations during the fourth quarter of
2000. Other miscellaneous expenses include estimates for the litigation related
to shareholder lawsuit costs or potential settlements, and amounts accrued for
other claims.

          The components and the annual activity related to the 2000 special
charge follow (in thousands):

<Table>
<Caption>
                                      EMPLOYEE
                                     TERMINATION       ASSET
                                        COSTS        IMPAIRMENTS      OTHER      TOTAL
                                    ----------------------------------------------------
            <S>                     <C>             <C>             <C>         <C>
            Charged in 2000         $     14,482    $     17,107    $  3,235    $ 34,824

            Non-cash charges              (8,036)        (13,583)          -     (21,619)

            Paid in 2000                    (142)         (1,915)        (55)     (2,112)

            Accrued at 12/31/2000          6,304           1,609       3,180      11,093

            Paid in 2001                  (6,297)            (25)     (1,079)     (7,401)

            Adjustments                        -          (1,218)          -      (1,218)

            Accrued at 12/31/2001              7             366       2,101       2,474

            Paid in 2002                      (7)           (250)       (785)     (1,042)

            Adjustments                        -            (116)     (1,316)     (1,432)
                                    ----------------------------------------------------
            Accrued at 12/31/2002   $          -    $          -    $      -    $      -
                                    ====================================================
</Table>

                                       43
<Page>

          During 2002 and 2001, we decreased the liability for the special
charge by approximately $2.5 million and $8.6 million, respectively. These
reductions resulted from cash payments and the favorable resolution of certain
matters, primarily the collection of certain receivables and the settlement of
certain liabilities and were reflected as an adjustment to the "Special charge
(reversal)" line on our Consolidated Statements of Operations.

          IMPAIRMENT CHARGE

          During the third quarter of 2002, we performed impairment tests and
determined that the carrying amount of goodwill of $22.5 million related to
priceline.com Europe, N.V., the parent company of priceline.com europe Ltd.,
exceeded its implied fair value by approximately $12 million and accordingly
recorded an impairment charge of $12 million. The fair value was determined by
third party valuations using generally accepted valuation techniques including
the market value of comparable companies (including revenue multiple
methodology) and discounted cash flow methods. Underlying the impairment was a
continued decline in the market value of priceline.com's common stock, which we
review quarterly as an indicator of possible impairment of priceline.com europe
Ltd.'s carrying value, a deterioration in priceline.com europe Ltd.'s operations
caused primarily by increasingly competitive conditions among European online
travel companies and a decision in 2002 to reconfigure product offerings.

          During the third quarter of 2002, we performed a periodic
evaluation of the progress of the operations of Hutchison-Priceline Limited.
Factors including increasing negative variances in key operating metrics such
as negative gross margins and continuing operating losses, negative net asset
position and an increasingly competitive operating environment led us to
determine that the carrying value of our convertible note no longer reflected
its fair value. Accordingly, we recorded an impairment charge of $12.2
million to reduce the carrying value of our investment in Hutchison-Priceline
Limited to its estimated fair value of zero. Estimated fair value was
determined using cash flow estimates and a review of the market value of
comparable companies including the consideration of the decline in our market
value and through discussion with third party valuation specialists.

INTEREST INCOME

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                         YEAR ENDED           %
                                                        DECEMBER 31,        CHANGE
                                                        -----------         ------
                                                          ($000)

                                                     2002        2001
                                                     ----        ----
        <S>                                        <C>        <C>           <C>
        INTEREST INCOME ........................   $  2,843   $  6,996      (59.4%)
</Table>

          For the twelve months ended December 31, 2002, interest income on cash
and marketable securities decreased primarily due to a lower cash balance and
lower interest rates.

                                       44
<Page>

EQUITY IN NET INCOME OF PRICELINEMORTGAGE

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                         YEAR ENDED           %
                                                        DECEMBER 31,        CHANGE
                                                        -----------         ------
                                                          ($000)

                                                     2002       2001
                                                     ----       ----
        <S>                                        <C>         <C>         <C>
        EQUITY IN NET INCOME OF
         PRICELINEMORTGAGE .....................   $  1,131   $    551      105.3%
</Table>

          Equity in net income of pricelinemortgage for the twelve months ended
December 31, 2002 and 2001 of $1.1 million and $551,000, respectively,
represents our pro rata share of net income from our 49% equity investment in
pricelinemortgage. We recorded an impairment charge of approximately $1 million
during the fourth quarter of 2002 (which is included in the "Equity and net
income of pricelinemortgage" line of our Statement of Operations) to reflect the
write-down of our investment in pricelinemortgage to its estimated fair value.
Robert J. Mylod, our Chief Financial Officer, is a director of, and an investor
in, Alliance Capital Partners Inc., the parent company of Alliance Partners,
L.P., the owner of 51% of pricelinemortgage. In 1997, Mr. Mylod invested $50,000
in Alliance Capital Partners Inc., and his investment represents less than 1/10
of one percent of Alliance Capital Partners Inc.'s outstanding common stock.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2001 COMPARED TO YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000

REVENUES

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                             YEAR ENDED                %
                                                             DECEMBER 31,            CHANGE
                                                             ------------            ------
                                                               ($000)

                                                         2001           2000
                                                         ----           ----
          <S>                                        <C>            <C>               <C>
          Travel Revenues ........................   $  1,162,223   $  1,217,160       (5%)
          Other Revenues .........................          9,530         18,236      (48%)
                                                     ------------   ------------
          Total Revenues .........................   $  1,171,753   $  1,235,396       (5%)
</Table>

          Revenues for the twelve months ended December 31, 2001 and 2000
consisted primarily of: (1) travel revenues and (2) other revenues.

          TRAVEL REVENUES

          Travel revenues for the twelve months ended December 31, 2001 and 2000
consisted primarily of: (1) transaction revenues representing the selling price
of airline tickets, hotel rooms and rental cars; (2) ancillary fees, including
Worldspan, L.P. reservation booking fees; and (3) customer processing fees
charged in connection with the sale of airline tickets, hotel rooms and rental
cars.

          During the twelve months ended December 31, 2001, we sold
approximately 4.5 million, 2.8 million and 3.1 million airline tickets, hotel
room nights and rental car days, respectively. During the twelve months ended
December 31, 2000, we sold approximately 4.6 million, 1.7 million and 1.8
million airline tickets, hotel room nights and rental car days, respectively.
Our rental car service was not launched

                                       45
<Page>

until the first quarter 2000. We believe that the approximately 3% decrease in
the number of airline tickets sold in the twelve months ended December 31, 2001
compared to the twelve months ended December 31, 2000 was due primarily to the
significant decline in the demand for airline tickets following the September
11, 2001 terrorist attacks. The demand for airline tickets recovered in the
weeks following the September 11, 2001 attacks. However, that recovery was
slowed, in part, by disruptions in the availability of inventory related to
anticipated schedule changes by the airlines.

          Our "bind" rate is the percentage of unique offers that we ultimately
fulfill. Our "bind rate" for all unique airline ticket, hotel room and rental
car offers were as follows:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                         AIRLINE       HOTEL     RENTAL
                                                         TICKETS       ROOMS      CARS
                                                         -------       -----     -------
           <S>                                            <C>          <C>        <C>
           Year Ended     December 31, 2001               50.9%        61.7%      50.0%

           Year Ended     December 31, 2000               47.9%        48.4%      44.7%
</Table>

          We added approximately 3.7 million new customers during the twelve
months ended December 31, 2001. In addition, we generated approximately 5.9
million repeat customer offers during the twelve months ended December 31, 2001.

          Travel revenues for the twelve months ended December 31, 2001
decreased approximately 5% to $1,162 million from approximately $1,217 million
for the twelve months ended December 31, 2000, primarily as a result of the
lingering effects in the first quarter of 2001 of the decrease in the momentum
of our business during the second half of 2000, and the difficult conditions
that persisted in the travel industry, primarily the airline sector, after
September 11, 2001.

          Ancillary fee revenues for the twelve months ended December 31, 2001
increased from the same period a year ago as a result of increases in Worldspan,
L.P. reservation booking fees and customer processing fees in the airline and
hotel room and rental car services.

          The average revenue per total booked travel offer decreased 16.8% to
$238 in the twelve months ended December 31, 2001 from $286 in the twelve months
ended December 31, 2000. We believe that this decline in the average revenue per
total booked travel offer was primarily driven by a change in the mix of our
travel services sold. Specifically, revenues from our hotel and rental car
businesses grew as a percentage of total travel revenue in 2001 as compared to
2000. However, the average price of an airline ticket booked on priceline.com
decreased approximately 12% compared to 2000 primarily as a result of a drop in
average offer prices caused by a decline in consumer expectations for the cost
of travel as a result of retail fare wars and the events of September 11, 2001.

          Adaptive marketing revenues for the year ended December 31, 2000 were
approximately $20 million. During the fourth quarter 2000, we eliminated
adaptive marketing revenues, which were historically accretive to our travel
revenues and gross margins, but which we now believe negatively impacted
customer satisfaction. Travel products, particularly airline tickets, continue
to account for the majority of our revenue. Seasonal variations in our travel
business have historically and are expected to continue to impact our travel
revenues.

                                       46
<Page>

         The following table represents the percentage of travel revenue by
quarter:

<Table>
<Caption>
                               YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2001                YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000
                     --------------------------------------------    --------------------------------------------
                       First      Second       Third      Fourth       First      Second      Third       Fourth
                      Quarter     Quarter     Quarter     Quarter     Quarter     Quarter     Quarter     Quarter
                     --------------------------------------------    --------------------------------------------
<S>                     <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>
TRAVEL REVENUE          23%         31%         26%         20%         26%         28%         28%         18%
</Table>

          OTHER REVENUES

          Other revenues during the twelve months ended December 31, 2001 and
2000 consisted primarily of: (1) transaction revenues and fees from our long
distance phone service; (2) commissions and fees from our home financing and
automobile services; and (3) license fees from our international licensees and
in 2000, included fees from WebHouse Club.

          Other revenues for the twelve months ended December 31, 2001 decreased
approximately 48% to $9.5 million from $18.2 million for the twelve months ended
December 31, 2000, primarily as a result of the decrease in fees earned in
connection with our long distance phone service. Other revenues and reimbursable
expenses from WebHouse Club were approximately $1.3 million and $9.7 million,
respectively, in 2000 and ceased during the fourth quarter 2000 with the
shutdown of the WebHouse Club business.

COST OF REVENUES AND GROSS PROFIT

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                               YEAR ENDED                   %
                                                              DECEMBER 31,               CHANGE
                                                              ------------               ------
                                                                ($000)

                                                         2001            2000
                                                         ----            ----
          <S>                                        <C>             <C>                 <C>
          COST OF TRAVEL REVENUES ................   $    976,035    $  1,040,306        (6.2%)
               % OF TRAVEL REVENUES ..............           84.0%           85.5%
          COST OF OTHER REVENUES .................   $      2,812    $      2,921        (3.7%)
               % OF OTHER REVENUES ...............           29.5%           16.0%
          TOTAL COST OF REVENUES .................   $    978,847    $  1,043,227        (6.2%)
               % OF REVENUES .....................           83.5%           84.4%
</Table>

          COST OF REVENUES

          COST OF TRAVEL REVENUES. For the twelve months ended December 31,
2001 and 2000, cost of travel revenues consisted primarily of: (1) the cost
of airline tickets from our suppliers, net of the federal air transportation
tax, segment fees and passenger facility charges imposed in connection with
the sale of airline tickets; (2) the cost of hotel rooms from our suppliers,
net of hotel occupancy tax; and (3) the cost of rental cars from our
suppliers, net of applicable taxes.

          Our supplier warrant costs for the twelve month periods ended December
31, 2001 and 2000 were $0 and approximately $1.5 million, respectively, and, in
2000, represented a non-cash expense related to the issuance of warrants to one
of our airline program participants in January 1999.

                                       47
<Page>

          COST OF OTHER REVENUES. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2001
and 2000, cost of other revenues consisted of the cost of long distance
telephone service provided by our suppliers.

          GROSS PROFIT

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                              YEAR ENDED                  %
                                                             DECEMBER 31,              CHANGE
                                                             ------------              ------
                                                                ($000)

                                                        2001            2000
                                                        ----            ----
          <S>                                        <C>             <C>               <C>
          TRAVEL GROSS PROFIT ....................   $    186,188    $    176,854        5.3%
               TRAVEL GROSS MARGIN ...............           16.0%           14.5%
          OTHER GROSS PROFIT .....................   $      6,718    $     15,315      (56.1%)
               OTHER GROSS MARGIN ................           70.5%           84.0%
          TOTAL GROSS PROFIT .....................   $    192,906    $    192,169        0.4%
               TOTAL GROSS MARGIN ................           16.5%           15.6%
</Table>

          TRAVEL GROSS PROFIT. Travel gross profit consists of travel revenues
less the cost of travel revenues. We are able to manage the level of gross
margins by controlling the price at which we will cause offers to be fulfilled.
Consistent with our strategy of increasing our gross margins, for the twelve
months ended December 31, 2001, travel gross profit and related travel gross
margin increased over the same period in 2000 as a result of increased
transactional sales volume and increased Worldspan, L.P. reservation booking and
customer processing fee revenues. In addition to increasing transactional
volume, we also increased the average margin on air tickets, hotel rooms
and rental cars as compared to the same period in 2000. Margin also increased in
2001 as a result of our new contract with Worldspan, L.P. that was executed in
the fourth quarter of 2001 and provided us with supplemental payments to be used
for marketing programs and incentives for our customers and travel suppliers.

          OTHER GROSS PROFIT. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2001,
other gross profit decreased over the same period in 2000 as a result of the
decrease in fees earned in connection with our long distance phone service and
the fees earned from WebHouse Club.

OPERATING EXPENSES

          We developed an infrastructure in 2000 that supported our operations
and the existing and anticipated future operations of our various licensees.
Many of our licensees no longer exist, and in certain cases, we have not been
able to take all of these additional costs out of our business.

                                       48
<Page>

          SALES AND MARKETING

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                               YEAR ENDED                 %
                                                              DECEMBER 31,              CHANGE
                                                              ------------              ------

                                                                 ($000)
                                                         2001            2000
                                                         ----            ----
          <S>                                        <C>             <C>                <C>
          ADVERTISING ............................   $     46,875    $     67,205       (30.3%)
          OTHER SALES & MARKETING ................         68,491          80,928       (15.4%)
                                                     ------------    ------------
          TOTAL ..................................   $    115,366    $    148,133       (22.1%)
          % OF REVENUES ..........................            9.8%           12.0%
</Table>

          Sales and marketing consists of advertising expenses and other sales
and marketing expenses. Advertising expenses consist primarily of: (1)
television and radio advertising; (2) online and email advertisements; and (3)
agency fees, creative talent and production costs for television and radio
commercials. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2001, advertising expenses
decreased over the same period in 2000 primarily due to an overall decline in
the cost of advertising and an effort to reduce our advertising spending. In
2001, we began shifting our marketing resources from traditional areas of
marketing such as television and radio, toward online marketing.

          Other sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of (1) credit
card processing fees; (2) provisions for credit card charge-backs; (3) fees paid
to third-party service providers that operate our call centers; and (4)
compensation for our sales and marketing personnel. For the twelve months ended
December 31, 2001, other sales and marketing expenses decreased over the same
period in 2000 due to reductions in the customer service transaction and average
credit card costs, partially offset by an increase in credit card charge backs.

          GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                              YEAR ENDED                 %
                                                             DECEMBER 31,             CHANGE
                                                             ------------             ------
                                                                ($000)

                                                         2001            2000
                                                         ----            ----
          <S>                                        <C>             <C>              <C>
          GENERAL & ADMINISTRATIVE ...............   $     28,659    $     52,194     (45.1%)
          PAYROLL TAX EXPENSE ON EMPLOYEE STOCK
          OPTIONS ................................            909           8,788     (89.7%)
          STOCK BASED COMPENSATION ...............         16,508           1,711     864.8%
                                                     ------------    ------------
          TOTAL ..................................   $     46,076    $     62,693     (26.5%)
          % OF REVENUES ..........................            3.9%            5.1%
</Table>

          General and administrative expenses consist primarily of: (1) costs
for personnel; (2) occupancy expenses; (3) telecommunications costs; and (4)
fees for outside professionals. General and administrative expenses decreased
during the twelve months ended December 31, 2001 over the same period in 2000 as
a result of decreased headcount and resulting payroll and overhead costs
associated with the shift in focus to our core travel products, which was part
of our turn-around and restructuring plan implemented in the fourth quarter of
2000. In addition, for the twelve months ended December 31, 2001, we recorded
charges

                                       49
<Page>

of approximately $909,000 for payroll taxes relating to options exercised in
accordance with our employee stock option plans. For the twelve months ended
December 31, 2000, payroll taxes relating to the exercise of employee stock
options were $8.8 million. Stock based compensation increased over the same
period in 2000 as a result of the amortization and the acceleration of vesting
of restricted stock. Specifically, on November 1, 2001, we accelerated the
vesting of restricted stock held by certain employees based on the anticipated
achievements of earnings performance targets established at the time of grant,
in the fourth quarter of 2000. As a result of the acceleration of the vesting of
the restricted stock, we recorded a charge of approximately $3.3 million in the
fourth quarter 2001. In addition, in connection with the accelerated vesting of
restricted stock, we paid the tax withholding liability associated with the
vesting of such shares, including amounts in excess of the minimum statutory tax
withholding, by withholding from delivery to certain employees shares of stock
and, as a result, recorded a charge of approximately $3.1 million.

          SYSTEMS AND BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                               YEAR ENDED               %
                                                              DECEMBER 31,            CHANGE
                                                              ------------            ------

                                                                 ($000)
                                                         2001            2000
                                                         ----            ----
          <S>                                        <C>             <C>               <C>
          SYSTEMS & BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT .........   $     41,293    $     39,192      5.4%
          % OF REVENUES ..........................            3.5%            3.2%
</Table>

          Systems and business development expenses for both periods consist
primarily of: (1) compensation to our information technology and product
development staff; (2) depreciation and amortization on computer hardware and
software; (3) payments to outside contractors; and (4) data communications and
other expenses associated with operating our Internet site. For the twelve
months ended December 31, 2001, systems and business development expenses
increased over the same period in 2000 primarily as a result of a decrease in
the amounts reimbursed by licensees, and an increase in our costs associated
with expanding the redundancy capabilities of our data centers.

SEVERANCE, RESTRUCTURING AND SPECIAL CHARGES

          In the second quarter of 2001, our Board of Directors announced that
Richard S. Braddock had been reappointed as Chief Executive Officer. Mr.
Braddock replaced Daniel H. Schulman, our prior President and Chief Executive
Officer. In connection with Mr. Schulman's separation, we recorded a severance
charge of $5.4 million in the second quarter of 2001. This severance charge
resulted from the forgiveness of outstanding loans to Mr. Schulman and the
payment of severance, all of which was required by the terms of Mr. Schulman's
employment agreement. We also accelerated, pursuant to the terms of Mr.
Schulman's employment agreement, the vesting of 2,000,000 shares of restricted
common stock and 1,000,000 shares underlying stock options granted to Mr.
Schulman, resulting in a charge of approximately $770,000. The balance due to
Mr. Schulman ($345,000) was paid by the end of the second quarter 2002.

          In the first quarter of 2001, we recorded a restructuring charge of
approximately $1.4 million. This restructuring charge related primarily to the
reduction of our workforce by approximately 25 full-time employees in February
2001. The charge relates primarily to severance payments and the entire amount
of the charge was disbursed in 2001.

          In 2000, we recorded restructuring charges of approximately $32.0
million and a special charge of approximately $34.8 million. The restructuring
charge resulted from our review of our operations with the intention of
increasing efficiencies and refocusing our business principally on our core
travel

                                       50
<Page>

products. As a result of this review, we primarily decided to reduce our work
force, consolidate our real estate and rationalize certain international markets
and potential product line offerings.

          The components of the restructuring charge are as follows (in
thousands):

<Table>
<Caption>
                      Charged       Non-cash      Paid in      Accrued at     Charged       Paid in                       Balance
                      in 2000       Charges         2000        12/31/00      in 2001        2001        Adjustments      12/31/01
                    ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                 <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>            <C>            <C>
Employee
termination costs   $     3,807   $         -   $     1,167   $     2,640   $     1,400   $     3,358    $      (311)   $       371
Real estate costs         9,603             -           317         9,286             -         3,155         (1,036)         5,095
Asset impairments        17,474        15,709           809           956             -           835           (114)             7
Other                     1,122             -           534           588             -           320            (75)           193
                    ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                    $    32,006   $    15,709   $     2,827   $    13,470   $     1,400   $     7,668    $    (1,536)   $     5,666
                    ===============================================================================================================
</Table>

          As a result of the fourth quarter 2000 restructuring, our work force
was reduced by approximately 125 full-time employees. The employee termination
costs primarily represent severance. The real estate costs primarily represent
the estimated net lease expense related to space we decided we no longer needed
and which we will not utilize in the future along with certain required
refurbishments to that space. Some of these leases run through 2011. As part of
the restructuring, we chose to abandon our plan to open a new network operations
center in that leased space. This decision accounted for a significant portion
of the real estate costs and a portion of the asset impairment, as previously
capitalized costs were expensed. Asset impairments are comprised of computer
hardware and software costs related to our plans not to pursue certain potential
product offerings and activities, as well as abandoned equipment and software
projects ($11.0 million). Asset impairments also include costs related to the
abandonment of plans to participate in the establishment of a licensee in Japan
($3.1 million) and other potential product offerings and intellectual property
no longer to be pursued in accordance with our restructuring plan ($1.9
million). Other restructuring charges include professional and other fees and
costs incurred in 2000 associated with the restructuring activities.

          The components of the special charge follow (in thousands):

<Table>
<Caption>
                             Charged     Non-cash    Paid in    Accrued at    Paid in                  Balance
                             in 2000     Charges      2000       12/31/00      2001     Adjustments    12/31/01
                            -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                            <S>         <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>          <C>          <C>
        Employee
        termination costs   $  14,482   $   8,036   $     142   $   6,304   $   6,297    $       -    $       7
        Asset impairments      17,107      13,583       1,915       1,609          25       (1,218)         366
        Other                   3,235           -          55       3,180       1,079            -        2,101
                            -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                            $  34,824   $  21,619   $   2,112   $  11,093   $   7,401    $  (1,218)   $   2,474
                            ===================================================================================
</Table>

          Employee costs primarily represent costs associated with retention
programs and the acceleration of employee loan forgiveness of $8.0 million.
During the fourth quarter 2000, we incurred $5.7 million of expense related to
retention bonuses paid to employees as part of our 2000 turnaround plan.

          Asset impairments consist primarily of the write-down to estimated net
realizable value of receivables or loans (either loans to independent licensees
or receivables that represented reimbursable expenses that were incurred on the
licensee's behalf as part of the contractual arrangement) from independent
licensees that ceased or significantly restructured their operations during the
fourth quarter 2000, including approximately $7.8 million related to MyPrice,
the Australian based company launched in early 2000 to introduce our
buyer-driven commerce platform to Australia and New Zealand, $1.7

                                       51
<Page>

million related to WebHouse Club and $1.1 million related to Perfect Yardsale.
Asset write-downs also includes a charge of $6.3 million of the estimated
unrecoverable reimbursable expenses due to us from Walker Digital in connection
with Walker Digital's contractual obligations to fund certain patent and
intellectual property litigation costs. Other includes estimated amounts accrued
for the litigation related to shareholder lawsuit costs or potential settlements
and amounts accrued for other claims.

          During 2001, we decreased the liability for the restructuring charge
by approximately $1.5 million and the liability for the special charge by
approximately $1.2 million. These reductions, recorded in 2001, resulted from
the favorable resolution in 2001 of certain matters, primarily the collection of
certain receivables and the settlement of real estate commitments, and were
reflected as an adjustment to the appropriate income statement category
originally charged.

          WARRANT COSTS

          In the fourth quarter 2000, we amended the terms of certain warrants
to purchase our common stock held by Delta Air Lines, Inc. As a result, we
recorded an $8.6 million non-cash charge determined by using an option pricing
model. In connection with the amendment, we reduced the number of shares
underlying the warrant to 4.67 million shares from 5.5 million shares and
reduced the exercise price from $56.63 per share to $4.72 per share.

WRITE OFF OF WEBHOUSE CLUB WARRANT

          On October 5, 2000, Priceline.com WebHouse Club, Inc., a privately
held licensee of ours, announced that it would be ceasing operations. In the
fourth quarter 1999, we received a warrant in WebHouse Club in exchange for
services rendered and, upon receipt of the warrant, recognized approximately
$189 million of non-cash income representing the estimated fair value of the
warrant, based on an independent valuation. As a result of WebHouse Club ceasing
operations, in the third quarter 2000, we recorded a non-cash charge of
approximately $189 million to expense the full carrying value of the warrant.

INTEREST INCOME

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                           YEAR ENDED                 %
                                                           DECEMBER 31,             CHANGE
                                                           ------------             ------
                                                              ($000)

                                                       2001          2000
                                                       ----          ----
        <S>                                        <C>            <C>               <C>
        INTEREST INCOME ........................   $      6,996   $      9,687      (27.8%)
</Table>

          For the twelve months ending December 31, 2001, interest income on
cash and marketable securities decreased primarily due to lower interest rates.

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

          As of December 31, 2002, we had approximately $150 million in cash,
cash equivalents, short-term investments and restricted cash. Approximately
$18 million is restricted cash collateralizing certain letters of credit
issued in favor of certain suppliers and landlords. Also included in
restricted cash are amounts held by our credit card processor company. We
generally invest excess cash to make such funds readily available for
operating purposes. Cash equivalents and short-term investments are primarily
comprised of highly liquid, high quality, investment grade debt instruments,
having maturities of less than one year.

                                       52
<Page>

         Because we collect cash up front from our customers and then pay our
suppliers over a ten to fifteen day period, we tend to experience significant
swings in supplier payables depending on the absolute level of our cost of
revenue during the last few weeks of every quarter. This can cause volatility in
working capital levels and impact cash balances more or less than our operating
income would indicate.

         Net cash provided by operating activities during 2002 was $814,000,
resulting from our net loss of $19 million that was offset by non-cash items not
affecting 2002 cash flows of $42 million, and changes in working capital of $22
million. Non-cash items were primarily associated with the impairment charge
from our investments and the depreciation of fixed assets. Net cash provided by
operating activities during 2001 was $28 million, resulting from our net loss of
$7 million, offset by non-cash items of $55 million and changes in working
capital of $20 million.

         Net cash used in investing activities was $25 million and $56 million
for the twelve months ended December 31, 2002 and 2001, respectively. In both
years, net cash used in investing activities was partially related to purchases
of property and equipment. Also affecting net cash used in investing activities
in 2002 and 2001 was the purchase of short-term investments and marketable
securities in the amount of $15 and $39 million, respectively, and in 2001, the
investment in priceline.com europe of approximately $14 million discussed in
more detail below.

         Capital expenditures in 2002 were approximately $9.1 million. Capital
expenditures for additions to property and equipment, is expected to aggregate
approximately $8 to $12 million in 2003. On July 31, 2002, our board of
directors authorized the repurchase of up to $40 million of common stock from
time to time in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. As part
of the stock repurchase program, we purchased 5,387,717 shares of our common
stock for our treasury during the period ended December 31, 2002, at an
aggregate cost of approximately $11.8 million. We may purchase additional shares
of our common stock in the future.

         Net cash used in financing activities was $9 million for the twelve
months ended December 31, 2002. This was primarily the result of our repurchase
of our common stock discussed above, which was partially offset by proceeds from
the exercise of employee stock options. Net cash provided by financing
activities was $51 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2001 and was
primarily the result of the sale of 23.8 million shares of common stock at a
price of $2.10 per share to Hutchison Whampoa Limited and Cheung Kong (Holdings)
Limited in February 2001. Also, we had cash inflow of $10 million related to the
exercise of employee stock options in 2001. Based on public filings with the
Securities and Exchange Commission, Hutchison Whampoa Limited and Cheung Kong
(Holdings) Limited collectively owned approximately 34% of our outstanding
common stock as of December 31, 2002. See "FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT FUTURE
RESULTS - TWO LARGE STOCKHOLDERS BENEFICIALLY OWN APPROXIMATELY 34% OF OUR
STOCK."

         On June 28, 2001 and August 10, 2001, priceline.com europe Ltd.
issued and sold to us an $8.5 million promissory note and a $1.5 million
promissory note, respectively, in exchange for an aggregate of $10.0 million.
On December 21, 2001, we acquired a majority interest in the equity of
priceline.com europe Ltd., $10.0 million of which was paid for by
cancellation of the outstanding promissory notes. The transaction gave us
control of priceline.com europe Ltd. On January 31, 2002, we invested an
additional $10 million in priceline.com Europe Holdings, N. V., our
majority-owned subsidiary and the parent company of priceline.com europe Ltd.
Certain investors in priceline.com Europe Holdings, N V., including certain
affiliates of General Atlantic Partners, LLC, have the right to put their
shares of priceline.com Europe Holdings, N.V. to us, at fair market value, in
the event of a change in control of our Company. These investors own
45,539,999 shares of priceline.com Europe Holdings, N. V.

                                       53
<Page>

         The following table represents the Company's material contractual
obligations and commitments as of December 31, 2002:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                PAYMENTS DUE BY PERIOD (IN THOUSANDS)

                                                               ONE TO        FOUR TO       AFTER
                                                LESS THAN      THREE          FIVE         FIVE
                                    TOTAL       ONE YEAR       YEARS          YEARS        YEARS
<S>                              <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>          <C>
Operating lease obligations      $   20,954    $    2,814    $    4,967    $    4,835   $    8,338

Letters of credit                     9,735         9,680            55             -            -

Employment agreements                 5,587         5,493            94             -            -
                                 ----------    ----------    ----------    ----------   ----------

Total                            $   36,276    $   17,987    $    5,116    $    4,835   $    8,338
                                 ==========    ==========    ==========    ==========   ==========
</Table>

         Priceline.com leases certain property, primarily buildings in Norwalk
and Wilton, Connecticut, Columbus, Ohio and New York City. We also lease a small
amount of office space in Staines, England. These leases are accounted for as
operating leases. The operating lease obligations represent the minimum payments
for our operating leases. See Note 16 to our Consolidated Financial Statements.

         The letters of credit were issued in favor of certain suppliers and
landlords. The letters of credit expire between February of 2003 and April of
2004 and are generally subject to automatic renewal upon expiration of the
letter of credit.

         Our Series B Preferred Stock has a liquidation preference of $1,000
per share plus an amount equal to any dividends accrued or accumulated but
not paid, and is subject to mandatory redemption on February 6, 2007. In the
event that we consummate certain business combination transactions, our
Series B Preferred Stock may be redeemed at the option of the Company or the
holder of our Series B Preferred Stock Delta at the liquidation preference
per outstanding share, plus all dividends accrued but not paid on the shares
and all dividends that would have accrued through February 6, 2007. There
were 13,470 shares of our Series B Preferred Stock outstanding at December
31, 2002. See Notes 11 and 12 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for
more information regarding the rights and preferences of our Series B
Preferred Stock.

         The employment agreements are with certain members of senior management
and provide for minimum annual compensation and include the severance portion of
our restructuring costs.

         We believe that our existing cash balances and liquid resources will be
sufficient to fund our operating activities, capital expenditures and other
obligations through at least the next twelve months. However, if during that
period or thereafter, we are not successful in generating sufficient cash flow
from operations or in raising additional capital when required in sufficient
amounts and on terms acceptable to us, we may be required to reduce our planned
capital expenditures and scale back the scope of our business plan, either of
which could have a material adverse effect on our projected financial condition
or results of operations. If additional funds were raised through the issuance
of equity securities, the percentage ownership of our then current stockholders
would be diluted. There are no assurances that we will generate sufficient cash
flow from operations in the future, that revenue growth will be realized or that
future borrowings or equity contributions will be available in amounts
sufficient to make anticipated capital expenditures or finance our business
plan.

NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

         In June 2001, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the "FASB")
issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 142 ("SFAS 142"),
"Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets," which

                                       54
<Page>

addresses the financial accounting and reporting standards for the acquisition
of intangible assets outside of a business combination and for goodwill and
other intangible assets subsequent to their acquisition. This accounting
standard requires that goodwill be separately disclosed from other intangible
assets in the statement of financial position, and no longer be amortized but
tested for impairment at least annually. SFAS 142 also requires us to complete a
transitional goodwill impairment test six months from the date of adoption. We
adopted the provisions of SFAS 142 effective January 1, 2002, and, as a result,
will not record goodwill amortization. As the acquisition of our majority
interest in priceline.com europe Ltd. occurred after June 30, 2001, we had no
goodwill amortization relating to the acquisition for the year ended December
31, 2001. We completed a goodwill impairment review as of January 1, 2002, using
a fair value approach in accordance with SFAS 142, and found no impairment.
During the third quarter 2002, we performed a subsequent impairment test and
recorded an impairment charge which is described in more detail in Note 7 to our
Consolidated Financial Statements.

         In August 2001, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 144, "Accounting for the
Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets" ("SFAS 144"), which supersedes both
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 121, "Accounting for the
Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and for Long-Lived Assets to Be Disposed of"
("SFAS 121") and the accounting and reporting provisions of APB Opinion No. 30,
"Reporting the Results of Operations Reporting the Effects of Disposal of a
Segment of a Business, and Extraordinary, Unusual and Infrequently Occurring
Events and Transactions" ("Opinion 30"), for the disposal of a segment of a
business (as previously defined in that Opinion). SFAS 144 retains the
fundamental provisions in SFAS 121 for recognizing and measuring impairment
losses on long-lived assets held for use and long-lived assets to be disposed of
by sale, while also resolving significant implementation issues associated with
SFAS 121. SFAS 144 retains the basic provisions of Opinion 30 on how to present
discontinued operations in the income statement but broadens that presentation
to include a component of an entity (rather than a segment of a business).
Unlike SFAS 121, an impairment assessment under SFAS 144 will not result in a
write-down of goodwill. Rather, goodwill is evaluated for impairment under SFAS
No. 142, "Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets." We adopted the provisions of
SFAS 144 effective January 1, 2002.

         In December 2002, the FASB issued SFAS No. 148 "Accounting for
Stock-Based Compensation - Transition and Disclosure." This Statement amends
SFAS No. 123, "Stock-Based Compensation," to provide alternative methods of
transition for a voluntary change to the fair value based method of accounting
for stock-based employee compensation. In addition, this Statement amends the
disclosure requirements of SFAS No. 123 to require prominent disclosures in both
annual and interim financial statements about the method of accounting for
stock-based employee compensation and the effect of the method used on reported
results. The disclosure provisions of this Statement are effective for fiscal
years ending after December 15, 2002 and have been incorporated into our
financial statements and accompanying footnotes.

         In May 2002, the Financial Standards Board ("FASB") issued SFAS No.
145, "Rescission of FASB Statements No. 4, 44 and 64, Amendment of FASB
Statement No. 13, and Technical Corrections." Among other things, under the
provision of FSAS No. 145, gains and losses from the early extinguishment of
debt are no longer classified as an extraordinary item, net of income taxes, but
are included in the determination of pretax earnings. The effective date for
SFAS No. 145 is for fiscal years beginning after May 15, 2002, with early
application encouraged. Upon adoption, all gains and losses from the
extinguishment of debt previously reported as an extraordinary item shall be
reclassified to pretax earnings. It is anticipated that the adoption of SFAS No.
145 will have no impact on our financial position or results of operations.

         In July 2002, the FASB issued SFAS No. 146, "Accounting for Costs
Associated with Exit or Disposal Activities" ("SFAS 146"). This statement
addresses significant issues regarding the recognition, measurement, and
reporting of costs that are associated with exit and disposal activities,
including restructuring activities that are currently accounted for pursuant to
the guidance that the Emerging issues

                                       55
<Page>

Task Force ("EITF") has set forth in EITF Issue No. 94-3, "Liability Recognition
for Certain Employee Termination Benefits and Other Costs to Exit an Activity
(including Certain Costs Incurred in a Restructuring)." The principal difference
between SFAS 146 and EITF 94-3 is that SFAS 146 requires that a liability for a
cost associated with an exit or disposal activity be recognized when the
liability is incurred versus the EITF 94-3 where a liability was recognized on
the date an entity committed to an exit plan. SFAS 146 is effective for exit and
disposal activities that are initiated after December 31, 2002. We will adopt
the new standard effective January 1, 2003.

         In November 2002, the FASB issued FASB Interpretation No. 45 ("FIN
45"), "Guarantor's Accounting and Disclosure Requirements for Guarantees,
Including Indirect Guarantees of Indebtedness of Others". This interpretation
expands the disclosures to be made by a guarantor in its financial statements
about its obligations under certain guarantees and requires the guarantor to
recognize a liability for the fair value of an obligation assumed under a
guarantee. In general, FIN 45 applies to contracts or indemnification
agreements that contingently require the guarantor to make payments to the
guaranteed party based on changes in an underlying instrument that is
related to an asset, liability, or equity security of the guaranteed party.
Certain guarantee contracts are excluded from both the disclosure and
recognition requirements of this interpretation. Other guarantees are subject
to the disclosure requirements of FIN 45 but not to the recognition
provisions and include, among others, a guarantee accounted for as a
derivative instrument under SFAS 133. The disclosure requirements of FIN 45
are effective for us as of December 31, 2002, and require disclosure of the
nature of the guarantee, the maximum potential amount of future payments that
the guarantor could be required to make under the guarantee, and the current
amount of the liability, if any, for the guarantor's obligations under the
guarantee. The recognition requirements of FIN 45 are to be applied
prospectively to guarantees issued or modified after December 31, 2002. We do
not expect the requirements of FIN 45 to have a material impact on results of
operations, financial position or liquidity.

         In January 2002, the FASB issued FASB Interpretation No. 46,
"Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities" which clarifies the application of
Accounting Research Bulletin No. 51, CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, to
certain entities in which equity investors do not have the characteristics of a
controlling financial interest or do not have sufficient equity at risk for the
entity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial
support from other parties. This interpretation applies immediately to variable
interest entities created after January 31, 2003, and to variable interest
entities in which an enterprise obtains an interest after that date. It applies
in the first fiscal year or interim period beginning after June 15, 2003, to
variable interest entities in which an enterprise holds a variable interest that
it acquired before February 1, 2003. We do not have any equity investments in
variable interest entities.

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK

         Priceline.com currently has no floating rate indebtedness, holds no
derivative instruments (other than through investments in licensees described in
this Annual Report on Form 10-K) and does not earn significant foreign-sourced
income. Accordingly, changes in interest rates or currency exchange rates do not
generally have a material direct effect on priceline.com's financial position.
However, changes in currency exchange rates may affect the cost of international
airline tickets and international hotel reservations offered through the
priceline.com service, and so may indirectly affect consumer demand for such
products and priceline.com's revenue. Additionally, fixed rate investments are
subject to interest rate volatility. In the event of such weakness, such
additional US Dollars would have reduced purchasing power. In addition, to the
extent that changes in interest rates and currency exchange rates affect general
economic conditions, priceline.com would also be affected by such changes. If
the US Dollar weakens versus the British Pound Sterling, we may have to invest
additional US Dollars in priceline.com europe Ltd. to fund its ongoing
operations.

                                       56
<Page>

ITEM 8. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

         The following consolidated financial statements of the Company and the
independent auditors' report are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form
10-K (See Item 15).

         Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2002 and December 31,
2001; Consolidated Statements of Operations, Changes in Stockholders' Equity and
Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2002, December 31, 2001 and December
31, 2000; Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements and Independent Auditors'
Report.

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

         None.

                                       57
<Page>

                                    PART III

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

         Information regarding the Company's directors and executive officers
and compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, required by Part III, Item 10, will be included in our Proxy Statement
relating to our 2003 annual meeting of stockholders to be filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of our fiscal
year ended December 31, 2002.

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

         Information required by Part III, Item 11, will be included in our
Proxy Statement relating to our 2003 annual meeting of stockholders to be filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of our
fiscal year ended December 31, 2002.

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND
RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

         Information required by Part III, Item 12, will be included in our
Proxy Statement relating to our 2003 annual meeting of stockholders to be filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of our
fiscal year ended December 31, 2002.

         See the information contained under the heading "Equity Compensation
Plan Information" within Item 5 of this Form 10-K regarding securities
authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans.

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

         Information regarding certain of our relationships and related
transactions will be included in our Proxy Statement relating to our 2003 annual
meeting of stockholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2002.


ITEM 14. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

         Within 90 days prior to the date of this report, we carried out an
evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our principal
executive officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of the
design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on this
evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer
concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective in timely
alerting them to material information required to be included in our periodic
SEC reports. It should be noted that the design of any system of controls is
based in part upon certain assumptions, and there can be no assurance that any
design will succeed in achieving its stated goals.

         In addition, we reviewed our internal controls, and there have been no
significant changes in our internal controls or in other factors that could
significantly affect those controls to the date of their last evaluation.

                                     PART IV

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K.

         (a)   List of Documents Filed as a Part of this Annual Report on Form
10-K:

                                       58
<Page>

         The following consolidated financial statements of the Company and the
independent auditors' report are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form
10-K.

         Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2002 and December 31,
2001; and the related Consolidated Statements of Operations, Changes in
Stockholders' Equity and Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2002,
December 31, 2001, and December 31, 2000; Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements; and Independent Auditors' Report.

         (b)   Reports on Form 8-K:

         During the fourth quarter 2002, priceline.com filed Current Reports on
Form 8-K dated November 6, 2002 and November 26, 2002.

         (c)   Exhibits

         The exhibits listed below are filed as a part of this Annual Report on
Form 10-K

<Table>
<Caption>
  Exhibit
  Number            Description
    <S>           <C>
    2.1(a)        Agreement of Merger, dated as of July 31, 1998, between
                  priceline.com LLC and the Registrant.
    3.1(a)        Form of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
                  of the Registrant.
    3.2(a)        Form of By-Laws of the Registrant.
    4.1           Reference is hereby made to Exhibits 3.1 and 3.2.
    4.2(a)        Specimen Certificate for Registrant's Common Stock.
    4.3(a)        Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated
                  as of December 8, 1998, among the Registrant and certain
                  stockholders of the Registrant.
    10.1.1(a)     1997 Omnibus Plan of the Registrant.
    10.1.2(a)     1999 Omnibus Plan of the Registrant.
    10.2(a)       Stock Purchase Agreement, dated July 31, 1998, among the
                  Registrant and the investors named therein, as amended.
    10.3(a)       Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 8, 1998,
                  among the Registrant and the investors named therein, as
                  amended.
    10.4          Reference is hereby made to Exhibit 4.3.
    10.5(a)       Purchase and Intercompany Services Agreement, dated April
                  6, 1998, among the Registrant, Walker Asset Management
                  Limited Partnership, Walker Digital Corporation and
                  Priceline Travel, Inc.
    10.6.1(a)     Employment Agreement, dated as of January 1, 1998,
                  between Jay S. Walker, Walker Digital Corporation, the
                  Registrant and Jesse M. Fink.
    10.6.2(a)     Amendment No. 1 to Employment Agreement, dated November
                  16, 1998 between the Registrant and Jesse M. Fink.
    10.7.1(a)     Employment Agreement, dated as of July 23, 1998, between
                  the Registrant and Timothy G. Brier.
    10.7.2(a)     Amendment No. 1 to Employment Agreement, dated November
                  16, 1998, between the Registrant and Timothy G. Brier.
    10.8(a)       Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of
                  August 15, 1998, by and between the Registrant and
                  Richard S. Braddock.
    10.9(a)       Airline Participation Agreement, dated April 1998, by and
                  among the Registrant, Priceline Travel, Inc. and Trans
                  World Airlines, Inc.
    10.10(a)+     Airline Participation Agreement, dated October 2, 1998,
                  by and among the Registrant, Priceline Travel, Inc. and
                  Northwest Airlines, Inc.
    10.11.1(a)+   General Agreement, dated August 31, 1998, by and among
                  the Registrant, Priceline Travel, Inc. and Delta Air
                  Lines, Inc.
    10.11.2(a)+   Airline Participation Agreement, dated August 31, 1998,
                  by and among the Registrant, Priceline Travel, Inc. and
                  Delta Air Lines, Inc.
    10.11.3(a)+   Amendment to the Airline Participation Agreement and the
                  General Agreement, dated December 31, 1998, between and
                  among the Registrant, Priceline Travel, Inc. and Delta
                  Air Lines, Inc.
    10.11.4(c)    Letter Agreement, dated July 16, 1999, between the
                  Registrant and Delta Air Lines, Inc.
</Table>

                                       59
<Page>

<Table>
    <S>           <C>
    10.11.5(e)    Master Agreement, dated November 17, 1999, between the
                  Registrant and Delta Air Lines, Inc.
    10.11.6(e)    Amendment to the Airline Participation Agreement and the
                  General Agreement, dated November 17, 1999, by and among
                  the Registrant, Priceline Travel, Inc. and Delta Air
                  Lines, Inc.
    10.11.7+      Participation Warrant Agreement, dated as of November
                  17, 1999, between the Registrant and Delta Air Lines,
                  Inc.
    10.12(a)+     Airline Participation Agreement, dated December 31, 1998,
                  by and among the Registrant, Priceline Travel, Inc. and
                  America West Airlines.
    10.13(a)+     Internet Marketing and Licensing Agreement, as of August
                  1, 1998, between the Registrant and LendingTree, Inc.
    10.14(a)      Systems Access Agreement, dated as of August 4, 1997,
                  between the Registrant and WORLDPAN, L.P.
    10.15(a)      Master Agreement for Outsourcing Call Center Support,
                  dated as of April 6, 1998, between the Registrant and
                  CALLTECH Communications, Incorporated.
    10.16(a)      Form of Participation Warrant Agreement.
    10.17.1(a)+   Participation Warrant Agreement, dated as of December 31,
                  1998.
    10.17.2(a)+   Amendment No. 1, dated as of February 4, 1999, to Warrant
                  Participation Agreement, dated as of December 31, 1998.
    10.17.3(a)+   Amendment No. 2, dated as of March 3, 1999, to
                  Participation Warrant Agreement, dated as of December 31,
                  1998, as previously amended to Amendment No. 1 to Warrant
                  Participation Agreement, dated as of February 4, 1999.
    10.18(c)      Employment Agreement, dated as of June 14, 1999, between
                  the Registrant and Daniel H. Schulman.
    10.19.1(c)    Airline Participation Agreement, dated July 16, 1999,
                  between the Registrant and Continental Airlines, Inc.
    10.19.2(c)    Participation Warrant Agreement, dated July 16, 1999,
                  between the Registrant and Continental Airlines, Inc.
    10.19.3(e)    First Amendment to Participation Warrant Agreement, dated
                  as of November 17, 1999, by and between the Registrant
                  and Continental Airlines, Inc.
    10.19.4+      Participation Warrant Agreement, dated November 17, 1999,
                  between the Registrant and Continental Airlines, Inc.
    10.20(d)      License Agreement, dated July 20, 1999 between Walker
                  Digital Corporation and the Registrant.
    10.21(e)      Sublease, dated October 1999, between Oxford Health
                  Plans, Inc., as Sub-Landlord, and the Registrant, as
                  Sub-Tenant, and Agreement of Lease, dated June 16, 1993,
                  as amended, between Prudential Insurance Company of
                  America, as Landlord, and Oxford Health Plans, Inc., as
                  Tenant.
    10.22.1(e)    Securityholders' Agreement, dated as of October 26, 1999,
                  among the Registrant, Priceline WebHouse Club, Inc.,
                  Walker Digital, LLC and the Investors signatory thereto.
    10.22.2+      Intellectual Property License Agreement, dated as of
                  October 26, 1999, between the Registrant and Priceline
                  WebHouse Club, Inc.
    10.22.3+      Marketing and Technical Services Agreement, dated as of
                  October 26, 1999, between the Registrant and Priceline
                  WebHouse Club, Inc.
    10.22.4+      Warrant Agreement, dated as of October 26, 1999, between
                  the Registrant and Priceline WebHouse Club, Inc.
    10.22.5+      Services Agreement, dated as of October 26, 1999, between
                  the Registrant and Priceline WebHouse Club, Inc.
    10.23.1+      Airline Participation Agreement, dated as of November 15,
                  1999, by and between the Registrant and United Air Lines,
                  Inc.
    10.23.2+      Participation Warrant Agreement, dated as of November 15,
                  1999, by and between the Registrant and United Air Lines,
                  Inc.
    10.24.1+      Airline Participation Agreement, dated as of November 17,
                  1999, by and between the Registrant and US Airways, Inc.
    10.24.2+      Participation Warrant Agreement, dated as of November 17,
                  1999, by and between the Registrant and US Airways, Inc.
    10.25.1+      Airline Participation Agreement, dated as of November 17,
                  1999, by and between the Registrant and American
                  Airlines, Inc.
    10.25.2+      Participation Warrant Agreement, dated as of November 17,
                  1999, by and between the Registrant and American
                  Airlines, Inc.
    10.26+        Participation Warrant Agreement, dated as of November 17,
                  1999, by and between the Registrant and Trans World
                  Airlines, Inc.
    10.27+        Participation Warrant Agreement, dated as of November 17,
                  1999, by and between the Registrant and Northwest
                  Airlines, Inc.
    10.28+        Participation Warrant Agreement, dated as of November 17,
                  1999, by and between the Registrant and America West
                  Airlines
</Table>

                                       60
<Page>

<Table>
    <S>           <C>
    10.29(e)      Continuing Employment Agreement, dated as of December 16,
                  1999, between the Registrant and Melissa M. Taub.
    10.30(f)      Employment Agreement, dated December 3, 1999, between the
                  Registrant and Michael McCadden.
    10.31(f)      Employment Agreement, dated December 30, 1999 between the
                  Registrant and Jeffery H. Boyd.
    10.32(f)      Employment Agreement, dated February 18, 2000, between
                  the Registrant and Heidi G. Miller.
    10.33(f)      Promissory Note, dated February 10, 2000 between Jeffery
                  H. Boyd and the Registrant.
    10.34(f)      Amendment to Promissory Note, dated March 28, 2000,
                  between Jeffery H. Boyd and the Registrant.
    10.35(f)      Promissory Note, dated March 7, 2000, between Heidi G.
                  Miller and the Registrant.
    10.36(f)      Stock Option Agreement, dated February 18, 2000, by and
                  between the Registrant and Heidi G. Miller.
    10.37(f)      Amendment to Promissory Note, dated March 28, 2000,
                  between Daniel H. Schulman and the Registrant.
    10.38(f)      Amendment Number One to the Priceline.com Incorporated
                  1999 Omnibus Plan.
    10.39(f)+     Formation and Funding Agreement, dated as of March 17,
                  2000, by and between the Registrant and Alliance
                  Partners, L.P.
    10.40(g)      Certificate of Designation, Preferences and Rights of
                  Series A Convertible Redeemable PIK Preferred Stock of
                  priceline.com Incorporated.
    10.41(g)      priceline.com Incorporated 1999 Omnibus Plan, as amended.
    10.42(g)      Amended and Restated Promissory Note, dated May 18, 2000,
                  between priceline.com Incorporated and Daniel H.
                  Schulman.
    10.43(g)      Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated June 12, 2000,
                  between priceline.com Incorporated and Richard Braddock
    10.44(g)      Lease, dated as of May 1, 2000, between the parties
                  listed therein, as Landlord and priceline.com
                  Incorporated, as Tenant.
    10.45(g)      Convertible Note, dated June 27, 2000, between
                  Hutchison-Priceline Limited, as obligor, and PCLN Asia,
                  Inc., as holder.
    10.46(h)      Amended and Restated Promissory Note, dated August 21,
                  2000, between priceline.com Incorporated and Heidi
                  Miller.
    10.47(h)      Amendment Employment Agreement, dated August 21, 2000,
                  between priceline.com Incorporated and Heidi Miller.
    10.48(h)      Second Amended and Restate Promissory Note, dated August
                  21, 2000, between priceline.com Incorporated and Jeffery
                  H. Boyd.
    10.49(h)      Amendment to Offer Letter, dated August 21, 2000, between
                  priceline.com Incorporated and Jeffery H. Boyd.
    10.50(h)      Second Amended and Restated Promissory Note, dated August
                  21, 2000, between priceline.com Incorporated and Daniel
                  H. Schulman.
    10.51(h)      Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated August 21, 2000,
                  between priceline.com Incorporated and Daniel H.
                  Schulman.
    10.52(i)      Certificate of Designation, Preferences and Rights of
                  Series B Redeemable Preferred Stock of priceline.com
                  Incorporated.
    10.53(i)      Warrant Agreement, dated February 6, 2001, by and between
                  priceline.com Incorporated and Delta Air Lines, Inc.
    10.54(i)      Stockholder Agreement, dated February 6, 2001, between
                  priceline.com Incorporated and Delta Air Lines, Inc.
    10.55(j)      Priceline.com 2000 Employee Stock Option Plan.
    10.56(j)      Employment Agreement, dated November 20, 2000, between
                  priceline.com Incorporated and Robert Mylod.
    10.57(k)      Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 15, 2001,
                  among priceline.com Incorporated, Prime Pro Group Limited
                  and Forthcoming Era Limited.
    10.58(k)      Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of February 15,
                  2001, among priceline.com Incorporated, Prime Pro Group
                  Limited and Forthcoming Era Limited.
    10.59(l)      Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated December
                  20, 2000, by and between priceline.com Incorporated and
                  Daniel H. Schulman.
    10.60(l)      Promissory Note, dated July 2, 1999, by and between
                  priceline.com Incorporated and Daniel H. Schulman
    10.61(l)      Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated November
                  20, 2000, by and between priceline.com Incorporated and
                  Jeffery H. Boyd.
    10.62(l)      Stock Option and Restricted Stock Agreement, dated
                  November 20, 2000, by and between priceline.com Incorporated
                  and Robert Mylod.
    10.63(l)      Employment Agreement, dated November 20, 2000, by and
                  between priceline.com Incorporated and W. Michael
                  McCadden.
</Table>

                                       61
<Page>

<Table>
    <S>           <C>
    10.64(l)      Employment Agreement, dated December 20, 2000, by and
                  between priceline.com Incorporated and Ronald Rose.
    10.65(l)      Amended Participation Warrant Agreement, dated November
                  2, 2000, by and between priceline.com Incorporated and
                  Delta Air Lines, Inc.
    10.66(m)      Employment Letter, dated February 9, 2001, by and between
                  priceline.com Incorporated and Peter J. Millones
    10.67(n)      Stockholders' Agreement by and among priceline.com
                  Incorporated, Prime Pro Group Limited, Forthcoming Era
                  Limited, Potton Resources Limited and Ultimate Pioneer
                  Limited, dated as of June 5, 2001.
    10.68(o)      Priceline.com 1999 Omnibus Plan, as amended.
    10.69(p)      Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated June 15, 2001,
                  by and between priceline.com and Robert Mylod.
    10.70(q)      Amendment to Amended & Restated Employment Agreement,
                  dated December 10, 2001 by and between priceline.com
                  Incorporated and Jeffery Boyd.
    10.71+(q)     Subscriber Entity Agreement, dated October 1, 2001, by
                  and between Worldspan, L.P. and priceline.com
                  Incorporated.
    10.72+(q)     Amendment to the Worldspan, L.P. Subscriber Agreement,
                  dated October 1, 2001, by and between Worldspan, L.P. and
                  priceline.com Incorporated.
    10.73(q)      Employment Letter Agreement, dated January 2, 2002, by
                  and between priceline.com Incorporated and Brett Keller.
    10.74(r)      Employment Agreement, dated August 22, 2002, by and
                  between priceline.com Incorporated and Mitch Truwit.
    23.1          Consent of Deloitte & Touche LLP.
    99.1(s)       Certification of Jeffery H. Boyd, pursuant to Section 906
                  of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Subsections (a) and
                  (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United
                  States Code).
    99.2(s)       Certification of Robert J. Mylod, pursuant to Section 906
                  of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Subsections (a) and
                  (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United
                  States Code).
</Table>

    (a)    Previously filed as an exhibit to the Form S-1 (Registration No.
           333-69657) filed in connection with priceline.com's initial
           public offering and incorporated herein by reference.
    (b)    Previously filed as an exhibit to the Form 10-Q filed on May 17,
           1999 and incorporated herein by reference.
    (c)    Previously filed as an exhibit to the Form S-1 (Registration No.
           333-83513) filed in connection with priceline.com's secondary
           public offering and incorporated herein by reference.
    (d)    Previously filed as an exhibit to the Form 10-Q for the
           quarterly period ended September 30, 1999.
    (e)    Previously filed as an exhibit to the Form 10-K for the year
           ended December 31, 1999.
    (f)    Previously filed as an exhibit to the Form 10-Q for the
           quarterly period ended March 31, 2000.
    (g)    Previously filed as an exhibit to the Form 10-Q for the
           quarterly period ended June 30, 2000.
    (h)    Previously filed as an exhibit to the Form 10-Q for the
           quarterly period ended September 30, 2000.
    (i)    Previously filed as an exhibit to the Form 8-K filed on February
           8, 2001.
    (j)    Previously filed as an exhibit to the Form S-8 (Registration No.
           333-55578) filed on February 14, 2001.
    (k)    Previously filed as an exhibit to the Form 8-K filed on February
           20, 2001.
    (l)    Previously filed as an exhibit to the Form 10-K for the year
           ended December 31, 2000.
    (m)    Previously filed as an exhibit to the Form 10-Q for the
           quarterly period ended March 31, 2001.
    (n)    Previously filed as an exhibit to the Form 8-K filed on June 6,
           2001.
    (o)    Previously filed as an exhibit to the Form S-8 (Registration No.
           333-65034) filed on July 13, 2001.
    (p)    Previously filed as an exhibit to the Form 10-Q for the
           quarterly period ended June 30, 2001.
    (q)    Previously filed as an exhibit to the Form 10-K for the year
           ended December 31, 2001.
    (r)    Previously filed as an exhibit to the Form 10-Q for the
           quarterly period ended September 30, 2002.
    (s)    This document is being furnished in accordance with SEC Release
           Nos. 33-8212 and 34-47551.
     +     Certain portions of this document have been omitted pursuant to
           a confidential treatment request.

                                       62
<Page>

                                   SIGNATURES

         Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                                           PRICELINE.COM INCORPORATED


                                           By:    /s/ Jeffery H. Boyd
                                                --------------------------------
                                                  Name:  Jeffery H. Boyd
                                                  Title: Chief Executive Officer
                                                  Date:  March 26, 2003

         Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

<Table>
<Caption>
SIGNATURE                               TITLE                                                  DATE
---------                               -----                                                  ----
  <S>                                   <C>                                                    <C>
  /s/ Richard S. Braddock               Chairman                                               March 26, 2003
-------------------------------------   and Director
  Richard S. Braddock


  /s/ Jeffery H. Boyd                   President, Chief Executive Officer and                 March 26, 2003
-------------------------------------   Director (Principal Executive Officer)
  Jeffery H. Boyd


  /s/ Thomas P. D'Angelo                Senior Vice President, Finance and Controller          March 26, 2003
-------------------------------------   (Principal Accounting Officer)
  Thomas P. D'Angelo


  /s/ Robert J. Mylod Jr.               Chief Financial Officer                                March 26, 2003
-------------------------------------   (Principal Financial Officer)
  Robert J. Mylod Jr.


  /s/ Paul A. Allaire                   Director                                               March 26, 2003
-------------------------------------
  Paul A. Allaire


  /s/ Ralph M. Bahna                    Director                                               March 26, 2003
-------------------------------------
  Ralph M. Bahna


  /s/ Howard W. Barker, Jr.             Director                                               March 26, 2003
-------------------------------------
  Howard W. Barker, Jr.
</Table>

                                       63
<Page>

<Table>
<Caption>
SIGNATURE                               TITLE                                                  DATE
---------                               -----                                                  ----
  <S>                                   <C>                                                    <C>
  /s/ Edmond Ip                         Director                                               March 26, 2003
-------------------------------------
  Edmond Ip


  /s/ Dominic Lai                       Director                                               March 26, 2003
-------------------------------------
  Dominic Lai


  /s/ Marshall Loeb                     Director                                               March 26, 2003
-------------------------------------
  Marshall Loeb


  /s/ Nicholas J. Nicholas, Jr.         Director                                               March 26, 2003
-------------------------------------
  Nicholas J. Nicholas, Jr.


  /s/ Nancy B. Peretsman                Director                                               March 26, 2003
-------------------------------------
  Nancy B. Peretsman


  /s/ Ian F. Wade                       Director                                               March 26, 2003
-------------------------------------
  Ian F. Wade
</Table>

                                       64
<Page>

                                 CERTIFICATIONS

         I, Jeffery H. Boyd, certify that:

         1.    I have reviewed the Annual Report on Form 10-K of priceline.com
Incorporated (the "Registrant");

         2.    Based on my knowledge, this Annual Report does not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
in order to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which
such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
this Annual Report;

         3.    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this Annual Report, fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this Annual Report;

         4.    The Registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14) for the Registrant and we have:

               a.  designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure
                   that material information relating to the Registrant,
                   including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us
                   by others within those entities, particularly during the
                   period in which this Annual Report is being prepared;

               b.  evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant's disclosure
                   controls and procedures as of a date within 90 days prior to
                   the filing date of this Annual Report (the "Evaluation
                   Date"); and

               c.  presented in this Annual Report our conclusions about the
                   effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based
                   on our evaluation as of the Evaluation Date;

         5.    The Registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation, to the Registrant's auditors and the audit
committee of the Registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the
equivalent function):

               a.  all significant deficiencies in the design or operation of
                   internal controls which could adversely affect the
                   Registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report
                   financial data and have identified for the Registrant's
                   auditors any material weaknesses in internal controls; and

               b.  any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
                   or other employees who have a significant role in the
                   Registrant's internal controls; and

         6.    The Registrant's other certifying officer and I have indicated in
this Annual Report whether or not there were significant changes in internal
controls or in other factors that could significantly affect internal controls
subsequent to the date of our most recent evaluation, including any corrective
actions with regard to significant deficiencies and material weaknesses.


Dated:  March 26, 2003                       /s/ Jeffery H. Boyd
                                           -------------------------------------
                                      Name:  Jeffery H. Boyd
                                      Title: President & Chief Executive Officer

                                       65
<Page>

                                 CERTIFICATIONS

         I, Robert J. Mylod, certify that:

         1.    I have reviewed the Annual Report on Form 10-K of priceline.com
Incorporated (the "Registrant");

         2.    Based on my knowledge, this Annual Report does not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
in order to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which
such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
this Annual Report;

         3.    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this Annual Report, fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this Annual Report;

         4.    The Registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14) for the Registrant and we have:

               a.  designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure
                   that material information relating to the Registrant,
                   including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us
                   by others within those entities, particularly during the
                   period in which this Annual Report is being prepared;

               b.  evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant's disclosure
                   controls and procedures as of a date within 90 days prior to
                   the filing date of this Annual Report (the "Evaluation
                   Date"); and

               c.  presented in this Annual Report our conclusions about the
                   effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based
                   on our evaluation as of the Evaluation Date;

         5.    The Registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation, to the Registrant's auditors and the audit
committee of the Registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the
equivalent function):

               a.  all significant deficiencies in the design or operation of
                   internal controls which could adversely affect the
                   Registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report
                   financial data and have identified for the Registrant's
                   auditors any material weaknesses in internal controls; and

               b.  any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
                   or other employees who have a significant role in the
                   Registrant's internal controls; and

         6.    The Registrant's other certifying officer and I have indicated in
this Annual Report whether or not there were significant changes in internal
controls or in other factors that could significantly affect internal controls
subsequent to the date of our most recent evaluation, including any corrective
actions with regard to significant deficiencies and material weaknesses.


Dated:  March 26, 2003                              /s/ Robert J. Mylod
                                                    --------------------------
                                           Name:    Robert J. Mylod
                                           Title:   Chief Financial Officer

                                       66
<Page>

                   INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                                                           Page No.
                                                                                                           --------
<S>                                                                                                        <C>
Independent Auditors' Report..................................................................................68

Consolidated Balance Sheets for the years ended December 31, 2002 and
December 31, 2001.............................................................................................69

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2002,
December 31, 2001 and December 31, 2000.......................................................................70

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity for the years ended
December 31, 2002, December 31, 2001 and December 31, 2000....................................................71

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2002,
December 31, 2001 and December 31, 2000.......................................................................72

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements....................................................................73
</Table>

                                       67
<Page>

                          INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT

   To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of
   priceline.com Incorporated

         We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of
priceline.com Incorporated (the "Company") as of December 31, 2002 and 2001, and
the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders'
equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December
31, 2002. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the
Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these
consolidated financial statements based on our audits.

         We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally
accepted in the United States of America. Those standards required that we plan
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a
test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

         In our opinion, such consolidated financial statements present fairly,
in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December
31, 2002 and 2001, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each
of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2002, in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.


/s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP


Stamford, Connecticut
February 10, 2003

                                       68
<Page>

                           priceline.com INCORPORATED
                           CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
                        (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE DATA)

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                              DECEMBER 31,
ASSETS                                                                    2002            2001
                                                                      ----------------------------
<S>                                                                   <C>             <C>
 Current assets:
    Cash and cash equivalents .....................................   $     67,182    $     99,943
    Restricted cash ...............................................         18,248          15,396
    Short-term investments ........................................         64,154          49,269
    Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of
      $1,262 and $4,170, respectively .............................         13,636          15,665
    Prepaid expenses and other current assets .....................          6,348           5,038
                                                                      ----------------------------
      Total current assets ........................................        169,568         185,311
 Property and equipment, net ......................................         21,413          32,266
 Goodwill .........................................................         10,517          23,646
 Other assets, primarily related parties ..........................          9,664          20,967
                                                                      ----------------------------
      Total assets ................................................   $    211,162    $    262,190
                                                                      ============================

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

Current liabilities:
    Accounts payable ..............................................   $     35,375    $     45,941
    Accrued expenses ..............................................         27,889          36,240
    Other current liabilities .....................................          2,063           5,115
                                                                      ----------------------------
         Total current liabilities.................................         65,327          87,296
    Long-term accrued expenses ....................................            715           2,838
                                                                      ----------------------------
         Total liabilities ........................................         66,042          90,134

Commitments and Contingencies (See Notes)

SERIES B MANDATORILY REDEEMABLE PREFERRED STOCK, $0.01 par value;
80,000 authorized shares; $1,000 liquidation value per share;
80,000 shares issued 13,470 and 25,345 shares outstanding,
respectively ......................................................         13,470          25,345

Stockholders' equity:

    Common stock, $0.008 par value, authorized 1,000,000,000
    shares, 235,549,173 and 229,487,885 shares issued,
    respectively ..................................................          1,884           1,836
      Treasury stock, 10,837,953 and 5,450,236 shares, respectively       (338,410)       (326,633)
      Additional paid-in capital ..................................      2,033,944       2,015,849
      Accumulated deficit .........................................     (1,565,869)     (1,544,341)
      Accumulated other comprehensive income:
        Cumulative currency translation adjustment ................            101               -
                                                                      ----------------------------
        Total stockholders' equity ................................        131,650         146,711
                                                                      ----------------------------

      Total liabilities and stockholders' equity ..................   $    211,162    $    262,190
                                                                      ============================
</Table>

                 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

                                       69
<Page>

                           priceline.com INCORPORATED
                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
                      (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                     YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                           --------------------------------------------
                                                               2002            2001            2000
                                                           --------------------------------------------
<S>                                                        <C>             <C>             <C>
Travel revenues ........................................   $    996,815    $  1,162,223    $  1,217,160
Other revenues .........................................          6,791           9,530          18,236
                                                           ------------    ------------    ------------
  Total revenues .......................................      1,003,606       1,171,753       1,235,396

Cost of travel revenues ................................        844,142         976,035       1,038,783
Cost of other revenues .................................          1,098           2,812           2,921
Supplier warrant costs .................................              -               -           1,523
                                                           ------------    ------------    ------------
  Total costs of revenues ..............................        845,240         978,847       1,043,227
                                                           ------------    ------------    ------------

Gross profit ...........................................        158,366         192,906         192,169
                                                           ------------    ------------    ------------

Operating expenses:
  Sales and marketing ..................................         82,741         115,366         148,133
  General and administrative, including $120, $909,
  and $8,788 of option payroll taxes, respectively .....         29,273          29,568          60,982
  Stock based compensation .............................          1,000          16,508           1,711
  Systems and business development .....................         40,964          41,293          39,192
  Special charge (reversal) ............................           (200)         (1,218)         34,824
  Restructuring charge (reversal) ......................          3,738            (136)         32,006
  Severance charge (reversal) ..........................            (55)          5,412               -
  Impairment charge ....................................         24,229               -               -
  Warrant costs, net ...................................              -               -           8,595
  Write-off of WebHouse warrant ........................              -               -         189,000
                                                           ------------    ------------    ------------

  Total operating expenses .............................        181,690         206,793         514,443
                                                           ------------    ------------    ------------

Operating loss .........................................        (23,324)        (13,887)       (322,274)
Other income:
  Loss on sale of equity investment ....................              -            (946)         (2,558)
  Interest income ......................................          2,843           6,996           9,687
  Equity in net income of pricelinemortgage ............          1,131             551               -
  Other ................................................            166             (17)              -
                                                           ------------    ------------    ------------
  Total other income ...................................          4,140           6,584           7,129
                                                           ------------    ------------    ------------

Net loss ...............................................        (19,184)         (7,303)       (315,145)
Preferred stock dividend ...............................         (2,344)         (8,563)        (14,382)
                                                           ------------    ------------    ------------
Net loss applicable to common stockholders .............   $    (21,528)   $    (15,866)   $   (329,527)
                                                           ============    ============    ============
Net loss applicable to common stockholders per basic and
diluted common share ...................................   $      (0.09)   $      (0.08)   $      (1.97)
                                                           ============    ============    ============
Weighted average number of basic and diluted common
shares outstanding .....................................        227,283         205,000         166,952
                                                           ============    ============    ============
</Table>

                 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

                                       70
<Page>

                           priceline.com Incorporated
           CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
              FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2002, 2001 AND 2000
                                 (In thousands)

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                                                              ACCUMULATED
                                                                              ADDITIONAL                         OTHER
                                                    COMMON STOCK               PAID-IN       ACCUMULATED     COMPREHENSIVE
                                                SHARES          AMOUNT         CAPITAL         DEFICIT       INCOME/(LOSS)
                                             ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                               <C>        <C>             <C>            <C>              <C>
Balance, January 1, 2000                          163,867    $      1,311    $  1,581,708   $  (1,180,383)   $            -

Net loss applicable to common stockholders              -               -               -        (329,527)                -
Unrealized loss on investments                          -               -               -               -            (1,156)

    Total comprehensive loss                            -               -               -               -                 -

Exchange of common stock for Series A
  mandatorily redeemable preferred stock                -               -               -               -                 -
Issuance of common stock under
  deferred compensation plans                       7,450              60          14,705               -                 -
Amortization of deferred compensation                   -               -               -               -                 -
Exercise of options and warrants                   10,481              83          13,948               -                 -
Warrants to purchase common stock                       -               -           8,595               -                 -
Common stock dividends on series A
  mandatorily redeemable preferred stock                -               -               -         (18,565)                -
                                             ------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Balance, December 31, 2000                        181,798    $      1,454    $  1,618,956    $ (1,528,475)   $       (1,156)
                                             ==============================================================================

Net loss applicable to common stockholders              -               -               -         (15,866)                -
Sale of equity investments                              -               -               -               -             1,156
Exchange of preferred stock                             -               -         279,530               -                 -
Issuance of common stock under
  deferred compensation plans                         170               1             525               -                 -
Cancellation of common stock under
  deferred compensation plans                        (500)             (4)           (762)              -                 -
Amortization and acceleration of
  deferred compensation                                 -               -             582               -                 -
Shares reacquired for withholding taxes            (1,754)            (14)         (8,702)              -                 -
Issuance of preferred stock dividend                  986               8           8,555               -                 -
Sale of common stock                               23,810             191          49,318               -                 -
Exercise of options and warrants                   24,978             200          67,847               -                 -
                                             ------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Balance, December 31, 2001                        229,488    $      1,836    $  2,015,849    $ (1,544,341)   $            -
                                             ==============================================================================

Net loss applicable to common stockholders              -               -               -         (21,528)                -
Currency translation adjustment                         -               -               -               -               101

Total comprehensive loss:                               -               -               -               -                 -
Repurchase of common stock                              -               -               -               -                 -
Issuance of common stock under deferred
  compensation plans                                  184               1             749               -                 -
Issuance of preferred stock dividend                  696               6           2,338               -                 -
Exercise of options and warrants                    5,181              41          15,008               -                 -
                                             ------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Balance, December 31, 2002                        235,549    $      1,884    $  2,033,944    $ (1,565,869)   $          101
                                             ==============================================================================

<Caption>
                                                    TREASURY STOCK             DEFERRED
                                                SHARES          AMOUNT       COMPENSATION       TOTAL
                                             ------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                               <C>        <C>             <C>             <C>
Balance, January 1, 2000                                -    $          -    $          -    $    402,636

Net loss applicable to common stockholders              -               -               -        (329,527)
Unrealized loss on investments                          -               -               -          (1,156)
                                                                                             ------------
    Total comprehensive loss                            -               -               -        (330,683)

Exchange of common stock for Series A
  mandatorily redeemable preferred stock           (6,000)       (359,580)              -        (359,580)
Issuance of common stock under
  deferred compensation plans                           -               -         (14,765)              -
Amortization of deferred compensation                   -               -           1,712           1,712
Exercise of options and warrants                        -               -               -          14,031
Warrants to purchase common stock                       -               -               -           8,595
Common stock dividends on series A
  mandatorily redeemable preferred stock              550          32,947               -          14,382
                                             ------------------------------------------------------------

Balance, December 31, 2000                         (5,450)   $   (326,633)   $    (13,053)   $   (248,907)
                                             ============================================================

Net loss applicable to common stockholders              -               -               -         (15,866)
Sale of equity investments                              -               -               -           1,156
Exchange of preferred stock                             -               -               -         279,530
Issuance of common stock under
  deferred compensation plans                           -               -            (526)              -
Cancellation of common stock under
  deferred compensation plans                           -               -             766               -
Amortization and acceleration of
  deferred compensation                                 -               -          12,813          13,395
Shares reacquired for withholding taxes                 -               -               -          (8,716)
Issuance of preferred stock dividend                    -               -               -           8,563
Sale of common stock                                    -               -               -          49,509
Exercise of options and warrants                        -               -               -          68,047
                                             ------------------------------------------------------------

Balance, December 31, 2001                         (5,450)   $   (326,633)   $          -    $    146,711
                                             ============================================================

Net loss applicable to common stockholders              -               -               -         (21,528)
Currency translation adjustment                         -               -               -             101
                                                                                             ------------
Total comprehensive loss:                               -               -               -    $    (21,427)
Repurchase of common stock                         (5,388)        (11,777)              -         (11,777)
Issuance of common stock under deferred
  compensation plans                                    -               -               -             750
Issuance of preferred stock dividend                    -               -               -           2,344
Exercise of options and warrants                        -               -               -          15,049
                                             ------------------------------------------------------------

Balance, December 31, 2002                        (10,838)   $   (338,410)   $          -    $    131,650
                                             ============================================================
</Table>

                 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

                                       71
<Page>

                           priceline.com INCORPORATED
                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                      YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                               2002            2001            2000
                                                           --------------------------------------------
<S>                                                        <C>             <C>             <C>
OPERATING ACTIVITIES:
Net loss ...............................................   $    (19,184)   $     (7,303)   $   (315,145)
Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in
  (provided by) operating activities:
  Depreciation and amortization ........................         18,265          16,578          17,385
  Provision for uncollectible accounts, net ............             26          18,548           7,354
  Warrant costs ........................................              -               -           8,595
  WebHouse warrant .....................................              -               -         189,000
  Net loss on disposal of property and equipment .......          1,098              17          12,398
  Net loss on sale of equity investments ...............              -             946           2,558
  Impairment of Myprice loan ...........................              -               -           4,886
  Equity in net income of pricelinemortgage ............         (1,131)           (551)              -
  Impairment charge ....................................         24,229               -               -
  Non-cash severance ...................................              -           3,076               -
  Enhanced withholding on restricted shares ............              -           3,136               -
  Compensation expense arising from deferred stock
    awards .............................................              -          13,395           1,711
  Changes in assets and liabilities:
    Accounts receivable ................................          2,003         (19,768)          7,401
    Prepaid expenses and other current assets ..........           (809)            699           2,076
    Related party receivables ..........................              -               -          (3,484)
    Accounts payable and accrued expenses ..............        (22,882)         (1,501)         45,155
    Other ..............................................           (801)            824           1,276
                                                           ------------    ------------    ------------
  Net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities ..            814          28,096         (18,834)
                                                           ------------    ------------    ------------
INVESTING ACTIVITIES:
  Additions to property and equipment ..................         (9,127)         (9,415)        (37,320)
  Proceeds from sales of fixed assets ..................            230             170               -
  Proceeds/(purchase) of convertible notes and warrants
    of licensees, primarily related parties ............          1,840               -         (25,676)
  Proceeds from sales/maturities of investments ........              -             770          31,101
  (Funding) return of restricted cash and bank
    certificate of deposit .............................         (2,852)          2,646          (5,661)
  Investment in priceline.com europe Ltd. ..............              -         (14,248)              -
  Cash acquired from acquisition of priceline.com europe
    Ltd ................................................              -           2,779               -
  Investment in short-term investments/marketable
    securities, net ....................................        (14,885)        (38,878)         (5,000)
                                                           ------------    ------------    ------------
  Net cash used in investing activities ................        (24,794)        (56,176)        (42,556)
                                                           ------------    ------------    ------------
FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
  Shares reacquired for withholding taxes ..............              -          (8,716)              -
  Repurchase of common stock ...........................        (11,777)              -               -
  Proceeds from sale of common stock/purchase of
    warrants, net ......................................              -          49,459               -
  Proceeds from exercise of stock options ..............          3,171          10,256          14,031
                                                           ------------    ------------    ------------
  Net cash (used in)/provided by financing activities ..         (8,606)         50,999          14,031
                                                           ------------    ------------    ------------
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash
  equivalents ..........................................           (175)              -               -
NET (DECREASE)/INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS ...        (32,761)         22,919         (47,359)
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, BEGINNING OF PERIOD .........         99,943          77,024         124,383
                                                           ------------    ------------    ------------
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, END OF PERIOD ...............   $     67,182    $     99,943    $     77,024
                                                           ============    ============    ============
SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION:
  Cash paid during the period for interest .............   $          -    $          -    $          4
                                                           ============    ============    ============
  Acquisition of priceline.com europe Ltd. .............   $          -    $      7,896    $          -
                                                           ============    ============    ============
</Table>

                 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

                                       72
<Page>

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

1.       BUSINESS DESCRIPTION

         Priceline.com Incorporated ("priceline.com", or the "Company") has
pioneered a unique e-commerce pricing system known as a "demand collection
system" that enables consumers to use the Internet to save money on products and
services while enabling sellers to generate incremental revenue. Using a simple
and compelling consumer proposition - NAME YOUR OWN PRICE(SM) - priceline.com
collects consumer demand, in the form of individual customer offers, for a
particular product or service at a price set by the customer. The Company then
accesses a proprietary database of inventory available to the Company for
purchase and, based upon the customer's offer price, then elects whether or not
to accept that customer offer. Substantially all of our revenues are generated
in the United States.

2.       SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

         BASIS OF PRESENTATION - The consolidated financial statements include
the accounts of the Company and its majority owned subsidiary, priceline.com
Europe Holdings N. V. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions
have been eliminated. Investments in affiliates in which the Company does not
have control, but has the ability to exercise significant influence (generally
20-50% ownership), are accounted for by the equity method. Certain
reclassifications have been made to prior years financial statements to conform
to current year presentation. These reclassifications had no impact on
previously reported net income or stockholders' equity.

         USE OF ESTIMATES - The preparation of financial statements in
conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to
make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities, and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of
the financial statements and reported amount of revenues and expenses during the
reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

         FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - The Company's financial
instruments, including cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, accounts
receivable-net and accounts payable, are carried at cost which approximates
their fair value because of the short-term maturity of these financial
instruments.

         CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND SHORT-TERM INVESTMENTS - The Company
invests excess cash primarily in money market accounts, certificates of
deposits, and short-term commercial paper. All highly liquid instruments with an
original maturity of three months or less are considered cash equivalents.
Short-term investments are primarily fixed interest U.S. and corporate
obligations and are carried at cost, which approximates fair value.

         RESTRICTED CASH - Restricted cash collateralizes letters of credit
issued in favor of certain suppliers and landlords. The letters of credit expire
between February of 2003 through April of 2004 and are generally subject to
automatic renewal upon expiration of the letter of credit. Also included in
restricted cash are amounts held by our credit card processor company.

         PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT - Property and equipment are stated at cost less
accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization of
property and equipment is computed on a straight-line basis, over the estimated
useful lives of the assets or, when applicable, the life of the lease, whichever
is shorter.

         GOODWILL - In June 2001, the Financial Accounting Standards Board
issued Statements of Financial Accounting Standards ("SFAS") No. 141, "Business
Combinations", and SFAS No. 142, "Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets." SFAS
No. 141 requires that all business combinations be accounted for under the
purchase method only and that certain acquired intangible assets in a business
combination be recognized as assets apart from goodwill. SFAS No. 142 requires
that ratable

                                       73
<Page>

amortization of goodwill be replaced with periodic tests of the goodwill's
impairment and that identifiable intangible assets other than goodwill be
amortized over their useful lives. The Company adopted SFAS No. 142 in 2002 and
performed the initial and final steps of the transitional impairment test as
required. There was no impairment resulting from the transitional impairment
test. Subsequent impairment losses were reflected in operating loss in 2002. See
Note 7 to Consolidated Financial Statements for analysis of the Company's
impairment tests.

         IMPAIRMENT OF LONG-LIVED ASSETS - The Company reviews long-lived assets
for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. An asset is considered to be
impaired when the sum of the undiscounted future net cash flows expected to
result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition exceeds its
carrying amount. The amount of impairment loss, if any, is measured as the
difference between the net book value of the asset and its estimated fair value.

         SOFTWARE CAPITALIZATION - Certain direct development costs associated
with internal-use software are capitalized including external direct costs of
material and services and payroll costs for employees devoting time to the
software projects. These costs are included in software and are amortized over a
period not to exceed three years beginning when the asset is substantially ready
for use. Costs incurred during the preliminary project stage, as well as
maintenance and training costs, are expensed as incurred.

         REVENUES AND COST OF REVENUES - Revenues and related costs are
primarily recognized, if and when, the Company accepts and fulfills the
customer's offer. Occasionally, the Company provides refunds and makes
certain customer accommodations to satisfy disputes and complaints. The
Company accrues for such estimated losses and classifies the resulting
expense as an addition to the allowance for doubtful accounts. Transaction
revenue primarily represents the selling price of airline tickets, hotel
rooms, rental cars and long distance phone service. For these transactions,
the Company, among other things, establishes the price it will accept, has
total discretion in supplier selection, purchases and takes title, and is the
merchant of record. The Company records, as revenue, the amount received from
the customer, net of taxes. The amount net of tax, that the Company pays the
respective airline, hotel, rental car company or long distance provider is
recorded as a cost of revenue.

         Fee revenue consists of Worldspan, L.P. booking fees, customer
processing fees and commissions related to retail travel sales, and other
fees related to sales made through the Company site or a third party. The
Company records these fees as revenue, at the net amount received, with no
associated cost of revenue.

         SALES AND MARKETING - Sales and marketing expenses are comprised
primarily of costs of off-line (television, radio and newspaper) and online
(online and e-mail) advertising, agency fees, creative talent and production
cost for television and radio commercials, credit card processing fees,
provisions for credit card charge-backs, costs of the third-party call centers,
and compensation for the Company's sales and marketing personnel. The Company
expenses the production costs of advertising the first time the advertising
takes place. Advertising expense was $44.7, $46.9 and $67.2 for the years ended
December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000, respectively. Other sales and marketing costs
are expensed as incurred.

         SYSTEMS AND BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT - Systems and business development
expenses are comprised primarily of compensation to the Company's information
systems and product development staff, depreciation and amortization on computer
hardware and licensing fees for computer software, payments to outside
contractors, data communications and other expenses associated with operating
the Company's website. Such costs are expensed as incurred.

         EQUITY-BASED COMPENSATION - The Company accounts for stock-based
employee compensation arrangements in accordance with provisions of Accounting
Principles Board ("APB") Opinion No. 25, "Accounting for Stock Issued to
Employees," and complies with the disclosure provisions of SFAS No. 123,
"Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation" and SFAS No. 148, "Accounting for
Stock-Based Compensation-Transition and Disclosure." Under APB Opinion No. 25,
compensation expense is based

                                       74
<Page>

on the difference, if any, on the date of grant, between the fair value of
priceline.com's stock and the exercise price of the option.

         The Company accounts for equity instruments issued to non-employees in
accordance with the provisions of SFAS No. 123 and Emerging Issues Task Force
("EITF") Issue No. 96-18, "Accounting for Equity Instruments That Are Issued to
Other Than Employees for Acquiring, or in Conjunction with Selling, Goods or
Services." All transactions, in which goods or services are the consideration
received for the issuance of equity instruments, are accounted for based on the
fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of the equity
instrument issued, whichever is more reliably measurable. The measurement date
of the fair value of the equity instrument issued is the earlier of the date on
which the counterparty's performance is complete or the date on which it is
probable that performance will occur.

         The following table summarizes relevant information as to reported
results under the Company's APB Opinion No. 25  method of accounting for stock
options with supplemental information as if the fair value recognition
provisions of SFAS No. 123, "Accounting for Stock Based Compensation," had been
applied (in thousands, except per share amounts):

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                  For the Year Ended December 31,
                                                           --------------------------------------------
                                                               2002            2001            2000
                                                           ------------    ------------    ------------
<S>                                                        <C>             <C>             <C>
Net loss applicable to common stockholders, as reported    $    (21,528)   $    (15,866)   $   (329,527)

Add: Stock-based compensation, as reported                        1,000          16,508           1,711

Deduct: Total stock-based compensation determined under
fair value based method for all stock based compensation       (114,026)       (155,540)        (79,107)
                                                           ------------    ------------    ------------

Adjusted net loss applicable to common stockholders,
fair value method for all stock based compensation         $   (134,554)   $   (154,898)   $   (406,923)
                                                           ------------    ------------    ------------

Basic and diluted loss per share as reported               $      (0.09)   $      (0.08)   $      (1.97)

Basic and diluted loss per share SFAS 123 adjusted                (0.59)          (0.76)          (2.44)
</Table>

         The fair value of stock options granted was determined on the date of
grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model, assuming no expected
dividends and the following weighted average assumptions:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                               2002            2001            2000
                                                           ------------    ------------    ------------
<S>                                                             <C>             <C>             <C>
Risk-free interest rate                                             2.8%            4.0%            6.1%

Expected lives                                                  3 years         3 years         3 years

Volatility                                                           99%            127%            141%
</Table>

         INCOME TAXES - The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with
SFAS No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes," which requires recognition of
deferred tax liabilities and assets for the expected future tax consequences of
events that have been included in the financial statements or tax returns. Under
this method, deferred tax liabilities and assets are determined based on the
temporary difference between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and
liabilities using presently enacted

                                       75
<Page>

tax rates in effect. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to
reduce deferred tax assets to the amounts expected to be realized.

         NET LOSS PER SHARE - The Company computes basic and diluted earnings
per share in accordance with SFAS No. 128, "Earnings per Share." SFAS No. 128
requires the Company to report both basic earnings per share, which is based on
the weighted average number of common shares outstanding, and diluted earnings
per share, which is based on the weighted average number of common shares
outstanding and all dilutive potential common shares outstanding. Since the
Company incurred losses for all periods presented, the inclusion of stock
options and warrants in the calculation of weighted average common shares is
anti-dilutive; and therefore there is no difference between basic and diluted
earnings per share. Total anti-dilutive stock options and warrants excluded from
the calculation of net loss per share were 52,770,857, 62,743,918 and 55,255,004
for the years ended December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000, respectively.

         SEGMENT REPORTING - The Company operates and manages its business as a
single segment. The only significant discrete financial information, Revenues,
Cost of Revenues and Gross Profit by Travel Services and Other are disclosed in
the statement of operations.

         FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION - For priceline.com europe Ltd., the local
foreign currency is the functional currency. Assets and liabilities are
translated into U.S. dollars at the rate of exchange existing at year-end.
Translation gains and losses are included as a component of stockholders'
equity. Income statement amounts are translated at the average monthly exchange
rates. Transaction gains and losses are included in the statement of operations
and were not material.

RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

         In June 2001, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the "FASB")
issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 142 ("SFAS 142"),
"Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets," which addresses the financial accounting
and reporting standards for the acquisition of intangible assets outside of a
business combination and for goodwill and other intangible assets subsequent to
their acquisition. This accounting standard requires that goodwill be separately
disclosed from other intangible assets in the statement of financial position,
and no longer be amortized but tested for impairment at least annually. SFAS 142
also requires the Company to complete a transitional goodwill impairment test
six months from the date of adoption. The Company adopted the provisions of SFAS
142 effective January 1, 2002, and, as a result, will not record goodwill
amortization. As the acquisition of the Company's majority interest in
priceline.com europe Ltd. occurred after June 30, 2001, the Company had no
goodwill amortization relating to the acquisition for the year ended December
31, 2001. The Company completed a goodwill impairment review as of January 1,
2002, using a fair value approach in accordance with SFAS 142, and found no
impairment. During the third quarter 2002, the Company performed a subsequent
impairment test and recorded an impairment charge which is described in more
detail in Note 7.

         In August 2001, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 144, "Accounting for the
Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets" ("SFAS 144"), which supersedes both
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 121, "Accounting for the
Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and for Long-Lived Assets to Be Disposed of"
("SFAS 121") and the accounting and reporting provisions of APB Opinion No. 30,
"Reporting the Results of Operations Reporting the Effects of Disposal of a
Segment of a Business, and Extraordinary, Unusual and Infrequently Occurring
Events and Transactions" ("Opinion 30"), for the disposal of a segment of a
business (as previously defined in that Opinion). SFAS 144 retains the
fundamental provisions in SFAS 121 for recognizing and measuring impairment
losses on long-lived assets held for use and long-lived assets to be disposed of
by sale, while also resolving significant implementation issues associated with
SFAS 121. SFAS 144 retains the basic provisions of Opinion 30 on how to present
discontinued operations in the income statement but broadens that presentation
to include a component of

                                       76
<Page>

an entity (rather than a segment of a business). Unlike SFAS 121, an impairment
assessment under SFAS 144 will not result in a write-down of goodwill. Rather,
goodwill is evaluated for impairment under SFAS No. 142, "Goodwill and Other
Intangible Assets." The Company adopted the provisions of SFAS 144 effective
January 1, 2002.

         In December 2002, the FASB issued SFAS No. 148 "Accounting for
Stock-Based Compensation - Transition and Disclosure." This Statement amends
SFAS No. 123, "Stock-Based Compensation," to provide alternative methods of
transition for a voluntary change to the fair value based method of accounting
for stock-based employee compensation. In addition, this Statement amends the
disclosure requirements of SFAS No. 123 to require prominent disclosures in both
annual and interim financial statements about the method of accounting for
stock-based employee compensation and the effect of the method used on reported
results. The disclosure provisions of this Statement are effective for fiscal
years ending after December 15, 2002 and have been incorporated into these
financial statements and accompanying footnotes.

         In May 2002, the Financial Standards Board ("FASB") issued SFAS No.
145, "Rescission of FASB Statements No. 4, 44 and 64, Amendment of FASB
Statement No. 13, and Technical Corrections". Among other things, under the
provision of FSAS No. 145, gains and losses from the early extinguishment of
debt are no longer classified as an extraordinary item, net of income taxes, but
are included in the determination of pretax earnings. The effective date for
SFAS No. 145 is for fiscal years beginning after May 15, 2002, with early
application encouraged. Upon adoption, all gains and losses from the
extinguishment of debt previously reported as an extraordinary item shall be
reclassified to pretax earnings. It is anticipated that the adoption of SFAS No.
145 will have no impact on the Company's financial position or results of
operations.

         In July 2002, the FASB issued SFAS No. 146, "Accounting for Costs
Associated with Exit or Disposal Activities" ("SFAS 146"). This statement
addresses significant issues regarding the recognition, measurement, and
reporting of costs that are associated with exit and disposal activities,
including restructuring activities that are currently accounted for pursuant to
the guidance that the Emerging issues Task Force ("EITF") has set forth in EITF
Issue No. 94-3, "Liability Recognition for Certain Employee Termination Benefits
and Other Costs to Exit an Activity (including Certain Costs Incurred in a
Restructuring)." The principal difference between SFAS 146 and EITF 94-3 is that
SFAS 146 requires that a liability for a cost associated with an exit or
disposal activity be recognized when the liability is incurred versus the EITF
94-3 where a liability was recognized on the date an entity committed to an exit
plan. SFAS 146 is effective for exit and disposal activities that are initiated
after December 31, 2002. The Company will adopt the new standard effective
January 1, 2003.

         In November 2002, the FASB issued FASB Interpretation No. 45 ("FIN
45"), "Guarantor's Accounting and Disclosure Requirements for Guarantees,
Including Indirect Guarantees of Indebtedness of Others." This interpretation
expands the disclosures to be made by a guarantor in its financial statements
about its obligations under certain guarantees and requires the guarantor to
recognize a liability for the fair value of an obligation assumed under a
guarantee. In general, FIN 45 applies to contracts or indemnification agreements
that contingently require the guarantor to make payments to the guaranteed party
based on changes in an underlying instrument that is related to an asset,
liability, or equity security of the guaranteed party. Certain guarantee
contracts are excluded from both the disclosure and recognition requirements of
this interpretation. Other guarantees are subject to the disclosure requirements
of FIN 45 but not to the recognition provisions and include, among others, a
guarantee accounted for as a derivative instrument under SFAS 133. The
disclosure requirements of FIN 45 are effective for the Company as of December
31, 2002, and require disclosure of the nature of the guarantee, the maximum
potential amount of future payments that the guarantor could be required to make
under the guarantee, and the current amount of the liability, if any, for the
guarantor's obligations under the guarantee. The recognition requirements of FIN
45 are to be applied prospectively to guarantees issued or modified after
December 31, 2002. The Company has disclosed the significant guarantees it has

                                       77
<Page>

entered into in the footnotes to its financial statements. The Company does not
expect the requirements of FIN 45 to have a material impact on results of
operations, financial position or liquidity.

         In January 2002, the FASB issued FASB Interpretation No. 46
"Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities" which clarifies the application of
Accounting Research Bulletin No. 51, CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, to
certain entities in which equity investors do not have the characteristics of a
controlling financial interest or do not have sufficient equity at risk for the
entity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial
support from other parties. This interpretation applies immediately to variable
interest entities created after January 31, 2003, and to variable interest
entities in which an enterprise obtains an interest after that date. It applies
in the first fiscal year or interim period beginning after June 15, 2003, to
variable interest entities in which an enterprise holds a variable interest that
it acquired before February 1, 2003. The Company does not have any equity
investments in variable interest entities.

3.       RESTRUCTURING, SPECIAL AND SEVERANCE CHARGES

         In the fourth quarter of 2002, the Company recorded a restructuring
charge of approximately $4.7 million. This restructuring charge resulted from
the repositioning of our non-travel businesses, and a reduction in headcount.
The repositioning was designed to reduce operating expenses and focus resources
on our travel business. The charge relates primarily to severance payments, real
estate costs and asset impairments.

         As a result of the fourth quarter 2002 restructuring, the Company's
work force was reduced by 59 full-time employees at its Norwalk location and 4
full-time employees at its Europe location. The employee termination costs
primarily represent severance payments and related benefits. The real estate
costs primarily represent the estimated net lease expense related to space the
Company decided it no longer needed, and which it will not utilize in the future
along with certain required refurbishments to that space. Asset impairments are
comprised of abandoned equipment and software projects, and software costs
related to the Company's plans not to pursue certain product offerings and
activities. Other restructuring charges include professional and other fees and
costs incurred in 2002 associated with the restructuring activities.

         In the second quarter of 2001, the Company's Board of Directors
announced that Richard S. Braddock had been reappointed as Chief Executive
Officer. Mr. Braddock replaced Daniel H. Schulman, its prior President and Chief
Executive Officer. In connection with Mr. Schulman's separation, the Company
recorded a severance charge of $5.4 million in the second quarter of 2001. This
severance charge resulted from the forgiveness of outstanding loans to Mr.
Schulman and the payment of severance, all of which was required by the terms of
Mr. Schulman's employment agreement. The Company also accelerated, pursuant to
the terms of Mr. Schulman's employment agreement, the vesting of 2,000,000
shares of restricted common stock and 1,000,000 shares underlying stock options
granted to Mr. Schulman, resulting in a charge of approximately $770,000. The
balance due to Mr. Schulman ($345,000) was paid in second quarter 2002.

         In the first quarter of 2001, the Company recorded a restructuring
charge of approximately $1.4 million. This restructuring charge related
primarily to the reduction of our workforce by approximately 25 full-time
employees in February 2001. The charge relates primarily to severance payments
and the entire amount of the charge was disbursed in 2001.

         In 2000, the Company recorded a restructuring charge of approximately
$32.0 million. The restructuring charge resulted from the Company's review of
its operations with the intention of increasing efficiencies and refocusing its
business principally on its core travel products. As a result of this review,
the Company primarily decided to reduce its work force, consolidate its real
estate and rationalize certain international markets and potential product line
offerings.

                                       78
<Page>

The components and the annual activity related to the restructuring charge for
the three-year period ended December 31, 2002 were as follows (in thousands):

<Table>
<Caption>
                                     EMPLOYEE        REAL
                                    TERMINATION     ESTATE         ASSET
                                       COSTS        COSTS       IMPAIRMENTS      OTHER        TOTAL
                                    ------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                 <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>
CHARGED IN 2000                     $    3,807    $    9,603    $   17,474    $    1,122    $   32,006

  Non-cash charges                           -             -       (15,709)            -       (15,709)

  Paid in 2000                          (1,167)         (317)         (809)         (534)       (2,827)
                                    ------------------------------------------------------------------

  Accrued at 12/31/2000                  2,640         9,286           956           588        13,470

CHARGED IN 2001                          1,400             -             -             -         1,400

  Paid in 2001                          (3,358)       (3,155)         (835)         (320)       (7,668)

  Adjustments                             (311)       (1,036)         (114)          (75)       (1,536)
                                    ------------------------------------------------------------------

  Accrued at 12/31/2001                    371         5,095             7           193         5,666

CHARGED IN 2002                          2,416           398         1,064           776         4,654

  Currency translation adjustment            3             2            11            10            26

  Non-cash charges                          (5)            -        (1,075)            -        (1,080)

  Paid in 2002                          (1,114)       (2,161)            -            (2)       (3,277)

  Adjustments                              (10)         (824)           (7)          (75)         (916)
                                    ------------------------------------------------------------------

ACCRUED AT 12/31/2002               $    1,661    $    2,510    $        -    $      902    $    5,073
                                    ==================================================================
</Table>

         During 2002 and 2001, the Company decreased the liability for the
restructuring charge by approximately $4.2 million and $9.2 million,
respectively. These reductions resulted from cash payments and the favorable
resolution of certain matters, primarily the collection of certain receivables
and the settlement of real estate commitments, and were reflected as an
adjustment to the "Restructuring charge (reversal)" line on the Company's
Consolidated Statements of Operations.

         The Company estimates, based on current available information, the
remaining net cash outflows associated with our restructuring related
commitments will be as follows (in thousands):

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                     EXPECTED TO BE PAID IN

                                                        2003         2004
                                                     ----------   ----------
            <S>                                      <C>          <C>
            Employee termination costs               $    1,567   $       94

            Real estate costs                             1,889          621

            Other                                           902            -
                                                     ----------   ----------

            Total:                                   $    4,358   $      715
                                                     ==========   ==========
</Table>

                                       79
<Page>

Restructuring related liabilities due within 12 months and due after 12 months
are classified in "Accrued expenses" and in "Long-term accrued expenses",
respectively, on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets.

         In the fourth quarter of 2000, the Company recorded a special charge of
approximately $34.8 million. This special charge consists of employee expenses,
asset impairments and other miscellaneous expenses. Employee expenses relate to
severance payments, retention bonuses, and the acceleration of employee loan
forgiveness. Asset impairments consist of the write-down to estimated net
realizable value of receivables or loans from independent licensees that ceased
or significantly restructured their operations during the fourth quarter of
2000. Other miscellaneous expenses include estimates for the litigation related
to shareholder lawsuit costs or potential settlements, and amounts accrued for
other claims.

         The components and the annual activity related to the 2000 special
charge follow (in thousands):

<Table>
<Caption>
                                              EMPLOYEE
                                             TERMINATION      ASSET
                                                COSTS      IMPAIRMENTS     OTHER         TOTAL
                                             ----------------------------------------------------
            <S>                              <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>
            Charged in 2000                  $   14,482    $   17,107    $    3,235    $   34,824

            Non-cash charges                     (8,036)      (13,583)            -       (21,619)

            Paid in 2000                           (142)       (1,915)          (55)       (2,112)

            Accrued at 12/31/2000                 6,304         1,609         3,180        11,093

            Paid in 2001                         (6,297)          (25)       (1,079)       (7,401)

            Adjustments                               -        (1,218)            -        (1,218)

            Accrued at 12/31/2001                     7           366         2,101         2,474

            Paid in 2002                             (7)         (250)         (785)       (1,042)

            Adjustments                               -          (116)       (1,316)       (1,432)
                                             ----------------------------------------------------

            Accrued at 12/31/2002            $        -    $        -    $        -    $        -
                                             ====================================================
</Table>

         During 2002 and 2001, the Company decreased the liability for the
special charge by approximately $2.5 million and $8.6 million, respectively.
These reductions resulted from cash payments and the favorable resolution of
certain matters, primarily the collection of certain receivables and the
settlement of certain liabilities and were reflected as an adjustment to the
"Special charge (reversal)" line on the Company's Consolidated Statements of
Operations.

4.       SHORT-TERM INVESTMENTS

         Short-term investments at December 31, 2002 and 2001 include the
following (in thousands):

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                 2002         2001
                                              ----------   ----------
            <S>                               <C>          <C>
            US Government Agency Securities   $   42,820   $   30,819
            Discounted commercial paper           21,334       14,949
</Table>

                                       80
<Page>

<Table>
            <S>                               <C>          <C>
            Certificates of Deposit                    -        3,501
                                              ----------   ----------
                                              $   64,154   $   49,269
                                              ==========   ==========
</Table>

         As of December 31, 2000, the Company held a $561,000 equity investment
in Lending Tree, Inc., an Internet-based home financing service provider. As of
December 31, 2000, the Lending Tree investment had been classified as a
short-term investment due to management's intent to sell the Lending Tree stock
in 2001. During the first quarter 2001, the Company sold its remaining shares of
Lending Tree stock and recorded a loss of $946,000.

5.       ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE

         A summary of the activity in the allowance for uncollectible accounts
for the years ended December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000 follows (in thousands):

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                  For the Years Ended December 31,
                                                           --------------------------------------------
                                                               2002            2001            2000
                                                           ------------    ------------    ------------
<S>                                                        <C>             <C>             <C>
Balance, beginning of year                                 $      4,170    $      2,372    $      1,961

Provision charged to expense                                      3,051          18,548           7,354

Charge-offs and adjustments                                      (5,959)        (16,750)         (6,943)
                                                           ------------    ------------    ------------

Balance, end of year                                       $      1,262    $      4,170    $      2,372
                                                           ============    ============    ============
</Table>

         To date, the Company's results have been impacted by purchases made
using fraudulent credit cards. Because the Company acts as merchant-of-record,
it is held liable for fraudulent credit card transactions on its website as well
as other payment disputes with its customers. Accordingly, the Company
calculates and records an allowance for the resulting credit card charge-backs.
During the second half of 2001, the Company launched a company-wide credit card
charge-back reduction project aimed at preventing fraud, resulting in a
reduction in the absolute amount of charge-backs for the year ended December 31,
2002.

6.       PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

         Property and equipment at December 31, 2002 and 2001 consists of the
following (in thousands):

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                             Estimated
                                                           Useful Lives
                                                              (years)          2002            2001
                                                           ------------    ------------    ------------
         <S>                                                     <C>       <C>             <C>
         Computer equipment and software                              3    $     63,185    $     57,265

         Office equipment, furniture &
           fixtures and leasehold improvements                   3 to 7           8,340           8,335
                                                                           ------------    ------------
         Total:                                                            $     71,525    $     65,600

         Less accumulated depreciation and amortization                         (50,112)        (33,334)

                                                                           ------------    ------------
         Property and equipment, net                                       $     21,413    $     32,266
                                                                           ============    ============
</Table>

                                       81
<Page>

         Fixed asset depreciation and amortization expense was approximately
$17.9 million, $16.3 million and $15.8 million for the years ended December 31,
2002, 2001 and 2000, respectively.

7.       ACQUISITIONS

         On December 21, 2001, the Company completed the acquisition of
approximately 62% of the issued and outstanding shares of priceline.com Europe
Holdings, N.V., the parent company of priceline.com europe Ltd. (together with
priceline.com Europe Holdings, N.V., "priceline.com europe") for approximately
$23.6 million, including transaction costs, which was accounted for as a
purchase. Prior to the acquisition of priceline.com europe, General Atlantic
Partners, LLC and its affiliated entities owned approximately 86% of
priceline.com Europe Holdings, N.V. At the time of the acquisition, General
Atlantic Partners, LLC owned approximately 5.9 million shares of priceline.com
Incorporated common stock according to documents publicly filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission. During the twelve months ended December 31,
2001, the Company charged priceline.com europe licensing fees of $1.15 million
and reimbursable expenses of approximately $4.7 million. On a consolidated
basis, there were no such fees recorded in 2002.

         On January 31, 2002, the Company invested an additional $10 million in
priceline.com Europe Holdings, N.V., which increased the Company's equity
interest in priceline.com europe to approximately 74.6% of the issued and
outstanding shares.

         During 2002, 2001 and 2000, William Ford, a principal of General
Atlantic Partners, LLC, was a member of the Company's board of directors and
chairman of the Company's audit committee. Mr. Ford resigned from our board of
directors on January 23, 2003, because General Atlantic Partners, LLC
significantly reduced its position in the Company. Certain investors in
priceline.com Europe Holdings, N.V., including certain affiliates of General
Atlantic Partners, LLC, have the right to put their shares of priceline.com
Europe Holdings, N.V. to the Company, at fair market value, in the event of a
change in control, as defined, of the Company. These investors own 45,539,999
shares of priceline.com Europe Holdings, N.V.

         The excess of the cost of the acquisition of priceline.com europe over
the fair value of the net assets acquired was approximately $23.6 million and
was recorded as goodwill at the end of 2001. The assets and liabilities were
recorded at their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date. The Company
expects in the near term that priceline.com europe will continue to incur
operating losses and since the other stockholders of priceline.com europe have
no commitment to provide financing, the Company has recognized the entire loss
for the twelve months ended December 31, 2002, in its consolidated financial
statements subsequent to the acquisition.

         During the third quarter of 2002, the Company performed impairment
tests and determined that the carrying amount of goodwill associated with its
investment in priceline.com europe exceeded its implied fair value by
approximately $12 million and accordingly recorded an impairment charge of $12
million. The fair value was determined by third party valuations using generally
accepted valuation techniques including the market value of comparable companies
(including revenue multiple methodology) and discounted cash flow methods.
Underlying the impairment was a continued decline in the market value of
priceline.com's common stock, which the Company reviews quarterly as an
indicator of possible impairment of priceline.com europe's carrying value, a
deterioration in priceline.com europe's operations caused primarily by
increasingly competitive conditions among European online travel companies, and
a decision in 2002 to reconfigure product offerings.

         The following unaudited pro forma information reflects the Company's
actual results adjusted to include priceline.com europe as though its
acquisition had occurred on January 1, 2001 (in thousands):

                                       82
<Page>

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                          2001
                                                                       -----------
                  <S>                                                  <C>
                  Revenues...............................              $ 1,184,677
                  Operating loss.........................                   62,031
                  Net loss...............................                   65,984
                  Net loss applicable to common
                  stockholders per basic and diluted
                  common share...........................              $      0.32
</Table>

8.       OTHER ASSETS

         Other assets at December 31, 2002 and 2001 consists of the following
(in thousands):

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                        2002           2001
                                                                    ------------   ------------
         <S>                                                        <C>            <C>
         Convertible loans and other advances - Hutchison-
         Priceline Limited ......................................   $          -   $     11,110
         Convertible loans - MyPrice ............................              -          1,840
         Investment in pricelinemortgage ........................          6,356          5,124
         Other ..................................................          3,308          2,893
                                                                    ------------   ------------
                                                                    $      9,664   $     20,967
                                                                    ============   ============
</Table>

         Convertible loans and other advances - Hutchison-Priceline Limited
represented a convertible note from the Company's Asian licensee,
Hutchison-Priceline Limited. During the periods ended December 31, 2002 and
2001, the Company charged Hutchison-Priceline Limited $375,000 and $500,000,
respectively, in licensing fees, and approximately $199,000 and $535,000,
respectively, in reimbursable expenses, in accordance with the Company's
agreements.

         During the third quarter of 2002, the Company performed its periodic
evaluation of the progress of the operations of Hutchison-Priceline Limited.
Factors including increasing negative variances in key operating metrics such as
negative gross margins and continuing operating losses, negative net asset
position and an increasingly competitive operating environment led the Company
to determine that the carrying value of its convertible note no longer reflected
its fair value. Accordingly, the Company recorded an impairment charge of $12.2
million to reduce the carrying value of its investment in Hutchison-Priceline
Limited to its estimated fair value of zero. Estimated fair value was determined
using cash flow estimates and a review of the market value of comparable
companies including the consideration of the decline in the Company's market
value and through discussion with third party valuation specialists.

         Convertible loans - MyPrice represented the carrying value of the
amounts due to the Company from its Australian licensee. MyPrice repaid
these amounts in the third quarter 2002.

         Investment in pricelinemortgage represents the Company's 49% equity
investment in pricelinemortgage. In September 2001, the Company converted a debt
instrument into a 49% equity interest in pricelinemortgage and, accordingly,
recognized its pro rata share of pricelinemortgage's net income. At December 31,
2002, the investment in pricelinemortgage consisted of the Company's original
investment of $4.6 million and the Company's cumulative share of
pricelinemortgage's earnings of approximately $2.7 million, offset by an
impairment charge of approximately $1 million to reflect the write-down of the
carrying value to its estimated fair value. The Company earned advertising fees
from pricelinemortgage of $1.7 million, $1.7 million and $1.3 million in 2002,
2001 and 2000, respectively. Robert J. Mylod, the Company's Chief Financial
Officer, is a director of, and an investor in, Alliance Capital Partners Inc.,
the parent company of Alliance Partners, L.P., and owner of 51% of
pricelinemortgage. In 1997, Mr. Mylod invested $50,000 in Alliance Capital
Partners Inc. and his investment represents less than 1/10 of one percent of
Alliance Capital Partners Inc.'s outstanding common stock.

                                       83
<Page>

9.       TREASURY STOCK

         On July 31, 2002, the Company's Board of Directors authorized the
repurchase of up to $40 million of common stock from time to time in the open
market or in privately negotiated transactions. As part of the stock repurchase
program, the Company purchased 5,387,717 shares of its common stock for its
treasury during the period ended December 31, 2002 at an aggregate cost of
approximately $11.8 million. All shares were purchased at prevailing market
prices.

         The Company may continue or, from time to time, suspend repurchases of
shares under its stock repurchase program, depending on prevailing market
conditions, alternate uses of capital and other factors. Whether and when to
initiate and/or complete any purchase of common stock and the amount of common
stock purchased will be determined in the Company's complete discretion. As of
December 31, 2002, there were approximately 224.7 million shares of our common
stock outstanding.

10.      STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

         In March 1999, the Company effected a 1.25:1 stock split. All share and
per share amounts have been adjusted to reflect the stock split.

         In April 1999, the Company completed an initial public offering in
which it sold 10,000,000 shares of its Common Stock, $0.008 par value. Offering
proceeds to the Company, net of underwriter discounts and commissions and other
related expenses, were approximately $144.3 million. At the time of the
offering, shares of the Series A and Series B Preferred Stock were automatically
converted into an equal number of shares of Common Stock.

         In August 1999, the Company completed a public offering in which it
sold 1,000,000 shares of its Common Stock and certain stockholders of the
Company sold 3,500,000 shares of Common Stock at a price of $67.00 per share.
Offering proceeds to priceline.com, net of underwriters discounts and
commissions and related expenses, were approximately $62.5 million.

         During the fourth quarter of 2000, the Company issued 7.5 million
shares of restricted stock as part of an employee retention program. The accrual
for the shares was recorded at the market value on the date of grant with a
corresponding reduction to Stockholders' Equity (Deferred Compensation). The
non-cash charge was amortized over the vesting period and recorded as a General
and Administrative expense. The amortization was $1.7 million during the fourth
quarter of 2000.

         During the first quarter of 2001, the Company issued 120,000 shares of
restricted Common Stock to employees. The accrual for the shares issued was
recorded at the market value on the date of grant and the related compensation
expense was amortized over the vesting period. During the second quarter 2001,
the Company issued 50,000 shares of restricted stock to employees. The accrual
for the shares issued was recorded at the market value on the date of grant and
the related compensation expense was amortized over the vesting period.

         During the fourth quarter of 2001, the Company's Board of Directors
accelerated the vesting of all outstanding unvested shares of the restricted
Common Stock based on the anticipated achievement of earnings performance
targets established at the time of grant, resulting in a charge of approximately
$3.3 million.

         During the first quarter 2001, the Company sold approximately 23.8
million shares of its Common Stock to subsidiaries of Hutchison Whampoa Limited
and Cheung Kong (Holdings) Limited in a private placement. The net proceeds were
approximately $49.5 million. Hutchison Whampoa Limited also received a seat on
the Company's Board of Directors. Subsequently, Hutchison Whampoa Limited
acquired altogether two seats on the Company's Board of Directors. At the same
time, Hutchison

                                       84
<Page>

purchased $9.5 million worth of Hutchison-Priceline Limited convertible notes.
In June 2000, the Company entered into definitive agreements with subsidiaries
of Hutchison Whampoa Limited to introduce the Company's services to several
Asian markets. Under the terms of the agreements, the Company licenses its
business model and provides expertise in technology and operations.

         During 2001, the Company repurchased shares of its common stock at fair
market value from employees upon their option exercise or share vesting, to meet
such employees' minimum tax statutory withholding. For certain employees in the
fourth quarter 2001, in connection with the accelerated vesting of restricted
Common Stock described above, the Company repurchased shares in excess of such
employees' minimum statutory tax withholding and recorded a charge of
approximately $3.1 million. Shares repurchased by the Company have been retired.

11.      REDEEMABLE PREFERRED STOCK

         In February 2000, the Board of Directors authorized an amendment to the
Company's certificate of incorporation to allow the Company to issue a new
series of preferred stock designated as Series A Convertible Redeemable PIK
Preferred Stock ("Series A Preferred Stock"). The total number of shares of
Series A Preferred Stock that the Company is authorized to issue is 6 million
shares, par value $.01 per share.

         The Series A Preferred Stock has special voting powers and preferences.
Specifically, the Series A Preferred Stock has a liquidation preference of
$59.93 per share plus an amount equal to any dividends accrued or accumulated
but not paid. The Series A Preferred Stock accrues dividends payable in shares
of the Company's Common Stock at a rate of 8% per annum commencing April 1,
2000. Dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock are payable semi-annually on
October 1st and April 1st of each year starting October 1, 2000.

         The Series A Preferred Stock may be redeemed at the option of the
Company in whole or in part at any time after April 1, 2003 at $59.93 per share
in cash, plus accrued but unpaid dividends. The Series A Preferred Stock is
subject to mandatory redemption on April 1, 2010. The Series A Preferred Stock
is convertible at the option of the holder into shares of the Company's Common
Stock on a one-for-one basis at any time prior to redemption, subject to certain
anti-dilution adjustments. Holders of the Series A Preferred Stock vote together
with holders of Common Stock on all matters and in certain limited circumstances
are entitled to a separate class vote. Holders of Series A Preferred Stock are
entitled to specified cash payments in the event of certain business combination
transactions involving the Company.

         In February 2001, the Board of Directors authorized an amendment to the
Company's certificate of incorporation to allow the Company to issue a new
series of preferred stock designated as Series B Redeemable Preferred Stock
("Series B Preferred Stock"). The total number of shares of Series B Preferred
Stock that the Company is authorized to issue is 80,000 shares, par value $.01
per share.

         The Series B Preferred Stock has special preferences. Specifically, the
Series B Preferred Stock has a liquidation preference of $1,000 per share plus
an amount equal to any dividends accrued or accumulated but not paid. The Series
B Preferred Stock accrues dividends payable in shares of the Company's Common
Stock at a rate of 11% per annum commencing February 6, 2001. Dividends on the
Series B Preferred Stock are payable semiannually on February 6 and August 6 of
each year starting August 6, 2001.

         The Series B Preferred Stock may be redeemed at the option of the
Company or the holder, in whole or in part, at any time upon a change of control
of the Company at $1,000 per share in cash, plus accrued but unpaid dividends
and dividends that would have accrued through February 6, 2007. The Series B
Preferred Stock is subject to mandatory redemption on February 6, 2007. The
Series B Preferred Stock is not convertible into shares of the Company's Common
Stock or any other security of the Company. Holders of the Series B Preferred
Stock are not entitled to vote on any matter, except in certain

                                       85
<Page>

limited circumstances and as specifically required under Delaware General
Corporate Law. Holders of Series B Preferred Stock are entitled to specified
cash payments in the event of certain business combination transactions
involving the Company.

12.      DELTA AIR LINES

         In November 1999, the Company amended the warrant held by Delta Air
Lines, Inc. ("Delta") to provide Delta with a cashless exercise right. Upon the
exercise of the warrant, Delta acquired a total of 16,525,834 shares of Common
Stock of priceline.com. In conjunction with that transaction, Delta sold
2,085,767 shares of priceline.com Common Stock to priceline.com's founder and
Vice Chairman Jay S. Walker for an aggregate purchase price of $125 million. The
Company further gave Delta the right to exchange six million shares of
priceline.com Common Stock for six million shares of newly issued Series A
convertible preferred stock that may be converted into priceline.com stock on a
one-for-one basis.

         During the second quarter of 2000, the Company received six million
shares of its Common Stock held by Delta in exchange for six million shares of
its Series A Preferred Stock with a liquidation preference of approximately $360
million and a conversion price of $59.93 per share. The six million shares of
Common Stock received by the Company are included in Treasury Stock on the
Company's balance at December 31, 2000. In the fourth quarter of 2000, the
Company issued Delta from treasury stock 549,764 shares of Common Stock as a
dividend on the Series A Preferred Stock.

         During the fourth quarter of 2000, the Company reached an agreement
with Delta to further amend the terms of previously issued warrants. As part of
this agreement, the strike price of the warrants was reduced to $4.72 per share
and the number of warrants was reduced by approximately 825,000 warrants to
approximately 4.7 million. The Company recorded an $8.6 million charge related
to this transaction determined by using an option pricing model.

         During the first quarter 2001, Delta and the Company agreed to
restructure Delta's investment in the Company. Delta exchanged 6,000,000 shares
of Series A Preferred Stock for 80,000 shares of a newly created Series B
Preferred Stock and warrants (the "Warrants") to purchase approximately 27
million shares of the Company's common stock at an exercise price of $2.97 per
share.

         Pursuant to the terms of the certificate of designations relating to
the Series B Preferred Stock, the Series B Preferred Stock bears a dividend that
is payable through the issuance of approximately 3.0 million shares of the
Company's common stock each year, subject to adjustment as provided for in the
certificate of designations (including anti-dilution adjustment in the event
that the Company issues shares of its common stock, or securities exercisable
for or convertible into shares of its common stock, at an effective price of
less than $2.10 per share). The Series B Preferred Stock has a liquidation
preference of $1,000 per share and is subject to mandatory redemption on
February 6, 2007 or is subject to redemption at the option of Delta or the
Company prior to February 6, 2007. In the event the Company consummates any of
certain business combination transactions, the Series B Preferred Stock may be
redeemed at the option of the Company or Delta at the liquidation preference per
outstanding share plus all dividends accrued but not paid on the shares.

         The Warrants provide that at any time the closing sales price of the
Company's Common Stock has exceeded $8.90625 (subject to adjustment) for 20
consecutive trading days, the Warrants will automatically be exercised. The
exercise price of the Warrant is paid by surrendering .00296875 shares of Series
B Preferred Stock for each share of Common Stock purchased. As of December 31,
2002, there were 4,537,199 Warrants outstanding.

         During 2001, Delta exercised Warrants to purchase approximately 18.4
million shares of the Company's common stock and on January 29, 2002, Delta
exercised Warrants to purchase 4 million shares of the Company's common stock.
As a result, there are 13,470 shares of Series B Preferred Stock outstanding
with an aggregate liquidation preference of approximately $13.5 million and the
Company's

                                       86
<Page>

future semi-annual dividend has been reduced to 242,000 shares of Common Stock.
In accordance with the terms of the Series B Preferred Stock, the Company
delivered to Delta 695,749 and 986,491 shares of the Company's common stock as
dividend payments in 2002 and 2001, respectively, and, as a result, the Company
recorded a non-cash dividend of $2.3 million and $8.6 million in 2002 and 2001,
respectively.

13.      OTHER WARRANTS TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK

         During July 1999, priceline.com issued to Continental Airlines a
warrant to purchase Common Stock that will become exercisable upon the earlier
of July 2004 or upon the achievement of certain performance thresholds. However,
the agreement does not require Continental to make any performance commitments.
Accordingly, priceline.com incurred a non-cash charge of approximately $88.4
million during the third quarter of 1999 representing the fair value of the
warrant on the grant date.

         In November 1999, the Company amended the Continental warrant to allow
the exercise price to fall within the range of the warrants issued to other
airlines discussed below. The amended warrant granted Continental the right to
purchase a total of 1,000,000 shares of priceline.com Common Stock at an
exercise price of $59.93. Priceline.com recorded a charge of approximately $3.5
million during the fourth quarter of 1999 as a result of the warrant amendment
determined by using an option pricing model.

         In November 1999, the Company entered into separate Participation
Warrant Agreements with each of eight major domestic airlines relating to their
inclusion in the Company's leisure airline ticket service. Under the
Participation Warrant Agreements, the airlines were granted warrants to purchase
a total of 20 million shares of priceline.com Common Stock at exercise prices
ranging from $52.625 to $59.933 per share. All warrants were fully vested on the
date of grant, but generally are not exercisable until November 2005, subject to
acceleration under certain circumstances.

14.      STOCK OPTION PLANS

         Priceline.com Incorporated has adopted the 1997 Omnibus Plan (the "1997
Plan"), the 1999 Omnibus Plan (the "1999 Plan") and the 2000 Employee Stock
Option Plan (the "2000 Plan"), each of which provides for grants of options as
incentives and rewards to encourage employees, officers, consultants and
directors in the long-term success of priceline.com Incorporated. The 1997 Plan,
1999 Plan and 2000 Plan provide for grants of options to purchase up to
23,875,000, 35,375,000 and 6,000,000 shares of priceline.com common stock,
respectively, at a purchase price equal to the fair market value on the date of
grant.

         In February 2000, in connection with the hiring of Heidi G. Miller,
priceline.com Incorporated's former Chief Financial Officer, priceline.com
Incorporated adopted a stock option plan that authorized the issuance of
options to purchase 2,500,000 million shares of priceline.com Incorporated
common stock. 1,625,000 of such options were actually issued, all of which
were subsequently forfeited. In November 2000, in connection with the hiring
of Robert Mylod, priceline.com Incorporated's current Chief Financial
Officer, priceline.com Incorporated adopted a stock option and restricted
stock plan that authorized the issuance of 1,200,000 shares of common stock.
All such shares were issued.

         As part of the employee retention program an aggregate of 8.45 million
options to purchase Common Stock were returned to the Company by certain of its
officers in the fourth quarter 2000. Additionally, as part of the employee
retention program during the fourth quarter of 2000, the Company issued
approximately 9.8 million options to purchase shares to employees of Common
Stock at the then fair market value of $2.53 per share.

         Diluted shares outstanding and diluted earnings per share normally
include the effect of "in-the-money" stock options and warrants calculated based
on the average share price of our stock during the measurement period. As the
Company's stock price increases, there is a greater number of stock options and
warrants that have intrinsic value and that have the effect of increasing the
number of diluted shares

                                       87
<Page>

outstanding. The table below shows the number of diluted shares that would be
used to calculate diluted earnings per share based upon different hypothetical
stock prices.

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                    Employee              Proceeds        Hypothetical
                                                     Employee   Options as a % of           To             Impact on
 Stock Price    Diluted Shares(1)   Warrants(2)     Options(3)  Diluted Shares(4)        Company(5)      FY 2002 EPS(6)
--------------  -----------------   -----------     ----------  -----------------       ------------     --------------
   <S>           <C>                 <C>            <C>                 <C>             <C>                         <C>
   $ 1.00        225,960,981                 -       1,249,761          0.6%            $  1,001,803                -
     1.50        227,675,483                 -       2,382,898          1.0%               2,382,898                -
     2.00        228,689,597                 -       3,978,377          1.7%               3,314,082                -
     2.50        229,538,785                 -       4,827,565          2.1%               4,422,518                -
     3.00        231,059,729            47,262       6,301,247          2.7%               7,433,858                -
     3.50        232,997,788           688,682       7,597,886          3.3%              10,267,224                -
     4.00        234,470,786         1,169,747       8,589,819          3.7%              12,456,739                -
     4.50        235,844,387         1,543,908       9,589,259          4.1%              15,117,602                -
     5.00        237,372,026         2,106,206      10,554,600          4.4%              17,950,019                -
     5.50        238,951,080         2,752,205      11,487,655          4.8%              20,998,085                -
</Table>

(1) Diluted shares are determined under the same calculation required by
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 128 (SFAS 128) which requires
that we report both Basic and Diluted Earnings Per Share (EPS). Basic EPS
reports earnings as if no stock options or warrants are outstanding. Diluted EPS
reports earnings assuming all outstanding in-the-money options and warrants are
exercised and that all exercise proceeds and tax benefits are used to repurchase
shares at the market price of our stock. This calculation of Diluted shares is
typically referred to as the "treasury stock method".
(2) Values represent the number of warrants that are included in the calculation
of diluted shares pursuant to the treasury stock method.
(3) Values represent the net number of employee options that are included in the
calculation of diluted shares pursuant to the treasury stock method.
(4) Equals employee options (as described in footnote 3 above) divided by
Diluted Shares (as described in footnote 1 above).
(5) Equals cash proceeds to be received by priceline.com upon employee exercise
of stock options (i.e. strike price value of stock options).
(6) Shows the decrease, if any, in diluted EPS as a result of an increase in
diluted shares caused by an increase in our stock price.

The following summarizes the transactions pursuant to the Stock Option Plans:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                Weighted
                                                                Average       Option Price
                                                  Shares      Option Price       Range
                                               ---------------------------------------------
<S>                                              <C>          <C>           <C>
Balance at January 1, 2000 .................     27,024,740   $     13.93   $  0.80 - 139.25
Granted.....................................     30,964,852         28.64       1.53 - 95.94
Exercised...................................     (9,633,262)         1.46       0.80 - 67.63
Forfeited...................................     (5,451,326)        42.74      0.80 - 139.25
Cancelled...................................     (8,450,000)        52.85      25.63 - 76.88
                                               ------------   -----------   ----------------
Balance at December 31, 2000................     34,455,004   $     16.42   $  0.80 - 139.25
Granted.....................................     11,154,744          4.83     2.1562 - 10.00
Exercised...................................     (6,567,834)         1.57        0.80 - 8.00
Forfeited...................................     (4,135,195)        24.57      0.80 - 131.75
                                               ------------   -----------   ----------------
Balance at December 31, 2001................     34,906,719         14.43   $  0.80 - 139.25
Granted.....................................      1,944,000          2.88          1.32-6.32
Exercised...................................     (1,181,729)         2.68        0.80 - 5.11
Forfeited...................................     (6,110,332)        33.23       1.563-97.656
                                               ------------   -----------   ----------------
Balance at December 31, 2002................     29,558,658         10.25   $  0.80 - 139.25
                                               ============   ===========   ================
</Table>

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                   2002           2001            2000
<S>                                              <C>           <C>               <C>
Exercisable at December 31:                      23,460,951    21,591,328        14,346,038
                                               ============   ===========   ================
</Table>

                                       88
<Page>

<Table>
<S>                                            <C>            <C>           <C>
Available for grant at December 31(1):           13,090,010     9,107,488         4,922,037
                                               ============   ===========   ================
Weighted average fair value options granted
during the year ended December 31:             $       2.88   $      3.42   $         21.28
                                               ============   ===========   ================
</Table>

(1)    Includes 2.5 million shares pursuant to an individual plan that have been
forfeited and are not available for grant.

The following table summarizes information about stock options outstanding at
December 31, 2002:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                            OPTIONS OUTSTANDING                         OPTIONS EXERCISABLE
                            -----------------------------------------------  --------------------------------------
                                                Weighted
                                   Number        Average        Weighted              Number           Weighted
                               Outstanding as   Remaining        Average         Exercisable as of      Average
Range of Exercise Prices        of  12/31/02      Life       Exercise Price           12/31/02       Exercise Price
---------------------------------------------------------------------------  --------------------------------------
     <S>                           <C>            <C>        <C>                        <C>          <C>
     $    0.80 - 0.93               6,388,208     5.6        $         0.80              6,388,208   $         0.80
          1.31 - 2.79               8,800,571     7.5                  2.45              7,180,943             2.46
         3.20 - 13.00               8,118,913     7.9                  5.43              4,797,851             5.49
       20.44 - 139.25               6,250,966     6.4                 37.14              5,093,949            37.64
                                   --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
     $  0.80 - 139.25              29,558,658     7.0        $        10.25             23,460,951   $        10.27
                                   ==========                                           ==========
</Table>

         Had equity based compensation costs been determined based upon the fair
value at grant date, the Company's pro forma net loss and pro forma net loss per
share for the years ended December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000 would have been
reported as follows:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                Reported      Pro-Forma
                                                                ------------------------
         <S>                                                    <C>           <C>
         2002
         -------------------------------------------------
         Net loss                                               $  19,184     $  132,210
         Net loss applicable to common stockholders                21,528        134,554
         Basic and diluted loss per common share                     0.09           0.59

         2001
         -------------------------------------------------
         Net loss                                               $   7,303     $  146,335
         Net loss applicable to common stockholders                15,866        154,898
         Basic and diluted loss per common share                     0.08           0.76

         2000
         -------------------------------------------------
         Net loss                                               $ 315,145     $  392,541
         Net loss applicable to common stockholders               329,527        406,923
         Basic and diluted loss per common share                     1.97           2.44
</Table>

         The fair value of stock options granted was determined on the date of
grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model, assuming no expected
dividends and the following weighted average assumptions:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                          2002         2001       2000
                                         -------      -------    -------
         <S>                             <C>          <C>        <C>
         Risk-free interest rate             2.8%         4.0%       6.1%
         Expected lives                  3 years      3 years    3 years
</Table>

                                       89
<Page>

<Table>
         <S>                                  <C>         <C>        <C>
         Volatility                           99%         127%       141%
</Table>

15.      TAXES

         Income Taxes - The Company, since converting from a limited liability
company to a corporation in July, 1998, has incurred cumulative net operating
losses for financial accounting purposes and accordingly, no provision for
income taxes is reflected in the accompanying statements of operations.

         The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to significant
portions of deferred tax assets at December 31, 2002 and 2001 are as follows (in
thousands):

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                               2002               2001
                                                           -------------     --------------
     <S>                                                   <C>               <C>
     Net operating loss carryforward - U.S.                $   1,211,063     $    1,214,614
     Net operating loss carryforward - U.K.                        3,002                  -
     Capital loss carryforward                                    78,709             76,761
     Depreciation                                                  1,000                504
     Warrant costs                                                   607                607
     Restructuring costs                                           3,702              5,332
     Start-up costs                                                  249                908
     Impairment of receivable                                      4,869                  -
     Other                                                           774                226
     Less valuation allowance                                 (1,303,975)        (1,298,952)
                                                           -------------     --------------
     Deferred tax asset, net                               $           -     $            -
                                                           =============     ==============
</Table>

         A valuation allowance for the full amount of the net deferred tax asset
was recorded at December 31, 2002 and 2001 and represents the portion of tax
operating loss carryforwards and other items for which it is more likely than
not that the benefit of such items will not be realized. Such valuation
allowance increased by approximately $5 million for the year ended December 31,
2002 and increased by approximately $2 million for the year ended December 31,
2001.

         At December 31, 2002 the Company had approximately $3 billion of net
operating loss carryforwards for income tax purposes expiring from December 31,
2018 to December 31, 2021 which are subject to limitation on future utilization
under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. Section 382 imposes
limitations on the availability of a company's net operating losses after a more
than 50 percentage point ownership change occurs. As a result of the completion
and revision of a detailed and complex study (the "NOL Study"), it was
determined that ownership changes occurred in 2000 and 2002. The amount of the
Company's net operating losses incurred prior to each ownership change is
limited (the "Loss Limitation") based on the value of the Company on the
respective dates of ownership change. It is estimated that the effect of Section
382 will reduce the amount of net operating loss which is available to offset
future taxable income to approximately $69 million annually. The estimate of the
annual Loss Limitation is based upon certain conclusions in the NOL Study
pertaining to the dates of the ownership changes and the value of the Company on
the dates of the ownership changes. The overall determination of the Loss
Limitation and conclusions contained in the NOL Study are subject to
interpretation, and therefore, the annual Loss Limitation could be subject to
change.

         At December 31, 2002, the Company had approximately $197 million of
capital loss carryforwards, which expire from December 31, 2005 to December 31,
2007. At December 31, 2002, the Company also had approximately $1.4 million of
research credit carryforwards. Such credit carryforwards expire from December
31, 2019 to December 31, 2020. These capital loss and research credit
carryforwards are also subject to annual limitation.

                                       90
<Page>

Approximately $737 million of the Company's tax net operating loss at December
31, 2002 relates to the exercise of stock options which have been granted under
the Company's various stock option plans and gives rise to compensation which is
includable in the taxable income of the applicable employees and deductible by
the Company for federal and state income tax purposes. Additionally,
approximately $1.06 billion of the Company's tax net operating loss relates to
the excess of tax deductions from the exercise of certain stock warrants granted
by the Company in excess of the associated warrant costs recorded for financial
accounting purposes. Finally, the Company recorded $6.8 million of costs for
financial reporting purposes in excess of the amount deductible for tax purposes
relating to the accelerated vesting of restricted stock held by certain
employees of the Company.

         The company has available for income tax purposes the following net
operating loss, capital loss, and tax credit carryforwards (in thousands).

<Table>
<Caption>
SCHEDULED         US          FOREIGN          EQUITY                          CAPITAL LOSS     RESEARCH
TO EXPIRE:    OPERATIONS     OPERATIONS   TRANSACTIONS(1)      TOTAL           CARRYFORWARD      CREDIT
    <S>       <C>             <C>           <C>             <C>                 <C>             <C>
    N/A(2)                    $ 10,005                      $    10,005
      2005                                                                      $ 191,559
      2006                                                                            946
      2007                                                                          4,886
      2018    $    14,051                                        14,051
      2019      1,125,534                   $ 1,151,682       2,277,216                         $    663
      2020         99,859                       591,902         691,761                              714
      2021         10,492                        43,628          54,120
          ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
              $ 1,249,936     $ 10,005      $ 1,787,212     $ 3,047,153         $ 197,391       $  1,377
          ==============================================================================================
</Table>

(1)  Tax benefit, if and when realized, will be recorded directly to Additional
     Paid-In Capital.
(2)  Loss carryforward period in UK is indefinite.

         The effective income tax rate of the Company is different from the
amount computed using applicable statutory federal rates as a result of the
following items (in thousands):

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                     2002            2001              2000
                                                  -----------    -------------     ------------
<S>                                               <C>            <C>               <C>
Income tax benefit at federal statutory rate      $     6,714    $       2,556     $    110,301
Adjustment due to:
  State taxes and other                                  (151)             103           20,125
Goodwill Impairment                                    (4,206)               -                -
Foreign Rate Differential                                (500)               -                -
  Increase in valuation allowance                      (1,857)          (2,659)        (130,426)
                                                  -----------    -------------     ------------
Income tax benefit                                $         -    $           -     $          -
                                                  ===========    =============     ============
</Table>

                                       91
<Page>

16.      COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

         On January 6, 1999, the Company received notice that a third party
patent applicant and patent attorney, Thomas G. Woolston, purportedly had filed
in December 1998 with the United States Patent and Trademark Office a request to
declare an interference between a patent application filed by Woolston and the
Company's U.S. Patent 5,794,207. The Company is currently awaiting information
from the Patent Office regarding whether it will initiate an interference
proceeding.

         Subsequent to the Company's announcement on September 27, 2000 that
revenues for the third quarter 2000 would not meet expectations, it was served
with the following putative class action complaints:

                   -   Weingarten v. priceline.com Incorporated
                       and Jay S. Walker
                       3:00 CV 1901 (District of Connecticut).
                   -   Twardy v. priceline.com Inc.,
                       Richard S. Braddock, Daniel H. Schulman and Jay S. Walker
                       3:00 CV 1884 (District of Connecticut).
                   -   Berdakina v. priceline.com Inc.,
                       Richard S. Braddock, Daniel H. Schulman and Jay S. Walker
                       3:00 CV 1902 (District of Connecticut).
                   -   Mazzo v. priceline.com Inc.,
                       Richard S. Braddock, Daniel H. Schulman and Jay S. Walker
                       3:00 CV 1924 (District of Connecticut).
                   -   Fialkov v. priceline.com Inc.,
                       Richard S. Braddock, Daniel H. Schulman and Jay S. Walker
                       3:00 CV 1954 (District of Connecticut).
                   -   Licht v. priceline.com Incorporated and
                       Jay S. Walker 3:00 CV 2049 (District of Connecticut).
                   -   Ayach v. priceline.com Inc.,
                       Richard S. Braddock, Daniel H. Schulman and Jay S. Walker
                       3:00 CV 2062 (District of Connecticut).
                   -   Zia v. priceline.com Inc.,
                       Richard S. Braddock, Daniel H. Schulman and Jay S. Walker
                       3:00 CV 1968 (District of Connecticut).
                   -   Mazzo v. priceline.com Inc.,
                       Richard S. Braddock, Daniel H. Schulman and Jay S. Walker
                       3:00 CV 1980 (District of Connecticut).
                   -   Bazag v. priceline.com Inc.,
                       Richard S. Braddock, Daniel H. Schulman and Jay S. Walker
                       3:00 CV 2122 (District of Connecticut).
                   -   Breier v. priceline.com Inc.,
                       Richard S. Braddock, Daniel H. Schulman and Jay S. Walker
                       3:00 CV 2146 (District of Connecticut).
                   -   Farzam et al. v. priceline.com Inc.,
                       Richard S. Braddock, Daniel H. Schulman and Jay S. Walker
                       3:00 CV 2176 (District of Connecticut).
                   -   Caswell v. priceline.com Inc.,
                       Richard S. Braddock, Daniel H. Schulman and Jay S. Walker
                       3:00 CV 2169 (District of Connecticut).
                   -   Howard Gunty Profit Sharing Plan v. priceline.com Inc.
                       Richard S. Braddock, Daniel H. Schulman and Jay S. Walker

                                       92
<Page>

                       3:00 CV 1917 (District of Connecticut).
                   -   Cerelli v. priceline.com Inc.,
                       Richard S. Braddock, Daniel H. Schulman and Jay S. Walker
                       3:00 CV 1918 (District of Connecticut)
                   -   Mayer v. priceline.com Inc.,
                       Richard S. Braddock, Daniel H. Schulman and Jay S. Walker
                       3:00 CV 1923 (District of Connecticut)
                   -   Anish v. priceline.com Inc.,
                       Richard S. Braddock, Daniel H. Schulman and Jay S. Walker
                       3:00 CV 1948 (District of Connecticut)
                   -   Atkin v. priceline.com Inc.,
                       Richard S. Braddock, Daniel H. Schulman and Jay S. Walker
                       3:00 CV 1994 (District of Connecticut).
                   -   Lyon v. priceline.com Inc.,
                       Richard S. Braddock, Daniel H. Schulman and Jay S. Walker
                       3:00 CV 2066 (District of Connecticut).
                   -   Kwan v. priceline.com Inc.,
                       Richard S. Braddock, Daniel H. Schulman and Jay S. Walker
                       3:00 CV 2069 (District of Connecticut).
                   -   Krim v. priceline.com Inc.,
                       Richard S. Braddock, Daniel H. Schulman and Jay S. Walker
                       3:00 CV 2083 (District of Connecticut).
                   -   Karas v. priceline.com Inc.,
                       Richard S. Braddock, Daniel H. Schulman and Jay S. Walker
                       3:00 CV 2232 (District of Connecticut).
                   -   Michols v. priceline.com Inc.,
                       Richard S. Braddock, Daniel H. Schulman and Jay S. Walker
                       3:00 CV 2280 (District of Connecticut).

         All of these cases have been assigned to Judge Dominick J. Squatrito.
On September 12, 2001, Judge Squatrito ordered that these cases be consolidated
under the Master File No. 3:00cv1884 (DJS), and he designated lead plaintiffs
and lead plaintiffs' counsel. On October 29, 2001, plaintiffs served a
Consolidated Amended Complaint. On February 5, 2002, Amerindo Investment
Advisors, Inc., who is one of the lead plaintiffs in the consolidated action,
made a motion for leave to withdraw as lead plaintiff. The court has yet to rule
on that motion. On February 28, 2002, the Company filed a motion to dismiss the
Consolidated Amended Complaint. That motion has been fully briefed. The Court
has yet to rule on that motion. On July 26 and August 1, 2002, the Court issued
scheduling orders concerning pretrial proceedings. The Company intends to defend
vigorously against this action.

         In addition, the Company has been served with a complaint that purports
to be a shareholder derivative action against its Board of Directors and certain
of its current and former executive officers, as well as the Company (as a
nominal defendant). The complaint alleges breach of fiduciary duty and waste of
corporate assets. The action is captioned Mark Zimmerman v. Richard Braddock, J.
Walker, D. Schulman, P. Allaire, R. Bahna, P. Blackney, W. Ford, M. Loeb, N.
Nicholas, N. Peretsman, and priceline.com Incorporated 18473-NC (Court of
Chancery of Delaware, County of New Castle, State of Delaware). On February 6,
2001, all defendants moved to dismiss the complaint for failure to make a demand
upon the Board of Directors and failure to state a cause of action upon which
relief can be granted. Pursuant to a stipulation by the parties, an amended
complaint was filed on June 21, 2001. Defendants renewed their motion to dismiss
on August 20, 2001, and plaintiff served his opposition to that motion on
October 26, 2001. Defendants filed their reply brief on January 7, 2002. On
December 20, 2002, the Court granted Defendants' motion without prejudice.
Plaintiffs have until March 27, 2003, to file an amended complaint. The Company
intends to defend vigorously against this action.

                                       93
<Page>

         On March 16, March 26, April 27, and June 5, 2001, respectively, four
putative class action complaints were filed in the U.S. District Court for the
Southern District of New York naming priceline.com, Inc., Richard S. Braddock,
Jay Walker, Paul Francis, Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Co., Merrill Lynch,
Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc., BancBoston Robertson Stephens, Inc. and Salomon
Smith Barney, Inc. as defendants (01 Civ. 2261, 01 Civ. 2576, 01 Civ. 3590 and
01 Civ. 4956). Shives ET AL. v. Bank of America Securities LLC ET AL., 01 Civ.
4956, also names other defendants and states claims unrelated to the Company.
The complaints allege, among other things, that priceline.com and the individual
defendants named in the complaints violated the federal securities laws by
issuing and selling priceline.com common stock in priceline.com's March 1999
initial public offering without disclosing to investors that some of the
underwriters in the offering, including the lead underwriters, had allegedly
solicited and received excessive and undisclosed commissions from certain
investors. By Orders of Judge Mukasey and Judge Scheindlin dated August 8, 2001,
these cases were consolidated for pre-trial purposes with hundreds of other
cases, which contain allegations concerning the allocation of shares in the
initial public offerings of companies other than priceline.com, Inc. By Order of
Judge Scheindlin dated August 14, 2001, the following cases were consolidated
for all purposes: 01 Civ. 2261; 01 Civ. 2576; and 01 Civ. 3590. On April 19,
2002, plaintiffs filed a Consolidated Amended Class Action Complaint in these
cases. This Consolidated Amended Class Action Complaint makes similar
allegations to those described above but with respect to both the Company's
March 1999 initial public offering and the Company's August 1999 second public
offering of common stock. The named defendants are priceline.com, Inc., Richard
S. Braddock, Jay S. Walker, Paul E. Francis, Nancy B. Peretsman, Timothy G.
Brier, Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Co., Goldman Sachs & Co., Merrill Lynch,
Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc., Robertson Stephens, Inc. (as successor-in-interest
to BancBoston), Credit Suisse First Boston Corp. (as successor-in-interest to
Donaldson Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp.), Allen & Co., Inc. and Salomon
Smith Barney, Inc. Priceline, Richard Braddock, Jay Walker, Paul Francis, Nancy
Peretsman, and Timothy Brier, together with other issuer defendants in the
consolidated litigation, filed a joint motion to dismiss on July 15, 2002. On
November 18, 2002, the cases against the individual defendants were dismissed
without prejudice and without costs. In addition, counsel for plaintiffs and the
individual defendants executed Reservation of Rights and Tolling Agreements,
which toll the statutes of limitations on plaintiffs' claims against those
individuals. On February 19, 2003, Judge Scheindlin issued an Opinion and Order
granting in part and denying in part that motion. None of the claims against the
Company were dismissed. The Company intends to defend vigorously against these
actions.

         From time to time, the Company has been and expects to continue to be
subject to legal proceedings and claims in the ordinary course of business,
including claims of alleged infringement of third party intellectual property
rights by it. Such claims, even if not meritorious, could result in the
expenditure of significant financial and managerial resources and could
adversely affect the Company's results of operations and business.

         Worldspan, L.P. Agreement - On October 1, 2001, the Company entered
into a long-term worldwide technology agreement with Worldspan, L.P., pursuant
to which Worldspan, L.P. acts as the Company's preferred global distribution
system and provides it with product development resources.

         Employment Contracts - The Company has employment agreements with
certain members of senior management that provide for minimum annual
compensation of approximately $3.5 million in the aggregate. In some instances,
the agreements provide for periods of employment of up to three years.
Generally, the agreements provide for aggregated salary payments of up to $3.9
million, accelerated vesting of stock options upon, among other things, death or
a termination other than for "cause" or "good reason", as those terms are
defined in the agreement, and a gross-up for the payment of parachute excise
taxes.

         Europe Acquisition - Certain investors in priceline.com Europe
Holdings, N. V., including certain affiliates of General Atlantic Partners, LLC,
have the right to put their shares of priceline.com Europe Holdings, N.V. to
priceline.com Incorporated, at fair market value, in the event of a change in
control, as

                                       94
<Page>

defined, of priceline.com Incorporated. These investors own 45,539,999 shares of
priceline.com Europe Holdings, N. V.

         Uncertainty Regarding State Taxes - The Company files tax returns in
such states as required by law based on principles applicable to traditional
businesses. In addition, the Company pays sales and other taxes to suppliers
on its purchases of travel services sold through the priceline.com service.
In certain cases, where appropriate, the Company remits taxes directly to the
tax authorities. The Company believes that this practice is consistent with
the tax laws of all jurisdictions. However, one or more states could seek to
impose additional income tax obligations, sales tax collection obligations,
or other tax obligations on companies, such as ours, which engage in or
facilitate online commerce. A number of proposals have been made at state and
local levels that could impose such taxes on the sale of products and
services through the Internet or the income derived from such sales. To the
extent that any tax authority succeeds in asserting that a tax collection
responsibility applies to transactions conducted through the priceline.com
service, the Company might have additional tax exposure. Such actions could
have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and
financial condition. The Company will continue to assess the risks of any
potential financial impact, and to the extent appropriate, it will reserve
for those contingencies.

         Operating Leases - The Company leases certain facilities and equipment
through operating leases. Rental expense for operating leases was approximately
$2.5 million, $2.4 million and $2.5 million for the years ended December 31,
2002, 2001, and 2000, respectively. The Company's executive, administrative,
operating offices and network operations center are located in approximately
92,000 square feet of leased office space located in Norwalk, Connecticut. The
Company's call center is located in approximately 12,000 square feet of leased
office and warehouse space located in Columbus, Ohio. In addition, the Company
leases approximately 47,000 square feet in another location in Wilton,
Connecticut that is partially unoccupied. Of this space, approximately 11,000
square feet is being sublet. The Company intends to vacate this space in April
2003 in accordance with the terms of the lease. The Company also has a lease for
approximately 2,500 square feet of office space in New York City. Priceline.com
europe Ltd. leases 290 square feet of office space in Staines, England. The
Company does not own any real estate as of March 17, 2003. Minimum payments for
operating leases having initial or remaining non-cancelable terms in excess of
one year are as follows (in thousands):

<Table>
<Caption>
                                     Years ended December 31,
                                                             After
       2003        2004        2005     2006       2007       2007      Total
     -------     -------     -------   -------    -------    -------   --------
     <S>         <C>         <C>       <C>        <C>        <C>       <C>
     $ 2,814     $ 2,490     $ 2,477   $ 2,462    $ 2,373    $ 8,338   $ 20,954
</Table>

17.      BENEFIT PLAN

         Priceline.com adopted a defined contribution 401(k) savings plan (the
"Plan") during 1998 covering all employees who are at least 21 years old and
have completed 6 months of service. The Plan allows eligible employees to
contribute up to 20% of their eligible earnings, subject to a statutorily
prescribed annual limit. The Company may make matching contributions on a
discretionary basis to the Plan. All participants are fully vested in their
contributions and investment earnings. During the three years ended December 31,
2002, the Company did not make any matching contributions to the Plan.

18.      OTHER RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS/DUE FROM EMPLOYEES

         During the years ended December 31, 2000 and 1999, Walker Digital
provided the Company with a variety of services including subleasing office
facilities to the Company. Charges to the Company for such services aggregated
approximately $1.4 million and $706,000, respectively. In addition, the Company
charged Walker Digital $1.8 million for the year ended December 31, 1999, for
certain

                                       95
<Page>

reimbursable services, including legal and accounting services and IT
infrastructure. Such amounts have been offset against general and administrative
expenses in the accompanying statements of operations.

         At December 31, 1999 the Company had loan receivables from officers
aggregating approximately $9.3 million ($6.0 from Dan Schulman and $3.3
million from Rick Braddock). During 2000, as part of their employment
agreements, the Company made loans of $3 million to Heidi Miller and $2
million to Jeff Boyd. The Company made an additional loan to Dan Schulman of
$3 million in 2000. The loans all bore interest and were not contingent upon
the employees exercising their options to purchase Common Stock. Subject to
certain prepayment obligations and to forgiveness in the event of certain
changes of control, death, or termination without cause, pursuant to the
terms of these loans, accrued interest and principal were payable after five
years, but were forgivable under certain circumstances. The Company expensed
the forgiveness portion of the loans.

         During 2000, Mr. Braddock repaid the principal due of $3.3 million and
the Company forgave the interest due of $294,000. Pursuant to the terms of her
agreement, the loan to Ms. Miller was forgiven when she left the Company during
the fourth quarter of 2000. In the fourth quarter of 2000, Mr. Boyd's loan was
forgiven in full and one half of Mr. Schulman's loans was forgiven in connection
with the Company's employee retention plan and their return of certain stock
options granted to them. The second half of Mr. Schulman's loan, including the
interest thereon, was forgiven in 2001 pursuant to the terms of his employment
agreement in connection with his severance.

19.      SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

         On March 18, 2003, the Company announced that Lowestfare.com, its
wholly-owned subsidiary, had entered into a distribution agreement with
Travelweb LLC. Travelweb LLC is a full-service automated hotel distribution
network owned by Marriott, Hilton, Hyatt, Six Continents, Starwood Hotels and
Pegasus Solutions. Under the terms of the agreement, Travelweb LLC will become
the exclusive provider of published-price, net rate inventory in the U.S. and
Canada that will be available on both Lowestfare.com and on priceline.com. In
connection with the distribution agreement, the Company made an $8.5 million
investment in Travelweb LLC, in the form of approximately 15% of the equity of
Travelweb LLC and Jeffery H. Boyd, the Company's President and Chief Executive
Officer, will become a member of Travelweb LLC's Board of Directors.

         On March 20, 2003, the Company announced that, in connection with the
renewal of a marketing agreement with Marriott International, Inc., it issued
Marriott five million warrants to purchase shares of the Company's common stock.
The warrants, which are not transferable, are fully vested and will be
exercisable no earlier than three years from the date of issuance (subject to
certain limited exceptions in the event of a reorganization, recapitalization,
merger or consolidation involving priceline.com). The exercise price of the
warrants will be the closing price of the Company's common stock at a
pre-determined date in the future. In connection with the issuance of the
warrants, the Company will record a charge in the first quarter of 2003 of
approximately $0.03 to $0.04 per share.

                                       96
<Page>

20.      SELECTED QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED)

         The following table sets forth certain key interim financial
information for the years ended December 31, 2002 and 2001:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                FIRST         SECOND          THIRD         FOURTH
                                                               QUARTER        QUARTER        QUARTER        QUARTER
                                                             --------------------------------------------------------
                                                                      (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)
<S>                                                          <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>
2002:
Revenues:
  Travel .................................................   $   259,899    $   302,882    $   238,121    $   195,913
  Other ..................................................         1,986          1,574          1,843          1,388
                                                             --------------------------------------------------------
Total revenues ...........................................       261,885        304,456        239,964        197,301

Cost of revenues:
  Travel .................................................       219,511        255,972        201,949        166,710
  Other ..................................................           381            336            274            107
                                                             --------------------------------------------------------
Total costs of revenues ..................................       219,892        256,308        202,223        166,817
                                                             --------------------------------------------------------
Gross profit .............................................        41,993         48,148         37,741         30,484
                                                             --------------------------------------------------------

Operating expenses:
  Sales and marketing ....................................        20,791         24,590         20,794         16,566
  General and administrative .............................         6,740          7,804          7,459          7,270
  Stock based compensation ...............................           250            250            250            250
  Systems and business development .......................        10,533         10,520         10,138          9,773

  Special charge (reversal) ..............................             -           (200)             -              -
  Restructuring charge (reversal) ........................          (824)             -            (92)         4,654
  Severance charge (reversal) ............................             -            (55)             -              -
  Impairment charge ......................................             -              -         24,229              -
                                                             --------------------------------------------------------
  Total operating expenses ...............................        37,490         42,909         62,778         38,513
                                                             --------------------------------------------------------

Operating income (loss) ..................................         4,503          5,239        (25,037)        (8,029)
Other income .............................................         1,238          1,070          1,214            618
                                                             --------------------------------------------------------

Net income (loss) ........................................         5,741          6,309        (23,823)        (7,411)
                                                             --------------------------------------------------------
Preferred stock dividend .................................        (1,854)             -           (490)             -
                                                             --------------------------------------------------------

Net income (loss) applicable to common stockholders ......   $     3,887    $     6,309    $   (24,313)   $    (7,411)
                                                             ========================================================

Net income (loss) applicable to common stockholders per
basic share ..............................................   $      0.02    $      0.03    $     (0.11)   $     (0.03)
                                                             ========================================================

Weighted average number of basic common shares outstanding       227,503        229,679        227,273        224,709
                                                             ========================================================

Net income (loss) applicable to common stockholders per
diluted share ............................................   $      0.02    $      0.03    $     (0.11)   $     (0.03)
                                                             ========================================================

Weighted average number of diluted common shares
outstanding ..............................................       239,970        239,502        227,273        224,709
                                                             ========================================================
</Table>

                                       97
<Page>

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                        FIRST        SECOND      THIRD       FOURTH
                                                       QUARTER      QUARTER     QUARTER     QUARTER
                                                      -----------------------------------------------
                                                           (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)
<S>                                                   <C>          <C>        <C>          <C>
2001:
Revenues:
  Travel ..........................................   $  267,020   $  362,492 $  299,793   $  232,918
  Other ...........................................        2,684        2,264      2,196        2,386
                                                      -----------------------------------------------
Total revenues ....................................      269,704      364,756    301,989      235,304

Cost of revenues:
  Travel ..........................................      225,496      303,979    250,952      195,608
  Other ...........................................        1,093          671        605          443
                                                      -----------------------------------------------
Total costs of revenues ...........................      226,589      304,650    251,557      196,051
                                                      -----------------------------------------------
Gross profit ......................................       43,115       60,106     50,432       39,253
                                                      -----------------------------------------------

Operating expenses:
  Sales and marketing .............................       30,623       32,818     30,010       21,915
  General and administrative ......................        9,427        7,844      6,366        5,931
  Stock based compensation ........................        5,157        3,140      1,015        7,196
  Systems and business development ................       11,112        9,892     10,160       10,129
  Special charge (reversal) .......................            -            -          -       (1,218)
  Restructuring charge (reversal) .................        1,400            -          -       (1,536)
  Severance charge ................................            -        5,412          -            -
                                                      -----------------------------------------------
  Total operating expenses ........................       57,719       59,106     47,551       42,417
                                                      -----------------------------------------------

Operating (loss) income ...........................      (14,604)       1,000      2,881       (3,164)
Other income ......................................          830        1,816      2,096        1,842
                                                      -----------------------------------------------

Net (loss) income .................................      (13,774)       2,816      4,977       (1,322)
Preferred stock dividend ..........................            -            -     (8,563)           -
                                                      -----------------------------------------------

Net (loss) income applicable to common stockholders   $  (13,774)  $    2,816 $   (3,586)  $   (1,322)
                                                      ===============================================

Net (loss) income applicable to common stockholders
per basic share ...................................   $    (0.07)  $     0.01 $    (0.02)  $    (0.01)
                                                      ===============================================

Weighted average number of basic common shares
outstanding .......................................      188,589      196,581    216,132      223,042
                                                      ===============================================

Net (loss) income applicable to common stockholders
per diluted share .................................   $    (0.07)  $     0.01 $    (0.02)  $    (0.01)
                                                      ===============================================

Weighted average number of diluted common shares
outstanding .......................................      188,589      220,021    216,132      223,042
                                                      ===============================================
</Table>

                                       98
<Page>

                                INDEX TO EXHIBITS

<Table>
<Caption>
Exhibit
Number          Description
  <S>           <C>
  2.1(a)        Agreement of Merger, dated as of July 31, 1998, between
                priceline.com LLC and the Registrant.
  3.1(a)        Form of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
                of the Registrant.
  3.2(a)        Form of By-Laws of the Registrant.
  4.1           Reference is hereby made to Exhibits 3.1 and 3.2.
  4.2(a)        Specimen Certificate for Registrant's Common Stock.
  4.3(a)        Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated
                as of December 8, 1998, among the Registrant and certain
                stockholders of the Registrant.
  10.1.1(a)     1997 Omnibus Plan of the Registrant.
  10.1.2(a)     1999 Omnibus Plan of the Registrant.
  10.2(a)       Stock Purchase Agreement, dated July 31, 1998, among the
                Registrant and the investors named therein, as amended.
  10.3(a)       Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 8, 1998,
                among the Registrant and the investors named therein, as
                amended.
  10.4          Reference is hereby made to Exhibit 4.3.
  10.5(a)       Purchase and Intercompany Services Agreement, dated April
                6, 1998, among the Registrant, Walker Asset Management
                Limited Partnership, Walker Digital Corporation and
                Priceline Travel, Inc.
  10.6.1(a)     Employment Agreement, dated as of January 1, 1998,
                between Jay S. Walker, Walker Digital Corporation, the
                Registrant and Jesse M. Fink.
  10.6.2(a)     Amendment No. 1 to Employment Agreement, dated November
                16, 1998 between the Registrant and Jesse M. Fink.
  10.7.1(a)     Employment Agreement, dated as of July 23, 1998, between
                the Registrant and Timothy G. Brier.
  10.7.2(a)     Amendment No. 1 to Employment Agreement, dated November
                16, 1998, between the Registrant and Timothy G. Brier.
  10.8(a)       Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of
                August 15, 1998, by and between the Registrant and
                Richard S. Braddock.
  10.9(a)       Airline Participation Agreement, dated April 1998, by and
                among the Registrant, Priceline Travel, Inc. and Trans
                World Airlines, Inc.
  10.10(a)+     Airline Participation Agreement, dated October 2, 1998,
                by and among the Registrant, Priceline Travel, Inc. and
                Northwest Airlines, Inc.
  10.11.1(a)+   General Agreement, dated August 31, 1998, by and among
                the Registrant, Priceline Travel, Inc. and Delta Air
                Lines, Inc.
  10.11.2(a)+   Airline Participation Agreement, dated August 31, 1998,
                by and among the Registrant, Priceline Travel, Inc. and
                Delta Air Lines, Inc.
  10.11.3(a)+   Amendment to the Airline Participation Agreement and the
                General Agreement, dated December 31, 1998, between and
                among the Registrant, Priceline Travel, Inc. and Delta
                Air Lines, Inc.
  10.11.4(c)    Letter Agreement, dated July 16, 1999, between the
                Registrant and Delta Air Lines, Inc.
  10.11.5(e)    Master Agreement, dated November 17, 1999, between the
                Registrant and Delta Air Lines, Inc.
  10.11.6(e)    Amendment to the Airline Participation Agreement and the
                General Agreement, dated November 17, 1999, by and among
                the Registrant, Priceline Travel, Inc. and Delta Air
                Lines, Inc.
  10.11.7+      Participation Warrant Agreement, dated as of November 17,
                1999, between the Registrant and Delta Air Lines, Inc.
  10.12(a)+     Airline Participation Agreement, dated December 31, 1998,
                by and among the Registrant, Priceline Travel, Inc. and
                America West Airlines.
  10.13(a)+     Internet Marketing and Licensing Agreement, as of August
                1, 1998, between the Registrant and LendingTree, Inc.
  10.14(a)      Systems Access Agreement, dated as of August 4, 1997,
                between the Registrant and WORLDPAN, L.P.
  10.15(a)      Master Agreement for Outsourcing Call Center Support,
                dated as of April 6, 1998, between the Registrant and
                CALLTECH Communications, Incorporated.
</Table>

                                       99
<Page>

<Table>
  <S>           <C>
  10.16(a)      Form of Participation Warrant Agreement.
  10.17.1(a)+   Participation Warrant Agreement, dated as of December 31,
                1998.
  10.17.2(a)+   Amendment No. 1, dated as of February 4, 1999, to Warrant
                Participation Agreement, dated as of December 31, 1998.
  10.17.3(a)+   Amendment No. 2, dated as of March 3, 1999, to
                Participation Warrant Agreement, dated as of December 31,
                1998, as previously amended to Amendment No. 1 to Warrant
                Participation Agreement, dated as of February 4, 1999.
  10.18(c)      Employment Agreement, dated as of June 14, 1999, between
                the Registrant and Daniel H. Schulman.
  10.19.1(c)    Airline Participation Agreement, dated July 16, 1999,
                between the Registrant and Continental Airlines, Inc.
  10.19.2(c)    Participation Warrant Agreement, dated July 16, 1999,
                between the Registrant and Continental Airlines, Inc.
  10.19.3(e)    First Amendment to Participation Warrant Agreement, dated
                as of November 17, 1999, by and between the Registrant
                and Continental Airlines, Inc.
  10.19.4+      Participation Warrant Agreement, dated November 17, 1999,
                between the Registrant and Continental Airlines, Inc.
  10.20(d)      License Agreement, dated July 20, 1999 between Walker
                Digital Corporation and the Registrant.
  10.21(e)      Sublease, dated October 1999, between Oxford Health
                Plans, Inc., as Sub-Landlord, and the Registrant, as
                Sub-Tenant, and Agreement of Lease, dated June 16, 1993,
                as amended, between Prudential Insurance Company of
                America, as Landlord, and Oxford Health Plans, Inc., as
                Tenant.
  10.22.1(e)    Securityholders' Agreement, dated as of October 26, 1999,
                among the Registrant, Priceline WebHouse Club, Inc.,
                Walker Digital, LLC and the Investors signatory thereto.
  10.22.2+      Intellectual Property License Agreement, dated as of
                October 26, 1999, between the Registrant and Priceline
                WebHouse Club, Inc.
  10.22.3+      Marketing and Technical Services Agreement, dated as of
                October 26, 1999, between the Registrant and Priceline
                WebHouse Club, Inc.
  10.22.4+      Warrant Agreement, dated as of October 26, 1999, between
                the Registrant and Priceline WebHouse Club, Inc.
  10.22.5+      Services Agreement, dated as of October 26, 1999, between
                the Registrant and Priceline WebHouse Club, Inc.
  10.23.1+      Airline Participation Agreement, dated as of November 15,
                1999, by and between the Registrant and United Air Lines,
                Inc.
  10.23.2+      Participation Warrant Agreement, dated as of November 15,
                1999, by and between the Registrant and United Air Lines,
                Inc.
  10.24.1+      Airline Participation Agreement, dated as of November 17,
                1999, by and between the Registrant and US Airways, Inc.
  10.24.2+      Participation Warrant Agreement, dated as of November 17,
                1999, by and between the Registrant and US Airways, Inc.
  10.25.1+      Airline Participation Agreement, dated as of November 17,
                1999, by and between the Registrant and American
                Airlines, Inc.
  10.25.2+      Participation Warrant Agreement, dated as of November 17,
                1999, by and between the Registrant and American
                Airlines, Inc.
  10.26+        Participation Warrant Agreement, dated as of November 17,
                1999, by and between the Registrant and Trans World
                Airlines, Inc.
  10.27+        Participation Warrant Agreement, dated as of November 17,
                1999, by and between the Registrant and Northwest
                Airlines, Inc.
  10.28+        Participation Warrant Agreement, dated as of November 17,
                1999, by and between the Registrant and America West
                Airlines
  10.29(e)      Continuing Employment Agreement, dated as of December 16,
                1999, between the Registrant and Melissa M. Taub.
  10.30(f)      Employment Agreement, dated December 3, 1999, between the
                Registrant and Michael McCadden.
  10.31(f)      Employment Agreement, dated December 30, 1999 between the
                Registrant and Jeffery H. Boyd.
  10.32(f)      Employment Agreement, dated February 18, 2000, between
                the Registrant and Heidi G. Miller.
  10.33(f)      Promissory Note, dated February 10, 2000 between Jeffery
                H. Boyd and the Registrant.
  10.34(f)      Amendment to Promissory Note, dated March 28, 2000,
                between Jeffery H. Boyd and the Registrant.
  10.35(f)      Promissory Note, dated March 7, 2000, between Heidi G.
                Miller and the Registrant.
  10.36(f)      Stock Option Agreement, dated February 18, 2000, by and
                between the Registrant and Heidi G. Miller.
  10.37(f)      Amendment to Promissory Note, dated March 28, 2000,
                between Daniel H. Schulman and the Registrant.
  10.38(f)      Amendment Number One to the Priceline.com Incorporated
                1999 Omnibus Plan.
  10.39(f)+     Formation and Funding Agreement, dated as of March 17,
                2000, by and between the Registrant and Alliance
                Partners, L.P.
</Table>

                                       100
<Page>

<Table>
  <S>           <C>
  10.40(g)      Certificate of Designation, Preferences and Rights of
                Series A Convertible Redeemable PIK Preferred Stock of
                priceline.com Incorporated.
  10.41(g)      priceline.com Incorporated 1999 Omnibus Plan, as amended.
  10.42(g)      Amended and Restated Promissory Note, dated May 18, 2000,
                between priceline.com Incorporated and Daniel H.
                Schulman.
  10.43(g)      Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated June 12, 2000,
                between priceline.com Incorporated and Richard Braddock
  10.44(g)      Lease, dated as of May 1, 2000, between the parties
                listed therein, as Landlord and priceline.com
                Incorporated, as Tenant.
  10.45(g)      Convertible Note, dated June 27, 2000, between
                Hutchison-Priceline Limited, as obligor, and PCLN Asia,
                Inc., as holder.
  10.46(h)      Amended and Restated Promissory Note, dated August 21,
                2000, between priceline.com Incorporated and Heidi
                Miller.
  10.47(h)      Amendment Employment Agreement, dated August 21, 2000,
                between priceline.com Incorporated and Heidi Miller.

  10.48(h)      Second Amended and Restate Promissory Note, dated August
                21, 2000, between priceline.com Incorporated and Jeffery
                H. Boyd.
  10.49(h)      Amendment to Offer Letter, dated August 21, 2000, between
                priceline.com Incorporated and Jeffery H. Boyd.
  10.50(h)      Second Amended and Restated Promissory Note, dated August
                21, 2000, between priceline.com Incorporated and Daniel
                H. Schulman.
  10.51(h)      Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated August 21, 2000,
                between priceline.com Incorporated and Daniel H.
                Schulman.
  10.52(i)      Certificate of Designation, Preferences and Rights of
                Series B Redeemable Preferred Stock of priceline.com
                Incorporated.
  10.53(i)      Warrant Agreement, dated February 6, 2001, by and between
                priceline.com Incorporated and Delta Air Lines, Inc.
  10.54(i)      Stockholder Agreement, dated February 6, 2001, between
                priceline.com Incorporated and Delta Air Lines, Inc.
  10.55(j)      Priceline.com 2000 Employee Stock Option Plan.
  10.56(j)      Employment Agreement, dated November 20, 2000, between
                priceline.com Incorporated and Robert Mylod.
  10.57(k)      Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 15, 2001,
                among priceline.com Incorporated, Prime Pro Group Limited
                and Forthcoming Era Limited.
  10.58(k)      Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of February 15,
                2001, among priceline.com Incorporated, Prime Pro Group
                Limited and Forthcoming Era Limited.
  10.59(l)      Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated December
                20, 2000, by and between priceline.com Incorporated and
                Daniel H. Schulman.
  10.60(l)      Promissory Note, dated July 2, 1999, by and between
                priceline.com Incorporated and Daniel H. Schulman
  10.61(l)      Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated November
                20, 2000, by and between priceline.com Incorporated and
                Jeffery H. Boyd.
  10.62(l)      Stock Option and Restricted Stock Agreement, dated
                November 20, 2000, by and between priceline.com Incorporated
                and Robert Mylod.
  10.63(l)      Employment Agreement, dated November 20, 2000, by and
                between priceline.com Incorporated and W. Michael
                McCadden.
  10.64(l)      Employment Agreement, dated December 20, 2000, by and
                between priceline.com Incorporated and Ronald Rose.
  10.65(l)      Amended Participation Warrant Agreement, dated November
                2, 2000, by and between priceline.com Incorporated and
                Delta Air Lines, Inc.
  10.66(m)      Employment Letter, dated February 9, 2001, by and between
                priceline.com Incorporated and Peter J. Millones
  10.67(n)      Stockholders' Agreement by and among priceline.com
                Incorporated, Prime Pro Group Limited, Forthcoming Era
                Limited, Potton Resources Limited and Ultimate Pioneer
                Limited, dated as of June 5, 2001.
  10.68(o)      Priceline.com 1999 Omnibus Plan, as amended.
  10.69(p)      Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated June 15, 2001,
                by and between priceline.com and Robert Mylod,
  10.70(q)      Amendment to Amended & Restated Employment Agreement,
                dated December 10, 2001 by and between priceline.com
                Incorporated and Jeffery Boyd.
  10.71+(q)     Subscriber Entity Agreement, dated October 1, 2001, by
                and between Worldspan, L.P. and priceline.com
                Incorporated.
</Table>

                                       101
<Page>

<Table>
  <S>           <C>
  10.72+(q)     Amendment to the Worldspan, L.P. Subscriber Agreement,
                dated October 1, 2001, by and between Worldspan, L.P. and
                priceline.com Incorporated.
  10.73(q)      Employment Letter Agreement, dated January 2, 2002, by
                and between priceline.com Incorporated and Brett Keller.
  10.74(r)      Employment Agreement, dated August 22, 2002, by and
                between priceline.com Incorporated and Mitch Truwit.
  23.1          Consent of Deloitte & Touche LLP.
  99.1(s)       Certification of Jeffery H. Boyd, pursuant to Section 906
                of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Subsections (a) and
                (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United
                States Code).
  99.2(s)       Certification of Robert J. Mylod, pursuant to Section 906
                of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Subsections (a) and
                (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United
                States Code).
</Table>

  (a)  Previously filed as an exhibit to the Form S-1 (Registration
       No. 333-69657) filed in connection with priceline.com's initial
       public offering and incorporated herein by reference.
  (b)  Previously filed as an exhibit to the Form 10-Q filed on May
       17, 1999 and incorporated herein by reference.
  (c)  Previously filed as an exhibit to the Form S-1 (Registration
       No. 333-83513) filed in connection with priceline.com's
       secondary public offering and incorporated herein by reference.
  (d)  Previously filed as an exhibit to the Form 10-Q for the
       quarterly period ended September 30, 1999.
  (e)  Previously filed as an exhibit to the Form 10-K for the year
       ended December 31, 1999.
  (f)  Previously filed as an exhibit to the Form 10-Q for the
       quarterly period ended March 31, 2000.
  (g)  Previously filed as an exhibit to the Form 10-Q for the
       quarterly period ended June 30, 2000.
  (h)  Previously filed as an exhibit to the Form 10-Q for the
       quarterly period ended September 30, 2000.
  (i)  Previously filed as an exhibit to the Form 8-K filed on
       February 8, 2001.
  (j)  Previously filed as an exhibit to the Form S-8 (Registration
       No. 333-55578) filed on February 14, 2001.
  (k)  Previously filed as an exhibit to the Form 8-K filed on
       February 20, 2001.
  (l)  Previously filed as an exhibit to the Form 10-K for the year
       ended December 31, 2000.
  (m)  Previously filed as an exhibit to the Form 10-Q for the
       quarterly period ended March 31, 2001.
  (n)  Previously filed as an exhibit to the Form 8-K filed on June 6,
       2001.
  (o)  Previously filed as an exhibit to the Form S-8 (Registration
       No. 333-65034) filed on July 13, 2001.
  (p)  Previously filed as an exhibit to the Form 10-Q for the
       quarterly period ended June 30, 2001.
  (q)  Previously filed as an exhibit to the Form 10-K for the year
       ended December 31, 2001.
  (r)  Previously filed as an exhibit to the Form 10-Q for the
       quarterly period ended September 30, 2002.
  (s)  This document is being furnished in accordance with SEC Release
       Nos. 33-8212 and 34-47551.
   +   Certain portions of this document have been omitted pursuant to
       a confidential treatment request.

                                       102

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
