<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K405
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d10k405.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 10-K
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

                                  UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

                                    FORM 10-K

[X]  ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
     1934
(Fee Required)

For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2001

[ ]  TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
     ACT OF 1934
(No Fee Required)

For the Transition Period from                        to
                               ----------------------    -----------------------
Commission File Number  0-12436

                              COLONY BANKCORP, INC.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
               (Exact Name of Registrant Specified in its Charter)

            Georgia                                   58-1492391
--------------------------------------   ---------------------------------------
 State or Other Jurisdiction of                    (I.R.S. Employer
  Incorporation or Organization                 Identification Number)

115 SOUTH GRANT STREET,                   FITZGERALD, GEORGIA           31750
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(Address of Principal Executive Offices)                              (Zip Code)

Registrant's Telephone Number Including Area Code (229) 426-6000

Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the  Act:

         Title of Each Class           Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered

               NONE
-----------------------------------    -----------------------------------------
           Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

COMMON STOCK, $1.00 PAR VALUE
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                (Title of Class)

     Indicate by check mark whether the issuer (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required
to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for
the past 90 days. [X] Yes [ ] No

     Indicate by check mark if the disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to
Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any
amendment to this Form 10-K. [X]

     State the aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates
of the registrant as of March 7, 2002

              Common Stock, par value $1.00 per share - $55,780,632

                   (APPLICABLE ONLY TO CORPORATE REGISTRANTS)

     Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant's
classes of common stock, as of March 7, 2002

           Common Stock, par value $1.00 per share - 4,209,859 shares

<PAGE>

                      DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

     Location in Form 10-K                      Incorporated Document
-----------------------------------       -----------------------------------

Part I

Item 3 - Legal Proceedings                Page 11 of the Company's Definitive
                                          Proxy Statement dated March 22,
                                          2002, in connection with its Annual
                                          Meeting to be held on April 23,
                                          2002.

Part III

Item 10 - Directors, Executive            Pages 3, 4 and 5 of the Company's
Officers, Promoters and Control           Definitive Proxy Statement dated
Persons; Compliance with Section          March 22, 2002, in connection with
16(a) of the Exchange Act                 its Annual Meeting to be held on
                                          April 23, 2002.

Item 11 - Executive Compensation          Pages 6, 8, 9, 10, 11 and 12 of the
                                          Company's Definitive Proxy
                                          Statement dated March 22, 2002, in
                                          connection with its Annual Meeting
                                          to be held on April 23, 2002

Item 12 - Security Ownership of           Pages 7 and 8 of the Company's
Certain Beneficial Owners and             Definitive Proxy Statement dated
Management                                March 22, 2002, in connection with
                                          its Annual Meeting to be held on
                                          April 23, 2002.

Item 13 - Certain Relationships and       Pages 11 and 12 of the Company's
Related Transactions                      Definitive Proxy Statement dated
                                          March 22, 2002 in connection with
                                          its Annual Meeting to be held on
                                          April 23, 2002.

<PAGE>

Part I
Item 1

BUSINESS OF THE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARY BANKS

                              COLONY BANKCORP, INC.

Colony Bankcorp, Inc. (the "Company" or "Colony") is a Georgia business
corporation which was incorporated on November 8, 1982. The Company was
organized for the purpose of operating as a bank-holding company under the
Federal Bank-Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, and the bank-holding
company laws of Georgia (Georgia Laws 1976, p. 168, et. seq.). On July 22, 1983,
the Company, after obtaining the requisite regulatory approvals, acquired 100
percent of the issued and outstanding common stock of Colony Bank of Fitzgerald
(formerly The Bank of Fitzgerald), Fitzgerald, Georgia, through the merger of
the Bank with a subsidiary of the Company which was created for the purpose of
organizing the Bank into a one-bank holding company. Since that time, Colony
Bank of Fitzgerald has operated as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.

On April 30, 1984, Colony, with the prior approval of the Federal Reserve Bank
of Atlanta and the Georgia Department of Banking and Finance, acquired 100
percent of the issued and outstanding common stock of Colony Bank Wilcox
(formerly Community Bank of Wilcox and Pitts Banking Company), Pitts, Wilcox
County, Georgia. As part of that transaction, Colony issued an additional 17,872
shares of its $10.00 par value common stock, all of which was exchanged with the
holders of shares of common stock of Pitts Banking Company for 100 percent of
the 250 issued and outstanding shares of common stock of Pitts Banking Company.
Since the date of acquisition, the Bank has operated as a wholly-owned
subsidiary of the Company.

On November 1, 1984, after obtaining the requisite regulatory approvals, Colony
acquired 100 percent of the issued and outstanding common stock of Colony Bank
Ashburn (formerly Ashburn Bank), Ashburn, Turner County, Georgia, for a
combination of cash and interest-bearing promissory notes. Since the date of
acquisition, Colony Bank Ashburn has operated as a wholly-owned subsidiary of
the Company.

On September 30, 1985, after obtaining the requisite regulatory approvals, the
Company acquired 100 percent of the issued and outstanding common stock of
Colony Bank of Dodge County (formerly The Bank of Dodge County), Chester, Dodge
County, Georgia. The stock was acquired in exchange for the issuance of 3,500
shares of common stock of Colony. Since the date of its acquisition, Colony Bank
of Dodge County has operated as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.

Effective July 31, 1991, the Company acquired all of the outstanding common
stock of Colony Bank Worth (formerly Worth Federal Savings and Loan Association
and Bank of Worth) in exchange for cash and 7,661 of the Company's common stock
for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $718,000. Colony Bank Worth has
operated as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.

On November 8, 1996, Colony organized Colony Management Services, Inc. to
provide support services to each subsidiary. Services provided include loan and
compliance review, internal audit and data processing.

                                        1

<PAGE>

Part I (Continued)
Item 1 (Continued)

On November 30, 1996, the Company acquired Broxton State Bank (name subsequently
changed to Colony Bank Southeast) in a business combination accounted for as a
pooling of interests. Broxton State Bank became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
Company through the exchange of 157,735 shares of the Company's common stock for
all of the outstanding stock of Broxton State Bank.

On March 2, 2000, Colony Bank Ashburn purchased the capital stock of Georgia
First Mortgage Company in a business combination accounted for as a purchase.
The purchase price of $346,725 was the fair value of the net assets of Georgia
First Mortgage at the date of purchase. Georgia First Mortgage is primarily
engaged in residential real estate mortgage lending in the state of Georgia.

The Company conducts all of its operations through its bank subsidiaries. A
brief description of each Bank's history and business operations is discussed
below.

                            COLONY BANK OF FITZGERALD

History and Business of the Bank

Colony Bank of Fitzgerald is a state banking institution chartered under the
laws of Georgia on November 10, 1975. Since opening on April 15, 1976, the Bank
has continued a general banking business and presently serves its customers from
three locations, the main office in Fitzgerald, Georgia at 302 South Main
Street, a full-service branch located on Highway 129 South and a new
full-service branch at 1291 S. Houston Lake Road, Warner Robins, Georgia.

The Bank operates a full-service banking business and engages in a broad range
of commercial banking activities, including accepting customary types of demand
and time deposits; making individual, consumer, commercial and installment
loans; money transfers; safe deposit services; and making investments in United
States Government and municipal securities. The Bank does not offer trust
services other than acting as custodian of individual retirement accounts.

The data processing work of the Bank is processed by Colony Management Services,
Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Colony Bankcorp, Inc.

Colony Bank of Fitzgerald acts as an agent for Visa Card and MasterCard through
The Bankers Bank which allows merchants to accept Visa Card and MasterCard and
deposit the charge tickets in their accounts with the Bank.

The Bank also offers its customers a variety of checking and savings accounts.
The installment loan department makes both direct consumer loans and also
purchases retail installment contracts from local automobile dealers and other
sellers of consumer goods.

The Bank serves the residents of Fitzgerald and surrounding areas of Ben Hill
County which has a population of approximately 16,000 people. Manufacturing
facilities located in Ben Hill County employ many people and are the most
significant part of the local economy. Ben Hill County also has a large
agricultural industry producing timber and row crops. Major row crops are
peanuts, tobacco, soybeans and corn.

                                        2

<PAGE>

Part I (Continued)
Item 1 (Continued)

The Bank now serves Houston County with the opening of its new branch in Warner
Robins, Georgia. The Houston County market has an estimated population of 89,000
as of 2001. Robins Air Force base, located in Houston County, is a major
employer in the area, which has survived national base closure mandates and
expanded in size in recent years.

A history of the Bank's financial position for fiscal years ended 2001, 2000 and
1999 is as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                              2001           2000           1999
                                          ------------   ------------   ------------
<S>                                       <C>            <C>            <C>
Total Assets                              $125,417,919   $113,939,142   $110,339,062
Total Deposits                             101,262,965     93,345,535     92,363,903
Total Stockholders' Equity                  11,641,773     10,878,703      9,848,839
Net Income                                   1,753,822      1,684,450      1,724,382

Number of Issued and Outstanding
  Shares                                        90,000         90,000         90,000
Book Value Per Share                      $     129.35   $     120.87   $     109.43
Net Income Per Share                             19.49          18.72          19.16
</TABLE>

Banking Facilities

The Bank's main offices are housed in a building located in Fitzgerald, Georgia.
The main offices, which are owned by the Bank, consist of approximately 13,000
square feet, three drive-in windows and an adjacent parking lot. Banking
operations also are conducted from the southside branch which is located at
South Dixie Highway, Fitzgerald, Georgia. This branch is owned by the Bank and
has been in continuous operation since it opened in December 1977. The branch is
a single story building with approximately 850 square feet and is operated with
three drive-in windows.

In July 2001, the Bank opened operations in Warner Robins, Georgia in a
temporary facility at 1291 S. Houston Lake Road. The 1,500 square foot leased
space has four inside teller stations and no drive-in windows. The Bank is
currently constructing a new 5,500 square foot facility with an anticipated
completion date of June 2002.

Competition

The banking business in Ben Hill County and Houston County is highly
competitive. The Bank competes primarily with five other commercial banks and
one credit union operating in Ben Hill County. In Houston County the Bank
competes with eight commercial banks and four credit unions. Additionally, the
Bank competes to a lesser extent with insurance companies and governmental
agencies. The banking industry is also experiencing increasing competition for
deposits from less traditional sources such as money market and mutual funds.
The Bank also offers "NOW" accounts, individual retirement accounts, simplified
pension plans, KEOGH plans and custodial accounts for minors.

Correspondents

As of December 31, 2001, the Bank had correspondent relationships with two other
banks. The Bank's principal correspondent is The Bankers Bank located in
Atlanta, Georgia. These correspondent banks provide certain services to the Bank
such as investing its excess funds, processing checks and other items, buying
and selling federal funds, handling money fund transfers and exchanges, shipping
coins and currency, providing security and safekeeping of funds and other
valuable items, handling loan participations and furnishing management
investment advice on the Bank's securities portfolio.

                                        3

<PAGE>

Part I (Continued)
Item 1
                               COLONY BANK ASHBURN

History and Business of the Bank

Colony Bank Ashburn was chartered as a state commercial bank in 1900 and
currently operates under the Financial Institutions Code of Georgia. The Bank's
deposits are insured up to $100,000 per account by the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation. The Bank conducts business at the offices located at 515 East
Washington and 416 East Washington in Ashburn, Turner County, Georgia, 137
Robert B. Lee Drive, in Lee County, Georgia, 2609 Ledo Road in Lee County,
Georgia and 1031 24th Ave., E., Cordele, Georgia. The offices in Leesburg and
Cordele operate under the name Colony Bank. The Bank's business largely consists
of (1) the acceptance of demand, savings and time deposits; (2) the making of
loans to consumers, business and other institutions; (3) investment of excess
funds and sale of federal funds, U.S. Treasury obligations and state, county and
municipal bonds; (4) investment services through PRIMEVEST Financial Services;
and (5) internet online banking. The Bank's mortgage lending services are
through Georgia First Mortgage and it does not offer trust services. It acts as
an agent for Visa Card and MasterCard through The Bankers Bank.

A history of the Bank's financial position for fiscal years ended 2001, 2000 and
1999 is as follows:

                                          2001           2000           1999
                                      ------------   ------------   ------------

Total Assets                          $223,724,423   $182,183,214   $143,863,554
Total Deposits                         193,537,598    162,798,006    123,360,686
Total Stockholders' Equity              14,998,719     11,916,668     10,236,521
Net Income                               2,181,765      1,585,150      1,427,273

Number of Issued and Outstanding
  Shares                                    50,000         50,000         50,000
Book Value Per Share                  $     299.97   $     238.33   $     204.73
Net Income Per Share                         43.64          31.70          28.55

Banking Facilities

The Bank's main office is located at 515 East Washington Street in Ashburn and
consists of a building of approximately 13,000 square feet of office and banking
space with an adjacent parking lot. A branch facility is located across the
street from the main office and consists of a single story building with
approximately 850 square feet and is operated with three drive-in windows.
During 1996, the Bank entered into a 5-year lease agreement with Winn-Dixie
Stores, Inc. to operate a retail banking facility at Winn Dixie's Lee County
location. This branch was closed during 2001 when a new full-service branch was
opened in the Lee County/Dougherty County area. The new facility located at 2609
Ledo Road is a 5,500 square foot facility with four drive-in windows and five
inside teller windows. The Bank has a second Lee County office which opened in
October 1998. This full-service facility, located within the city limits of
Leesburg, consists of a two-story brick building of approximately 5,000 square
feet and includes three drive-in lanes. A fourth branch office opened in
Cordele, Crisp County, Georgia on October 4, 1999. The new full-service branch
facility consists of approximately 5,500 square feet, with four drive-in lanes
and one automated teller machine. As a result of the purchase of Georgia First
Mortgage Company, the Bank has a mortgage lending office at 616 North Westover
Blvd., Albany, Dougherty County, Georgia. All occupied premises, with the
exception of the Albany location, are owned by the Bank.

                                        4

<PAGE>

Part I (Continued)
Item 1 (Continued)

Competition

The banking business is highly competitive. The Bank competes in Turner County
primarily with Community National Bank which operates out of one facility in
Ashburn, Georgia. The Bank competes with five other commercial banks in Crisp
County and four in Lee County. The Bank also competes with other financial
institutions, including credit unions and finance companies and, to a lesser
extent, with insurance companies and certain governmental agencies. The banking
industry is also experiencing increased competition for deposits from less
traditional sources such as money market and mutual funds.

Correspondents

Colony Bank Ashburn has correspondent relationships with the following banks:
The Bankers Bank in Atlanta, Georgia; SunTrust Bank, N.A. in Atlanta, Georgia;
Colony Bank of Fitzgerald in Fitzgerald, Georgia; AMSouth Bank of Alabama in
Birmingham, Alabama; and the Federal Home Loan Bank in Atlanta, Georgia. The
correspondent relationships facilitate the transactions of business by means of
loans, letters of credit, acceptances, collections, exchange services and data
processing. As compensation for these services, the Bank maintains balances with
its correspondents in noninterest-bearing accounts.

                               COLONY BANK WILCOX

History and Business of the Bank

The Bank was chartered on June 2, 1906 under the name "Pitts Banking Company."
The name of the Bank subsequently was changed to Community Bank of Wilcox on
June 1, 1991 and then to Colony Bank Wilcox in 2000. The Bank currently operates
under the Financial Institutions Code of Georgia. The Bank's deposits are
insured up to $100,000 per account by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.
The Bank conducts business at locations in Pitts and Rochelle in Wilcox County,
Georgia. The Bank's business consists of: (1) the acceptance of demand, savings
and time deposits; (2) the making of loans to consumers, business and other
institutions; (3) investment of excess funds and sale of federal funds, U.S.
Treasury obligations and state, county and municipal bonds; and (4) certain
other miscellaneous financial services usually handled for customers by
commercial banks. The Bank does little mortgage lending and it does not offer
trust services.

                                        5

<PAGE>

Part I (Continued)
Item 1 (Continued)

A history of the Bank's financial position for fiscal years ended 2001, 2000 and
1999 is as follows:

                                            2001         2000           1999
                                        -----------   -----------   -----------

Total Assets                            $41,212,118   $34,194,626   $29,583,143
Total Deposits                           36,433,023    29,707,328    25,452,369
Total Stockholders' Equity                3,082,714     2,827,859     2,494,864
Net Income                                  402,125       380,562       330,504

Number of Issued and Outstanding
  Shares                                        250           250           250
Book Value Per Share                    $ 12,330.86   $ 11,311.00   $  9,979.46
Net Income Per Share                       1,608.50      1,522.25      1,322.02

Banking Facilities

The Bank operates out of two locations at 105 South Eighth Street, Pitts,
Georgia and at Highway 280, Rochelle, Georgia, both of which are in Wilcox
County. The Pitts office consists of a building of approximately 2,200 square
feet of usable office and banking space which it owns. The facility contains one
drive-in window and three teller windows. The Rochelle office, which opened in
August 1989, consists of a building of approximately 5,000 square feet of usable
office and banking space, which is owned by the Company.

Competition

The banking business is highly competitive. The Bank competes in Wilcox County
primarily with four commercial banks. In addition, the Bank competes with other
financial institutions, including credit unions and finance companies and, to a
lesser extent, insurance companies and certain governmental agencies. The
banking industry is also experiencing increased competition for deposits from
less traditional sources such as money market and mutual funds.

Correspondents

The Bank has correspondent relationships with the following banks: The Bankers
Bank in Atlanta, Georgia; Federal Home Loan Bank, in Atlanta, Georgia; AMSouth
Bank of Alabama in Birmingham, Alabama; and SunTrust Bank, N.A., in Atlanta,
Georgia. The correspondent relationships facilitate the transactions of business
by means of loans, letters of credit, acceptances, collections, exchange
services and data processing. As compensation for these services, the Bank
maintains balances with its correspondents in noninterest-bearing accounts.

                                        6

<PAGE>

Part I (Continued)
Item 1 (Continued)

                           COLONY BANK OF DODGE COUNTY

History and Business of the Bank

The Bank was chartered on June 14, 1966 under the name "Bank of Chester." The
name of the Bank subsequently was changed to The Bank of Dodge County on April
15, 1983 and then to Colony Bank of Dodge County in 2000. The Bank currently
operates under the Financial Institutions Code of Georgia. The Bank's deposits
are insured up to $100,000 per account by the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation. The Bank's business consists of: (1) the acceptance of demand,
savings and time deposits; (2) the making of loans to consumers, business and
other institutions; (3) investment of excess funds in the sale of federal funds,
U.S. Treasury obligations and state, county and municipal bonds; and (4) certain
other miscellaneous financial services usually handled for customers by
commercial banks. The Bank does little mortgage lending and it does not offer
trust services.

A history of the Bank's financial position for fiscal years ended 2001, 2000 and
1999 is as follows:

                                            2001          2000          1999
                                        -----------   -----------   -----------

Total Assets                            $58,426,936   $50,553,863   $45,344,816
Total Deposits                           48,550,642    43,984,777    41,211,472
Total Stockholders' Equity                4,451,767     4,100,184     3,763,451
Net Income                                  419,059       452,381       531,394

Number of Issued and Outstanding
  Shares                                      1,750         1,750         1,750
Book Value Per Share                    $  2,543.87   $  2,343.00   $  2,150.54
Net Income Per Share                         239.46        258.50        303.65

Banking Facilities

The Bank's main office is located at 600 Oak Street in Eastman, Dodge County,
Georgia and consists of a building of approximately 11,000 square feet of office
and banking space with an adjacent parking lot and is operated with three
drive-in windows. The branch facility is located in Chester, Dodge County,
Georgia and consists of a building with approximately 2,700 square feet of
office and banking space and an adjacent parking lot. A second branch was opened
during 2000 in Soperton, Treutlen County, Georgia at 310 Main Street. The branch
has approximately 1,600 square feet of banking and office space with three
walk-up teller units and two drive-in windows. The Bank owns all of the premises
which it occupies.

Competition

The banking business is highly competitive. The Bank competes in the Dodge
County area with two other banks. In addition, the Bank competes with other
financial institutions, including credit unions and finance companies and, to a
lesser extent, insurance companies and certain governmental agencies. The
banking industry is also experiencing increased competition for deposits from
less traditional sources such as money market and mutual funds.

                                        7

<PAGE>

Part I (Continued)
Item 1 (Continued)

Correspondents

The Bank has correspondent relationships with the following banks: The Bankers
Bank in Atlanta, Georgia; The Federal Home Loan Bank in Atlanta, Georgia; and
SunTrust Bank, N.A., in Atlanta, Georgia. The correspondent relationships
facilitate the transactions of business by means of loans, letters of credit,
acceptances, collections, exchange services and data processing. As compensation
for these services, the Bank maintains balances with its correspondents in
noninterest-bearing accounts.

                                COLONY BANK WORTH

Colony Bank Worth operated as a savings and loan stock association until it was
acquired by the Company on July 31, 1991 at which time the association changed
its name to Bank of Worth (subsequently named Colony Bank Worth) and became a
state-chartered commercial bank. The Bank conducts business at its offices
located at 402 West Franklin Street, Sylvester, Worth County, Georgia, 605 West
Second Street, Tifton, Tift County, Georgia and 621 East By-Pass, NE, Moultrie,
Colquitt County, Georgia. The Bank's business consists of: (1) the acceptance of
demand, savings and time deposits; (2) the making of loans to consumers,
businesses and other institutions; (3) investment of excess funds and sale of
federal funds, U.S. Treasury obligations and state, county and municipal bonds;
and (4) certain other miscellaneous financial services usually handled for
customers by commercial banks. The Bank's deposits are insured up to $100,000
per account by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. The Bank's loan
portfolio is heavily concentrated in mortgage loans due to the fact that it was
previously a savings and loan. The Bank does not offer trust services. It acts
as an agent for Visa Card and MasterCard through The Bankers Bank.

A history of the Bank's financial position for fiscal years ended 2001, 2000 and
1999 is as follows:

                                            2001          2000          1999
                                        -----------   -----------   -----------
Total Assets                            $98,205,412   $75,374,448   $57,828,759
Total Deposits                           86,444,637    66,833,730    53,154,868
Total Stockholders' Equity                6,709,995     5,424,739     4,298,618
Net Income                                  250,297       501,784       500,710

Number of Issued and Outstanding
  Shares                                     95,790        95,790        95,790
Book Value Per Share                    $     70.05   $     56.63   $     44.88
Net Income Per Share                           2.61          5.24          5.23

Banking Facilities

The Bank's main office is housed in a building located in Sylvester, Georgia.
The building, which is owned by the Bank, consists of approximately 13,000
square feet, a drive-in window and an adjacent parking lot. On June 15, 1998,
the Bank opened a branch office at 605 West Second Street, Tifton, Georgia. The
office is a single story building of approximately 2,300 square feet with one
attached drive-in window. A second branch office opened in 2000 in Moultrie,
Colquitt County, Georgia. This branch building of approximately 5,000 square
feet includes three walk-up teller units and four drive-in windows.

                                        8

<PAGE>

Part I (Continued)
Item 1 (Continued)

Competition

The banking business in Worth County, Tift County and Colquitt County is highly
competitive. The Bank competes primarily with two other commercial banks
operating in Worth County, six other commercial banks in Tift County and six
other commercial banks in Colquitt County. Additionally, the Bank competes with
credit unions of employers located in the area and, to a lesser extent,
insurance companies and governmental agencies. The banking industry is also
experiencing increasing competition for deposits from less traditional sources
such as money market and mutual funds.

Correspondents

As of December 31, 2001 the Bank had correspondent relationships with five other
banks. The Bank's principal correspondent is The Bankers Bank located in
Atlanta, Georgia. These correspondent banks provide certain services to the Bank
such as investing its excess funds, processing checks and other items, buying
and selling federal funds, handling money fund transfers and exchanges, shipping
coins and currency, providing security and safekeeping of funds and other
valuable items, handling loan participations and furnishing management
investment advice on the Bank's securities portfolio.

                              COLONY BANK SOUTHEAST

History and Business of the Bank

Colony Bank Southeast, formerly Broxton State Bank, was chartered under the laws
of Georgia on August 4, 1966 and opened for business on September 1, 1966,
having absorbed "Citizens Bank," a private, unincorporated bank.

The Bank is a full-service bank offering a wide variety of banking services
targeted at all sectors of the Bank's primary market area. The Bank offers
customary types of demand, savings, time and individual retirement accounts;
installment, commercial and real estate loans; home mortgages and personal
lines-of-credit; Visa and Master Card services through its correspondent, The
Bankers Bank; safe deposit and night depository services; cashier's checks,
money orders, traveler's checks, wire transfers and various other services that
can be tailored to the customer's needs. The Bank does not offer trust services
at this time.

The Bank serves the residents of Coffee County, Georgia, which has a population
of approximately 32,000.

                                        9

<PAGE>

Part I (Continued)
Item 1 (Continued)

A history of the Bank's financial position for fiscal years ended 2001, 2000 and
1999 is as follows:

                                            2001          2000         1999
                                        -----------   -----------   -----------

Total Assets                            $72,831,898   $61,632,999   $46,012,865
Total Deposits                           62,097,131    53,591,006    39,249,813
Total Stockholders' Equity                5,133,758     4,569,285     3,434,884
Net Income                                  524,727       485,523       210,807

Number of Issued and Outstanding
  Shares                                     50,730        50,730        50,730
Book Value Per Share                    $    101.20   $     90.07   $     67.71
Net Income Per Share                          10.34          9.57          4.16

Banking Facilities

The Bank operates one banking office located at 401 North Alabama Street,
Broxton, Georgia which consists of approximately 5,000 square feet of space. The
building is equipped with four alarm-equipped vaults, one for safe-deposit boxes
and cash storage, one for night depository service and two for record storage.
The building has two drive-in systems, one commercial drawer and one pneumatic
tube system. Colony Bank Southeast opened a branch office in Douglas, Georgia on
July 6, 1998. The two-story brick building located at 625 West Ward Street
consists of approximately 8,300 square feet and provides four drive-in lanes for
customer convenience. A second Douglas office was opened on September 8, 1999
and consists of approximately 1,200 square feet with three drive-in lanes and
one automated teller machine. All occupied premises are owned by the Bank, with
the exception of the branch located at 1351 A SE Bowens Mill Road, Douglas,
Georgia.

Competition

The banking business in Coffee County is highly competitive. Colony Bank
Southeast competes with nine other banks and one credit union in Douglas,
Georgia. The banking industry is also experiencing increased competition for
deposits from less traditional sources such as money market and mutual funds.

Correspondents

The Bank has correspondent relationships with the following banks: Bank of
America, Atlanta, Georgia; SunTrust Bank, Atlanta, Georgia; The Bankers Bank,
Atlanta, Georgia; the Federal Home Loan Bank in Atlanta, Georgia and Columbus
Bank & Trust, Columbus, Georgia. The correspondent relationships facilitate the
transactions of business by means of loans, letters-of-credit, acceptances,
collections, exchange services and data processing. As compensation for these
services, the Bank maintains balances with its correspondents in
noninterest-bearing accounts.

                                       10

<PAGE>

Part I (Continued)
Item 1 (Continued)

                                    EMPLOYEES

As of December 31, 2001, Colony Bankcorp, Inc. and its subsidiaries employed 211
full-time employees and 25 part-time employees. Colony considers its
relationship with its employees to be excellent.

The subsidiary banks have noncontributory profit-sharing plans covering all
employees subject to certain minimum age and service requirements. All Banks
made contributions for all eligible employees in 2001. In addition, Colony
Bankcorp, Inc. and its subsidiaries maintain a comprehensive employee benefit
program providing, among other benefits, hospitalization, major medical
insurance and life insurance. Management considers these benefits to be
competitive with those offered by other financial institutions in south Georgia.
Colony's employees are not represented by any collective bargaining group.

                           SUPERVISION AND REGULATION

Bank holding companies and banks are regulated under both federal and state law.
The following is a brief summary of certain statutes and rules and regulations
affecting the Company, the Banks, and to a more limited extent, the Company's
subsidiaries.

This summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the particular statute
and regulatory provision referred to and is not intended to be an exhaustive
description of the statutes or regulations applicable to the business of the
Company and its subsidiaries. The scope of regulation and permissible activities
of the Company and its subsidiaries is subject to change by future federal and
state legislation. Supervision, regulation and examination of the Company and
the Banks by the bank regulatory agencies are intended primarily for the
protection of depositors rather than shareholders of the Company.

                            REGULATION OF THE COMPANY

Colony is a registered holding company under the Federal Bank Holding Company
Act and the Georgia Bank Holding Company Act and is regulated under such Act by
the Federal Reserve and by the Georgia Department of Banking and Finance (the
"Georgia Department"), respectively. As a bank holding company, the Company is
required to file annual reports with the Federal Reserve and the Georgia
Department and provide such additional information as the applicable regulator
may require pursuant to the Federal and Georgia Bank Holding Company Acts. The
Federal Reserve and the Georgia Department may also conduct examinations of the
Company to determine whether the Company is in compliance with Bank Holding
Company Acts and regulations promulgated thereunder.

In addition, the Federal Bank Holding Company Act requires every bank holding
company to obtain the prior approval of the Federal Reserve before: (1)
acquiring direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 5 percent of the
voting shares of any bank; (2) acquiring all or substantially all of the assets
of a bank; and (3) merging or consolidating with another bank holding company.

                                       11

<PAGE>

Part I (Continued)
Item 1 (Continued)

The Georgia Department requires similar approval prior to the acquisition of any
additional banks from every Georgia bank holding company. A Georgia bank holding
company is generally prohibited from acquiring ownership or control of 5 percent
or more of the voting shares of a bank unless the bank being acquired is either
a bank for purposes of the Federal Bank Holding Company Act, or a federal or
state savings and loan association or savings bank or federal savings bank whose
deposits are insured by the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation and
such bank has been in existence and continuously operating as a bank for a
period of five years or more prior to the date of application to the Department
for approval of such acquisition.

The Federal Reserve (pursuant to regulation and published statements) has
maintained that a bank holding company must serve as a source of financial
strength to its subsidiary banks. In adhering to the Federal Reserve policy, the
Company may be required to provide financial support to the Bank at a time when,
absent such Federal Reserve policy, the Company may not deem it advisable to
provide such assistance. Similarly, the Federal Reserve also monitors the
financial performance and prospects of nonbank subsidiaries with an inspection
process to ascertain whether such nonbanking subsidiaries enhance or detract
from the Company's ability to serve as a source of strength for the Banks.

                              CAPITAL REQUIREMENTS

The holding company is subject to regulatory capital requirements imposed by the
Federal Reserve applied on a consolidated basis with the bank owned by the
holding company. Bank holding companies must have capital (as defined in the
rules) equal to eight (8) percent of risk-weighted assets. The risk weights
assigned to assets are based primarily on credit risk. For example, securities
with an unconditional guarantee by the United States government are assigned the
least risk category. A risk weight of 50 percent is assigned to loans secured by
owner-occupied one-to-four family residential mortgages. The aggregate amount of
assets assigned to each risk category is multiplied by the risk weight assigned
to that category to determine the weighted values, which are added together to
determine total risk-weighted assets.

The Federal Reserve also requires the maintenance of minimum capital leverage
ratios to be used in tandem with the risk-based guidelines in assessing the
overall capital adequacy of bank holding companies. The guidelines define
capital as either Tier 1 (primarily shareholder equity) or Tier 2 (certain debt
instruments and a portion of the allowance for loan losses). Tier 1 capital for
banking organizations includes common equity, minority interest in the equity
accounts of consolidated subsidiaries, qualifying noncumulative perpetual
preferred stock and qualifying cumulative perpetual preferred stock. (Cumulative
perpetual preferred stock is limited to 25 percent of Tier 1 capital.) Tier 1
capital excludes goodwill; amounts of mortgage servicing assets, nonmortgage
servicing assets, and purchased credit card relationships that, in the
aggregate, exceed 100 percent of Tier 1 capital; nonmortgage servicing assets
and purchased credit card relationships that in the aggregate, exceed 25 percent
of Tier 1 capital; all other identifiable intangible assets; and deferred tax
assets that are dependent upon future taxable income, net of their valuation
allowance, in excess of certain limitations.

                                       12

<PAGE>

Part I (Continued)
Item 1 (Continued)

Effective June 30, 1998, the Board has established a minimum ratio of Tier 1
capital to total assets of 3.0 percent for strong bank holding companies (rated
composite "1" under the BOPEC rating system of bank holding companies), and for
bank holding companies that have implemented the Board's risk-based capital
measure for market risk. For all other bank holding companies, the minimum ratio
of Tier 1 capital to total assets is 4.0 percent. Banking organizations with
supervisory, financial, operational, or managerial weaknesses, as well as
organizations that are anticipating or experiencing significant growth, are
expected to maintain capital ratios well above the minimum levels. Higher
capital ratios may be required for any bank holding company if warranted by its
particular circumstances or risk profile. Bank holding companies are required to
hold capital commensurate with the level and nature of the risks, including the
volume and severity of problem loans, to which they are exposed.

At December 31, 2001, Colony exceeded the minimum Tier 1, risk-based and
leverage ratios. The table which follows sets forth certain capital information
for the Company as of December 31, 2001.

CAPITAL ADEQUACY
($ in Thousands)

                                           December 31, 2001
                                        ----------------------
                                           Amount      Percent
Leverage Ratio                          -----------    -------
  Actual                                $41,050,648     6.80%
  Minimum Required (1)                   24,147,440     4.00%

Risked-Based Capital:
Tier 1 Capital
  Actual                                 41,050,648     8.53%
  Minimum Required                       19,247,920     4.00%

Total Capital
  Actual                                 47,061,164     9.78%
  Minimum Required                       38,495,840     8.00%

(1)  Represents the minimum requirement. Institutions that are contemplating
     acquisitions or anticipating or experiencing significant growth may be
     required to maintain a substantially higher leverage ratio.

         THE RIEGLE-NEAL INTERSTATE BANKING AND BRANCHING EFFICIENCY ACT

Prior to the enactment of the Interstate Banking and Branching Efficiency Act of
1994 (the "Riegle-Neal Act"), interstate expansion of bank holding companies was
prohibited, unless such acquisition was specifically authorized by a statute of
the state in which the target bank was located. Pursuant to the Riegle-Neal Act,
effective September 29, 1995, an adequately capitalized and adequately managed
holding company may acquire a bank across state lines, without regard to whether
such acquisition is permissible under state law. A bank holding company is
considered to be "adequately capitalized" if it meets all applicable federal
regulatory capital standards.

                                       13

<PAGE>

Part I (Continued)
Item 1 (Continued)

While the Riegle-Neal Act precludes a state from entirely insulating its banks
from acquisition by an out-of-state holding company, a state may still provide
that a bank may not be acquired by an out-of-state company unless the bank has
been in existence for a specified number of years, not to exceed five years.
Additionally, the Federal Reserve is directed not to approve an application for
the acquisition of a bank across state lines if: (i) the applicant bank holding
company, including all affiliated insured depository institutions, controls or
after the acquisition would control, more than ten (10) percent of the total
amount of deposits of all insured depository institutions in the United States
(the "ten percent concentration limit") or (ii) the acquisition would result in
the holding company controlling thirty (30) percent or more of the total
deposits of insured depository institutions in any state in which the holding
company controlled a bank or branch immediately prior to the acquisition (the
"thirty percent concentration limit"). States may waive the thirty percent
concentration limit, or may make the limits more or less restrictive, so long as
they do not discriminate against out-of-state bank holding companies.

The Riegle-Neal Act also provides that, beginning on June 1, 1997, banks located
in different states may merge and operate the resulting institution as a bank
with interstate branches. However, a state may (i) prevent interstate branching
through mergers by passing a law prior to June 1, 1997 that expressly prohibits
mergers involving out-of-state banks, or (ii) permit such merger transactions
prior to June 1, 1997. Under the Riegle-Neal Act, an interstate merger
transaction may involve the acquisition of a branch of an insured bank without
the acquisition of the bank itself, but only if the law of the state in which
the branch is located permits this type of transaction.

Under the Riegle-Neal Act, a state may impose certain conditions on a branch of
an out-of-state bank resulting from an interstate merger so long as such
conditions do not have the effect of discriminating against out-of-state banks
or bank holding companies, other than on the basis of a requirement of
nationwide reciprocal treatment. The ten (10) percent concentration limit and
the thirty (30) percent concentration limit described above, as well as the
rights of the states to modify or waive the thirty (30) percent concentration
limit, apply to interstate bank mergers in the same manner as they apply to the
acquisition of out-of-state banks.

A bank resulting from an interstate merger transaction may retain and operate
any office that any bank involved in the transaction was operating immediately
before the transaction. After completion of the transaction, the resulting bank
may establish or acquire additional branches at any location where any bank
involved in the transaction could have established or acquired a branch. The
Riegle-Neal Act also provides that the appropriate federal banking agency may
approve an application by a bank to establish and operate an interstate branch
in any state that has in effect a law that expressly permits all out-of-state
banks to establish and operate such a branch.

In response to the Riegle-Neal Act, effective June 1, 1997, Georgia permitted
interstate branching, although only through merger and acquisition. In addition,
Georgia law provides that a bank may not be acquired by an out-of-state company
unless the bank has been in existence for five years. Georgia has also adopted
the thirty percent concentration limit, but permits state regulators to waive it
on a case-by-case basis.

                                       14

<PAGE>

Part I (Continued)
Item 1 (Continued)

                       THE GRAMM-LEACH-BLILEY ACT OF 1999

The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (the "GLB Act") dramatically increases the ability of
eligible banking organizations to affiliate with insurance, securities and other
financial firms and insured depository institutions. The GLB Act permits
eligible banking organizations to engage in activities and to affiliate with
nonbank firms engaged in activities that are financial in nature or incidental
to such financial activities and also includes some additional activities that
are complementary to such financial activities.

The definition of activities that are financial in nature is handled by the GLB
Act in two ways. First, there is a laundry list of activities that are
designated as financial in nature. Second, the authorization of new activities
as financial in nature or incidental to a financial activity requires a
consultative process between the Federal Reserve Board and the Secretary of the
Treasury with each having the authority to veto proposals of the other. The
Federal Reserve Board has the discretion to determine what activities are
complementary to financial activities.

The precise scope of the authority to engage in these new financial activities,
however, depends on the type of banking organization, whether it is a holding
company, a subsidiary of a national bank, or a national bank's direct conduct.
The GLB Act repealed two sections of the Glass-Stegall Act, Sections 20 and 32,
which restricted affiliations between securities firms and banks. The GLB Act
authorizes two types of banking organizations to engage in expanded securities
activities. The GLB Act authorizes a new type of bank holding company called a
financial holding company to have a subsidiary company that engages in
securities underwriting and dealing without limitation as to the types of
securities involved. The GLB Act also permits a national bank to control a
financial subsidiary that can engage in many of the expanded securities
activities permitted for financial holding companies. However, additional
restrictions apply to national bank financial subsidiaries.

Since the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, and it subsequent amendments,
federal law has limited the types of activities that are permitted for a bank
holding company, and it has also limited the types of companies that a bank
holding company can control. The GLB Act retains the bank holding company
regulatory framework, but adds a new provision that authorizes enlarged
authority for the new financial holding company form of organization to engage
in any activity of a financial nature or incidental thereto. A new Section 4(k)
of the Bank Holding Company Act provides that a financial holding company may
engage in any activity, and may acquire and retain shares of any company engaged
in any activity, that the Federal Reserve Board, in coordination with the
Secretary of the Treasury, determines by regulation or order to be financial in
nature or incidental to such financial activities, or is complementary to
financial activities.

The GLB Act also amends the Bank Holding Company Act to prescribe eligibility
criteria for financial holding companies, defines the scope of activities
permitted for bank holding companies that do not become financial holding
companies, and establishes consequences for financial holding companies that
cease to maintain the status needed to qualify as a financial holding company.

                                       15

<PAGE>

Part I (Continued)
Item 1 (Continued)

There are three special criteria to qualify for the enlarged activities and
affiliation. First, all the depository institutions in the bank holding company
organization must be well-capitalized. Second, all of the depository
institutions of the bank holding company must be well managed. Third, the bank
holding company must have filed a declaration of intent with the Federal Reserve
Board stating that it intends to exercise the expanded authority under the GLB
Act and certify to the Federal Reserve Board that the bank holding company's
depository institutions meet the well-capitalized and well-managed criteria. The
GLB Act also requires the bank to achieve a rating of satisfactory or better in
meeting community credit needs at the most recent examination of such
institution under the Community Reinvestment Act.

Once a bank holding company has filed a declaration of its intent to be a
financial holding company, as long as there is no action by the Federal Reserve
Board giving notice that it is not eligible, the company may proceed to engage
in the activities and enter into the affiliations under the large authority
conferred by the GLB Act's amendments to the Bank Holding Company Act. The
holding company does not need prior approval from the Federal Reserve Board to
engage in activities that the GLB Act identifies as financial in nature or that
the Federal Reserve Board has determined to be financial in nature or incidental
thereto by order or regulation.

The GLB Act retains the basic structure of the Bank Holding Company Act. Thus, a
bank holding company that is not eligible for the expanded powers of a financial
holding company is now subject to the amended Section 4(c)(8) of the Bank
Holding Company Act which freezes the activities that are authorized and defined
as closely related to banking activities. Under this Section a bank holding
company is not eligible for the expanded activities permitted under new Section
4(k) and is limited to those specific activities previously approved by the
Federal Reserve Board.

The GLB Act also addresses the consequences when a financial holding company
that has exercised the expanded authority fails to maintain its eligibility to
be a financial holding company. The Federal Reserve Board may impose such
limitations on the conduct or activities of a noncompliant financial holding
company or any affiliate of that company as the Board determines to be
appropriate under the circumstances and consistent with the purpose of the Act.

The GLB Act is essentially a dramatic liberalization of the restrictions placed
on banks, especially bank holding companies, regarding the areas of financial
businesses in which they are allowed to compete.

                             REGULATION OF THE BANKS

As state-chartered banks, the Banks are examined and regulated by the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation ("FDIC") and the Georgia Department.

The major functions of the FDIC with respect to insured banks include paying
depositors to the extent provided by law in the event an insured bank is closed
without adequately providing for payment of the claim of depositors, acting as a
receiver of state banks placed in receivership when so appointed by state
authorities, and preventing the continuance or development of unsound and unsafe
banking practices. In addition, the FDIC also approves conversions, mergers,
consolidations, and assumption of deposit liability transactions between insured
banks and noninsured banks or institutions to prevent capital or surplus
diminution in such transactions where the resulting, continued or assumed bank
is an insured nonmember state bank.

                                       16

<PAGE>

Part I (Continued)
Item 1 (Continued)

Subsidiary banks of a bank holding company are subject to certain restrictions
imposed by the Federal Bank Holding Company Act on any extension of credit to
the bank holding company or any of its subsidiaries, on investment in the stock
or other securities thereof and on the taking of such stock or securities as
collateral for loans to any borrower. In addition, a bank holding company and
its subsidiaries are prohibited from engaging in certain tie-in-arrangements in
connection with any extension of credit or provision of any property or
services.

The Georgia Department regulates all areas of the banks' banking operations,
including mergers, establishment of branches, loans, interest rates and
reserves. The Bank must have the approval of the Commissioner to pay cash
dividends, unless at the time of such payment:

     (i)  the total classified assets at the most recent examination of such
          banks do not exceed 80 percent of Tier 1 capital plus Allowance for
          Loan Losses as reflected at such examination;

     (ii) the aggregate amount of dividends declared or anticipated to be
          declared in the calendar year does not exceed 50 percent of the net
          profits, after taxes but before dividends, for the previous calendar
          year; and

     (iii) the ratio of Tier 1 Capital to Adjusted Total Assets shall not be
          less than six (6) percent.

The Banks are also subject to state of Georgia banking and usury laws
restricting the amount of interest which it may charge in making loans or other
extensions of credit.

              EXPANSION THROUGH BRANCHING, MERGER OR CONSOLIDATION

With respect to expansion, the Banks were previously prohibited from
establishing branch offices or facilities outside of the county in which their
main office was located, except:

     (1)  in adjacent counties in certain situations, or

     (2)  by means of merger or consolidation with a bank which has been in
          existence for at least five years.

In addition, in the case of a merger or consolidation, the acquiring bank must
have been in existence for at least 24 months prior to the merger. However,
effective July 1, 1996, Georgia permits the subsidiary bank(s) of any bank
holding company then engaged in the banking business in the state of Georgia to
establish, de novo, upon receipt of required regulatory approval, an aggregate
of up to three additional branch banks in any county within the state of
Georgia. Effective July 1, 1998, this same Georgia law permits, with required
regulatory approval, the establishment of de novo branches in an unlimited
number of counties within the state of Georgia by the subsidiary bank(s) of bank
holding companies then engaged in the banking business in the state of Georgia.
This law may result in increased competition in the Banks' market area.

                                       17

<PAGE>

Part I (Continued)
Item 1 (Continued)

                              CAPITAL REQUIREMENTS

The FDIC adopted risk-based capital guidelines that went into effect on December
31, 1990 for all FDIC insured state chartered banks that are not members of the
Federal Reserve System. Beginning December 31, 1992, all banks were required to
maintain a minimum ratio of total capital to risk weighted assets of eight (8)
percent of which at least four (4) percent must consist of Tier 1 capital. Tier
1 capital of state chartered banks (as defined by the regulation) generally
consists of: (i) common stockholders' equity; (ii) qualifying noncumulative
perpetual preferred stock and related surplus; and (iii) minority interests in
the equity accounts of consolidated subsidiaries. In addition, the FDIC adopted
a minimum ratio of Tier 1 capital to total assets of banks, referred to as the
leverage capital ratio of three (3) percent if the FDIC determines that the
institution is not anticipating or experiencing significant growth and has
well-diversified risk, including no undue interest rate exposure, excellent
asset quality, high liquidity, good earnings and, in general, is considered a
strong banking organization, rated Composite "1" under the Uniform Financial
Institutions Rating System (the CAMEL rating system) established by the Federal
Financial Institutions Examination Council. All other financial institutions are
required to maintain a leverage ratio of four (4) percent.

Effective October 1, 1998, the FDIC amended its risk-based and leverage capital
rules as follows: (1) all servicing assets and purchase credit card
relationships ("PCCRs") that are included in capital are each subject to a
ninety (90) percent of fair value limitation (also known as a "ten (10) percent
haircut"); (2) the aggregate amount of all servicing assets and PCCRs included
in capital cannot exceed 100 percent of Tier I capital; (3) the aggregate amount
of nonmortgage servicing assets ("NMSAs") and PCCRS included in capital cannot
exceed 25 percent of Tier 1 capital; and (4) all other intangible assets (other
than qualifying PCCRS) must be deducted from Tier 1 capital.

Amounts of servicing assets and PCCRs in excess of the amounts allowable must be
deducted in determining Tier 1 capital. Interest-only strips receivable, whether
or not in security form, are not subject to any regulatory capital limitation
under the amended rule.

                           FDIC INSURANCE ASSESSMENTS

The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991 ("FDICIA"),
enacted in December, 1991, provided for a number of reforms relating to the
safety and soundness of the deposit insurance system, supervision of domestic
and foreign depository institutions and improvement of accounting standards. One
aspect of the Act is the requirement that banks will have to meet certain safety
and soundness standards. In order to comply with the Act, the Federal Reserve
and the FDIC implemented regulations defining operational and managerial
standards relating to internal controls, loan documentation, credit
underwriting, interest rate exposure, asset growth, director and officer
compensation, fees and benefits, asset quality, earnings and stock valuation.

The regulations provide for a risk-based premium system which requires higher
assessment rates for banks which the FDIC determines pose greater risks to the
Bank Insurance Fund ("BIF"). Under the regulations, banks pay an assessment
depending upon risk classification.

                                       18

<PAGE>

Part I (Continued)
Item 1 (Continued)

To arrive at risk-based assessments, the FDIC places each bank in one of nine
risk categories using a two-step process based on capital ratios and on other
relevant information. Each bank is assigned to one of three groups: (i) well
capitalized, (ii) adequately capitalized, or (iii) under capitalized, based on
its capital ratios. The FDIC also assigned each bank to one of three subgroups
based upon an evaluation of the risk posed by the bank. The three subgroups
include (i) banks that are financially sound with only a few minor weaknesses,
(ii) banks with weaknesses which, if not corrected, could result in significant
deterioration of the bank and increased risk to the BIF, and (iii) those banks
that pose a substantial probability of loss to the BIF unless corrective action
is taken. FDICIA imposes progressively more restrictive constraints on
operations management and capital distributions depending on the category in
which an institution is classified.

Under FDICIA, insurance of deposits may be terminated by the FDIC upon a finding
that the institution has engaged in unsafe and unsound practices, is in an
unsafe or unsound condition to continue operations, or has violated any
applicable law, regulation, rule, order or condition imposed by the FDIC.

                           COMMUNITY REINVESTMENT ACT

The Company and the Banks are subject to the provisions of the Community
Reinvestment Act of 1977, as amended (the "CRA") and the federal banking
agencies' regulations issued thereunder. Under the CRA, all banks and thrifts
have a continuing and affirmative obligation, consistent with its safe and sound
operation to help meet the credit needs for their entire communities, including
low- and moderate-income neighborhoods. The CRA does not establish specific
lending requirements or programs for financial institutions, nor does it limit
an institution's discretion to develop the types of products and services that
it believes are best suited to its particular community, consistent with the
CRA.

The CRA requires a depository institution's primary federal regulator, in
connection with its examination of the institution, to assess the institution's
record of assessing and meeting the credit needs of the community served by that
institution, including low- and moderate-income neighborhoods. The regulatory
agency's assessment of the institution's record is made available to the public.
In the case of a bank holding company applying for approval to acquire a bank or
other bank holding company, the Federal Reserve will assess the records of each
subsidiary depository institution of the applicant bank holding company, and
such records may be the basis for denying the application.

The evaluation system used to judge an institution's CRA performance consists of
three tests: (1) a lending test; (2) an investment test; and (3) a service test.
Each of these tests will be applied by the institution's primary federal
regulator taking into account such factors as: (i) demographic data about the
community; (ii) the institution's capacity and constraints; (iii) the
institution's product offerings and business strategy; and (iv) data on the
prior performance of the institution and similarly-situated lenders.

In addition, a financial institution will have the option of having its CRA
performance evaluated based on a strategic plan of up to five years in length
that it had developed in cooperation with local community groups. In order to be
rated under a strategic plan, the institution will be required to obtain the
prior approval of its federal regulator.

                                       19

<PAGE>

Part I (Continued)
Item 1 (Continued)

The interagency CRA regulations provide that an institution evaluated under a
given test will receive one of five ratings for the test: (1) outstanding; (2)
high satisfactory; (3) low satisfactory; (4) needs to improve; and (5)
substantial noncompliance. An institution will receive a certain number of
points for its rating on each test, and the points are combined to produce an
overall composite rating. Evidence of discriminatory or other illegal credit
practices would adversely affect an institution's overall rating. Each of
Colony's subsidiary banks received a "high satisfactory" CRA rating as a result
of their last CRA examination.

                              PROPOSED LEGISLATION

Legislation is regularly considered and adopted by both the United States
Congress and the Georgia General Assembly. Such legislation could result in
regulatory changes and changes in competitive relationships for banks and bank
holding companies. The effect of such legislation on the business of the Company
and the Banks cannot be predicted.

                                 MONETARY POLICY

The results of operations of the Company and the Banks are affected by credit
policies of monetary authorities, particularly the Federal Reserve. The
instruments of monetary policy employed by the Federal Reserve include open
market operations in U.S. Government securities, changes in the discount rate on
member bank borrowings, changes in reserve requirements against member bank
deposits and limitations on interest rates which member banks may pay on time
and savings deposits. In view of the changing conditions in the foreign and
national economy, as well as the effect of policies and actions taken by
monetary and fiscal authorities, including the Federal Reserve, no prediction
can be made as to possible future changes in interest rates, deposit levels,
loan demand or the business and earnings of the Company.

Item 2
DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY

The principal properties of the Registrant consist of the properties of the
Banks. For a description of the properties of the Banks, see "Item 1 - Business
of the Company and Subsidiary Banks" included elsewhere in this Annual Report.

Item 3
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

Incorporated herein by reference to page 11 of the Company's Definitive Proxy
Statement for Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be Held April 23, 2002, filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 11, 2002 (File No.
-000-12436).

Item 4
SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF STOCKHOLDERS

No matters were submitted to a vote of the Registrant's stockholders during the
fourth quarter of 2001.

                                       20

<PAGE>

Part II
Item 5
MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT'S COMMON STOCK AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

Effective April 2, 1998, Colony Bankcorp, Inc. common stock is quoted on the
NASDAQ National Market under the symbol "CBAN." Prior to this date, there was no
public market for the common stock of the registrant.

The following table sets forth the high, low and close sale prices per share of
the common stock as reported on the NASDAQ National Market, and the dividends
declared per share for the periods indicated.

                                                          Dividend
Year Ended December 31, 2001    High     Low     Close    Per Share
----------------------------   ------   ------   ------   ---------

Fourth Quarter                 $13.40   $10.94   $13.40     $0.060
Third Quarter                   12.50     9.51    10.94      0.060
Second Quarter                  12.75    10.55    11.50      0.060
First Quarter                   13.00    10.00    11.50      0.060

Year Ended December 31, 2000
----------------------------

Fourth Quarter                  11.75     9.38    10.00      0.040
Third Quarter                   11.63     9.50    10.00      0.035
Second Quarter                  12.50     7.94    12.00      0.030
First Quarter                   14.50    10.50    11.96      0.030

On February 18, 1997, the Company's Board of Directors approved a 50 percent
stock split effected in the form of a stock dividend payable to shareholders of
record on July 1, 1997. On February 16, 1999, a 100 percent stock split effected
in the form of a stock dividend payable to shareholders of record on March 31,
1999 was approved by the Board. All share and per share information in this
report has been restated to give retroactive effect to these splits. The
Registrant paid cash dividends on its common stock of $1,054,636 or $0.240 per
share and $843,653 or $0.190 per share in 2001 and 2000, respectively. The
Company's Board of Directors approved a reduction in the par value of common
stock on February 16, 1999. Par value was reduced from $10 to $1 per share.

As of December 31, 2001, the Company had approximately 1,115 shareholders of
record.

                                       21

<PAGE>

Part II (Continued)
Item 6

SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                 Year Ended December 31,
                                                    ----------------------------------------------------
                                                      2001       2000       1999       1998       1997
                                                    ----------------------------------------------------
                                                       (Dollars in Thousands, except per share data)
<S>                                                 <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>
Selected Balance Sheet Data:
  Total Assets                                      $621,575   $519,903   $435,272   $381,348   $342,947
  Total Loans                                        456,052    388,003    315,435    252,864    234,288
  Total Deposits                                     528,017    450,012    374,450    330,746    298,162
  Investment Securities                               79,647     70,515     62,819     71,798     56,915
  Stockholders' Equity                                41,971     40,210     35,011     33,096     28,821
Selected Income Statement Data:
  Interest Income                                     45,884     41,758     33,260     30,653     28,777
  Interest Expense                                    25,740     22,265     17,114     15,521     13,992
                                                    --------   --------   --------   --------   --------
    Net Interest Income                               20,144     19,493     16,146     15,132     14,785
  Provision for Loan Losses                            1,854      2,280      1,166      1,157      1,489
  Other Income                                         4,527      3,491      3,119      2,659      2,528
  Other Expense                                       15,507     14,004     12,017     11,090     10,601
                                                    --------   --------   --------   --------   --------
  Income Before Tax                                    7,310      6,700      6,082      5,544      5,223
  Income Tax Expense                                   2,444      2,187      1,902      1,692      1,605
                                                    --------   --------   --------   --------   --------
    Net Income                                      $  4,866   $  4,513   $  4,180   $  3,852   $  3,618
                                                    ========   ========   ========   ========   ========

Per Share Data: (a)
  Net Income (Diluted)                              $   1.10   $   1.02   $   0.94   $   0.87   $   0.83
  Book Value                                            9.90       9.06       7.89       7.48       6.63
  Tangible Book Value                                   9.79       8.96       7.85       7.43       6.58
  Dividends                                             0.24       0.19       .140       .115       .100
Profitability Ratios:
  Net Income to Average Assets                          0.86%      0.95%      1.03%      1.09%      1.11%
  Net Income to Average Stockholders' Equity           11.40%     12.12%     12.22%     12.22%     13.21%
  Net Interest Margin                                   3.84%      4.38%      4.33%      4.66%      4.87%
Loan Quality Ratios:
  Net Charge-Offs to Total Loans                        0.30%      0.34%      0.38%      0.40%      0.58%
  Reserve for Loan Losses to Total Loans and OREO       1.35%      1.46%      1.48%      1.86%      1.94%
  Nonperforming Assets to Total Loans and OREO          1.95%      1.53%      1.82%      2.50%      2.51%
  Reserve for Loan Losses to Nonperforming Loans       69.10%     95.35%     81.27%     74.55%     77.23%
  Reserve for Loan Losses to Total Nonperforming
    Assets                                             58.84%     90.06%     70.47%     65.21%     63.23%
Liquidity Ratios:
  Loans to Total Deposits                              86.37%     86.22%     84.24%     76.45%     78.58%
  Loans to Average Earning Assets                      85.92%     86.48%     83.37%     78.17%     77.16%
  Noninterest-Bearing Deposits to Total Deposits        7.15%      8.59%      9.01%      8.83%      9.16%
Capital Adequacy Ratios:
  Common Stockholders' Equity to Total Assets           6.75%      7.73%      8.04%      8.68%      8.40%
  Total Stockholders' Equity to Total Assets            6.75%      7.73%      8.04%      8.68%      8.40%
  Dividend Payout Ratio                                21.68%     18.70%     14.86%     13.24%     12.02%
</TABLE>

(a)  Per share data for all periods has been retroactively restated for a 50
     percent stock split on July 1, 1997 and a 100 percent stock split on March
     1, 1999. All stock splits were effected in the form of dividends.

                                       22

<PAGE>

PART II (Continued)
Item 7

                     MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF

                  FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

Liquidity and Capital Resources

Liquidity represents the ability to provide adequate sources of funds for
funding loan commitments and investment activities, as well as the ability to
provide sufficient funds to cover deposit withdrawals, payment of debt and
financing of operations. Converting assets to cash for these funds is primarily
with proceeds from collections on loans and maturities of investment securities
or by attracting and obtaining new deposits. During 2001, the Company was
successful in meeting its liquidity needs by increasing deposits 17.33 percent
to $528,017,000 from deposits of $450,012,000 on December 31, 2000 and by
increasing other borrowed money 88.07 percent to $47,180,000 from $25,086,000 on
December 31, 2000. Should the need arise; the Company also maintains
relationships with the Federal Home Loan Bank and several correspondent banks
that can provide funds on short notice.

Liquidity is monitored on a regular basis by management. The Company's liquidity
position remained satisfactory in 2001. Average liquid assets (cash and amounts
due from banks, interest-bearing deposits in other banks, funds due and
securities) represented 23.18 percent of average deposits in 2001 as compared to
25.22 percent of average deposits in 2000. Average loans represented 89.80
percent of average deposits in 2001 as compared to 87.97 percent in 2000.
Average interest-bearing deposits were 83.12 percent of average earning assets
in 2001 as compared to 82.96 percent in 2000.

The Company satisfies most of its capital requirements through retained
earnings. During 2001, retained earnings provided $3,812,000 increase in equity.
Additionally, equity had an increase of $570,000 resulting from the change
during the year in unrealized gains on securities available for sale, net of
taxes, an increase of $41,000 resulting from the stock grant plan and a decrease
of $2,662,000 resulting from treasury shares acquired through the Company's
stock repurchase plan. Thus, total equity increased by a net amount of
$1,761,000. In 2000, retained earnings provided $3,669,000 of increase in
equity. Additionally, equity had an increase of $1,506,000 resulting from the
change during the year in unrealized gains on securities available for sale, net
of taxes and an increase of $24,000 resulting from the stock grant plan. Thus,
total equity increased by a net amount of $5,199,000 in 2000.

As of December 31, 2001, the Company's capital totaled approximately $41,971,000
and the only outstanding commitment for capital expenditures was by a subsidiary
bank for construction of a branch facility in Warner Robins/Houston County,
Georgia. Total cost of the facility will be approximately $1,200,000 with
approximately $168,000 paid as of December 31, 2001 for construction completed.

The Federal Reserve Board and the FDIC have issued risk-based capital guidelines
for U. S. banking organizations. The objective of these efforts was to provide a
more uniform framework that is sensitive to differences in risk assets among
banking organizations. The guidelines define a two-tier capital framework. Tier
1 capital consists of common stock and qualifying preferred stockholders' equity
less goodwill. Tier 2 capital consists of certain convertible, subordinated and
other qualifying term debt and the allowance for loan losses up to 1.25 percent
of risk-weighted assets. The Company has no Tier 2 capital other than the
allowance for loan losses.

                                       23

<PAGE>

PART II (Continued)
Item 7 (Continued)

Liquidity and Capital Resources (Continued)

Using the capital requirements presently in effect, the Tier 1 ratio as of
December 31, 2001 was 8.53 percent and total Tier 1 and 2 risk-based capital was
9.78 percent. Both of these measures compare favorably with the regulatory
minimum of 4 percent for Tier 1 and 8 percent for total risk-based capital. The
Company's Tier 1 leverage ratio was 6.80 percent as of December 31, 2001 which
exceeds the required ratio standard of 4 percent.

For 2001, average capital was $42,697,000 representing 7.57 percent of average
assets for the year. This percentage is down from the 2000 level of 7.81
percent.

In 2001, the Company paid annual dividends of $0.24 per share compared to $0.19
per share in 2000. The dividend payout ratio, defined as dividends per share
divided by net income per share, was 21.82 percent in 2001 as compared to 18.63
percent in 2000.

As of December 31, 2001, management was not aware of any recommendations by
regulatory authorities which if they were to be implemented, would have a
material effect on the Company's liquidity, capital resources or results of
operations. However, it is possible that examinations by regulatory authorities
in the future could precipitate additional loss charge-offs that could
materially impact the Company's liquidity, capital resources and results of
operations.

Results of Operations

The Company's results of operations are determined by its ability to effectively
manage interest income and expense, to minimize loan and investment losses, to
generate noninterest income and to control noninterest expense. Since market
forces and economic conditions beyond the control of the Company determine
interest rates, the ability to generate net interest income is dependent upon
the Company's ability to obtain an adequate spread between the rate earned on
earning assets and the rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities. Thus, the key
performance for net interest income is the interest margin or net yield, which
is taxable-equivalent net interest income divided by average earning assets.

Net Income

Net income for the year ended December 31, 2001 increased to $4,866,000 from the
2000 net income of $4,513,000, representing an increase of $353,000, or 7.82
percent. This increase is the result of an increase in net interest income of
$651,000, a decrease in the provision for loan losses of $426,000, an increase
of $1,036,000 in noninterest income that includes securities gains of $387,000
in 2001. These were offset by an increase in noninterest expense of $1,502,000
and an increase in income tax expense of $257,000. The earnings increase of 7.82
percent was achieved while the Company continued its denovo branch expansion
program and experienced a decrease in its net interest margin due to interest
rates being lowered by U.S. Federal Reserve an unprecedented 475 basis points
during 2001. The securities gains were taken to take advantage of interest rates
that were near cyclical lows, thereby allowing the Company to position a portion
of its portfolio to take advantage of securities investments when interest rates
begin to increase. Operating income, which excludes the gain or loss on sale of
securities, net of taxes, for calendar year 2001 was $4,611,000 or $1.04 per
share as compared to $4,839,000 or $1.09 per share for calendar year 2000. On a
fully diluted share basis, net income increased to $1.10 per share from the 2000
per share amount of $1.02, an $0.08 increase or 7.8 percent.

                                       24

<PAGE>

PART II (Continued)
Item 7 (Continued)

Net Income (Continued)

Net income for the year ended December 31, 2000 increased to $4,513,000 from the
1999 net income of $4,180,000, representing an increase of $333,000, or 7.97
percent. This increase is the result of an increase in net interest income of
$3,347,000 and an increase of $372,000 in noninterest income. These were offset
by an increase in provision for loan losses of $1,114,000, an increase in
noninterest expense, excluding securities losses, of $1,495,000, an increase in
securities losses of $492,000 and an increase in income tax expenses of
$285,000. The earnings increase of 7.97 percent was achieved while Company
management effected an $18,000,000 bond swap transaction during 2000 that
resulted in a loss on the sale of securities of $494,000 pretax ($326,000 after
tax). The bond swap allowed Colony to reduce cash flow variability present in
the existing portfolio, take advantage of interest rates that were near cyclical
highs and extend the duration of the investment portfolio, thereby earning the
higher yields available for an extended period of time into the future.
Operating income, which excludes the gain or loss on sale of securities, net of
taxes, for calendar year 2000 was $4,839,000 or $1.09 per share as compared to
$4,181,000 or $0.94 per share for calendar year 1999. On a fully diluted basis,
net income increased to $1.02 per share from the 1999 per share amount of $0.94,
an $0.08 increase or 8.51 percent.

Net Interest Margin

The Company's net interest margin decreased by 55 basis points to 3.84 percent
in 2001 as compared to 4.39 percent in 2000. The net interest margin compression
was primarily attributable to U. S. Federal Reserve lowering interest rates an
unprecedented 475 basis points during 2001. Net interest income increased 3.34
percent to $20,144,000 in 2001 from $19,493,000 in 2000 on an increase in
average earning assets to $530,787,000 in 2001 from $448,657,000 in 2000.
Average loans increased by $72,361,000 or 20.22 percent, average funds sold
increased by $68,000 or 0.40 percent, average investment securities increased by
$11,533,000 or 15.16 percent, average interest-bearing deposits in other banks
decreased by $2,181,000 or 25.73 percent and average interest-bearing other
assets increased $349,000 or 100.00 percent resulting in a net increase in
average earning assets of $82,130,000 or 18.31 percent.

The net increase in average assets was funded by a net increase in average
deposits of 17.76 percent to $479,133,000 in 2001 from $406,864,000 in 2000 and
a net increase in average debt and funds purchased of 31.48 percent to
$38,239,000 in 2001 from $29,084,000 in 2000. Average interest-bearing deposits
increased by 18.58 percent to $441,389,000 in 2001 from $372,214,000 in 2000
while average noninterest-bearing deposits increased 8.93 percent to $37,744,000
in 2001 from $34,650,000 in 2000. Average noninterest-bearing deposits
represented 7.88 percent of average total deposits in 2001 as compared to 8.52
in 2000.

The net interest margin increased to 4.39 percent in 2000 as compared to 4.33
percent in 1999. Net interest income increased by 20.22 percent to $19,676,000
in 2000 from $16,366,000 in 1999 on an increase in average earning assets to
$448,657,000 in 2000 from $378,288,000 in 1999. Average loans increased by
$69,022,000 or 23.89 percent, average funds sold increased by $5,124,000 or
42.56 percent, average investment securities decreased by $3,083,000 or 4.52
percent and average interest-bearing deposits in other banks decreased by
$694,000 or 7.57 percent, resulting in a net increase in average earning assets
of $70,369,000 or 18.60 percent.

                                       25

<PAGE>

PART II (Continued)
Item 7 (Continued)

Net Interest Margin (Continued)

The net increase in average assets was funded by a net increase in average
deposits of 15.98 percent to $406,864,000 in 2000 from $350,794,000 in 1999 and
a net increase in average debt and funds purchased of 55.51 percent to
$29,084,000 in 2000 from $18,702,000 in 1999. Average interest-bearing deposits
increased by 16.33 percent to $372,214,000 in 2000 from $319,967,000 in 1999
while average noninterest-bearing deposits increased 12.40 percent to
$34,650,000 in 2000 from $30,827,000 in 1999. Average noninterest-bearing
deposits represented 8.52 percent of average total deposits in 2000 as compared
to 8.79 percent in 1999.

Provision for Loan Losses

The allowance for loan losses represents a reserve for potential losses in the
loan portfolio. The adequacy of the allowance for loan losses is evaluated
periodically based on a review of all significant loans, with a particular
emphasis on nonaccruing, past due and other loans that management believes
require attention.

The provision for loan losses is a charge to earnings in the current period to
replenish the allowance for loan losses and maintain it at a level management
has determined to be adequate. The provision for loan losses was $1,854,000 in
2001 as compared to $2,280,000 in 2000 representing a decrease of $426,000 or
18.68 percent. Net loan charge-offs represented 73.14 percent of the provision
for loan losses in 2001 as compared to 57.06 percent in 2000. Net loan
charge-offs for 2001 represented 0.32 percent of average loans outstanding as
compared to 0.36 percent in 2000. The leveling off of loan charge-offs in 2001
and 2000 resulted from management's effort the past several years to improve
credit quality and to eliminate weak and marginal credits. As of December 31,
2001, the allowance for loan losses was 1.34 percent of total loans outstanding
as compared to an allowance for loan losses of 1.45 percent of total loans
outstanding as of December 31, 2000. The loan loss reserve of 1.34 percent of
total loans outstanding provided coverage of 69.10 percent of nonperforming
loans and 58.84 percent of nonperforming assets as of December 31, 2001 compared
to 95.35 percent and 90.06 percent, respectively, as of December 31, 2000. The
determination of the reserve rests upon management's judgment about factors
affecting loan quality and assumptions about the economy. Management considers
the December 31, 2001 allowance for loan losses adequate to cover potential
losses in the loan portfolio.

The provision for loan losses was $2,280,000 in 2000 as compared to $1,166,000
in 1999 representing an increase in the provision of $1,114,000 or 95.54
percent. Net loan charge-offs represented 57.06 percent of the provision for
loan losses in 2000 as compared to 103.78 percent in 1999. Net loan charge-offs
for 2000 represented 0.36 percent of average loans outstanding as compared to
0.42 percent in 1999. The leveling off of loan charge-offs for 2000 and 1999
resulted from management's efforts the past several years to improve credit
quality and to eliminate weak and marginal credits. As of December 31, 2000, the
allowance for loan losses was 1.45 percent of total loans outstanding as
compared to an allowance for loan losses of 1.48 percent of total loans
outstanding as of December 31, 1999. The loan loss reserve of 1.45 percent of
total loans outstanding provided coverage of 95.35 percent of nonperforming
loans and 90.06 percent of nonperforming assets as of December 31, 2000 compared
to 81.72 percent and 70.81 percent, respectively, as of December 31, 1999.

                                       26

<PAGE>

PART II (Continued)
Item 7 (Continued)

Noninterest Income

Noninterest income consists primarily of service charges on deposit accounts.
Service charges on deposit accounts totaled $2,916,000 in 2001 as compared to
$2,567,000 in 2000 or an increase of 13.60 percent. This increase is
attributable to the increase in noninterest-bearing and interest-bearing deposit
accounts. All other noninterest income, excluding gain on sale of securities,
increased to $1,224,000 in 2001 from $925,000 in 2000, or an increase of 32.32
percent. Most of the increase is attributable to additional fee income generated
by the mortgage company. The Company realized $387,000 in gains from the sale of
securities compared to no gain in 2000. The gain from the sale of securities
allowed the Company to take advantage of interest rates near their cyclical lows
that will allow the Company to take advantage of securities investments when
interest rates begin to increase.

Noninterest income consists of service charges on deposit accounts. Service
charges on deposit accounts totaled $2,567,000 in 2000 as compared to $2,270,000
in 1999 or an increase of 13.08 percent. This increase is attributable to the
increase in noninterest-bearing and interest-bearing demand deposits. All other
noninterest income increased to $925,000 in 2000 from $850,000 in 1999, or an
8.82 percent increase. Approximately $208,000 of the increase is attributable to
the other fee income generated by the mortgage company that partially offset
$95,000 received in 1999 on a nonrecurring recovery on previously written-off
municipal bonds.

Noninterest Expense

Noninterest expense increased by 10.72 percent to $15,507,000 in 2001 from
$14,005,000 in 1999. Salaries and employee benefits increased 14.52 percent to
$8,547,000 in 2001 from $7,463,000 in 2000 primarily due to increased staffing
with two new branches opened in 2001. Occupancy and equipment expense increased
by 15.06 percent to $2,620,000 in 2001 from $2,277,000 in 2000 primarily due to
additional depreciation and occupancy expense with the new offices opened during
2001. All other noninterest expense increased 1.78 percent to $4,340,000 in 2001
from $4,264,000 a year ago. This increase is somewhat skewed as 2000 noninterest
expense included $494,000 in security losses in 2000 compared to zero security
losses in 2001. Excluding the securities losses, the increase in other
noninterest expense was 15.12 percent in 2001 as compared to 2000. Other
increases in noninterest expense are primarily attributable to expenses incurred
in opening two new offices during 2001.

Noninterest expense increased by 16.54 percent to $14,005,000 in 2000 from
$12,017,000 in 1999. Salaries and employee benefits increased 15.69 percent to
$7,463,000 in 2000 from $6,451,000 in 1999 primarily due to increased staffing
with two new branches opened in 2000 and the acquisition of a mortgage company
during 2000. Occupancy and equipment expense increased by 11.07 percent to
$2,277,000 in 2000 from $2,050,000 in 1999 primarily due to additional
depreciation and occupancy expense with the new offices opened during 2000. All
other noninterest expense increased 21.27 percent to $4,264,000 in 2000 from
$3,516,000 in 1999. The most significant increase was the loss on sale of
securities of $494,000 in 2000 compared to $2,000 in 1999. The Company effected
an $18,000,000 bond swap during 2000 that resulted in the $494,000 loss from the
sale of securities. The bond swap allowed Colony management to reduce cash flow
variability, take advantage of interest rates that were near cyclical highs and
extend the duration of the portfolio, thereby earning the higher yields
available for an extended period of time into the future. Other increases in
noninterest expense are primarily attributable to expenses incurred in opening
two new offices and the mortgage company during 2000.

                                       27

<PAGE>

PART II (Continued)
Item 7 (Continued)

Income Tax Expense

Income before taxes increased by $611,000 to $7,311,000 in 2001 from $6,700,000
in 2000 with significant changes being an increase in net interest income of
$651,000 in 2001 as compared to 2000, a decrease in the loan loss provision of
$426,000 in 2001 as compared to 2000 and a decrease in noninterest expense, net
of noninterest income of $466,000 in 2001 as compared to 2000. Income tax
expense increased 11.75 percent to $2,444,000 in 2001 from $2,187,000 in 2000.
Income tax expense as a percentage of income before taxes was 33.43 percent in
2001 compared to 32.64 percent in 2000 or an increase of 2.42 percent.

Income before taxes increased by $617,000 to $6,700,000 in 2000 from $6,083,000
in 1999 with significant changes being an increase in net interest income of
$3,347,000 in 2000 compared to 1999, an increase in provision for loan losses of
$1,114,000 in 2000 compared to 1999 and an increase in noninterest expenses, net
of noninterest income of $1,616,000 in 2000 compared to 1999. Income tax expense
increased 14.97 percent to $2,187,000 in 2000 from $1,902,000 in 1999. Income
tax expense as a percentage of income before taxes was 32.64 percent in 2000
compared to 31.27 percent in 1999 or an increase of 4.38 percent.

Future Outlook

Colony is an emerging company operating in an industry filled with nonregulated
competitors and a rapid pace of consolidation. The year brings with it new
opportunities for growth in our existing markets, as well as opportunities to
expand into new markets through branch acquisitions and branching. Colony
completed two new branches in 2001, which are located in Lee County and Warner
Robins, Georgia. For 2002, Colony has announced the signing of a definitive
agreement to acquire Quitman Federal Savings Bank. The acquistion is expected to
close in the first quarter of 2002. With this acquisition, the Company will
explore opportunities to expand into the Valdosta/Lowndes County market during
2002. The Warner Robins office opened in temporary offices in 2001 and will move
into a new 5,500 square foot office mid-year 2002.

Liquidity

The Company's goals with respect to liquidity are to ensure that sufficient
funds are available to meet current operating requirements and to provide
reserves against unforeseen liquidity requirements. Management continuously
reviews the Company's liquidity position, which is maintained on a basis
consistent with established internal guidelines and the tests and reviews of the
various regulatory authorities. The Company's primary liquidity sources at
December 31, 2001 included cash, due from banks, federal funds and short-term
investment securities. The Company also has the ability, on a short-term basis,
to borrow funds from Federal Home Loan Bank and correspondent banks. The mix of
asset maturities contributes to the Company's overall liquidity position.

Certain Transactions

In the normal course of business, officers and directors of the Banks, and
certain business organizations and individuals associated with them, maintain a
variety of banking relationships with the bank. Transactions with senior
officers and directors are made on terms comparable to those available to other
bank customers.

                                       28

<PAGE>

PART II (Continued)
Item 7 (Continued)

Changes in Accounting Principles and Effects of New Accounting Pronouncements

On July 20, 2001, the FASB issued SFAS No. 141, Business Combinations and SFAS
No. 142, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets. These statements make significant
changes to the accounting for business combinations, goodwill and intangible
assets. SFAS 141 eliminates the pooling-of-interests method of accounting for
business combinations with limited exceptions for combinations initiated prior
to July 1, 2001. In addition, it further clarifies the criteria for recognition
of intangible assets separately from goodwill. This statement is effective for
business combinations completed after June 30, 2001.

SFAS No. 142 discontinues the practice of amortizing goodwill and
indefinite-lived intangible assets and initiates an annual review for
impairment. Impairment would be examined more frequently if certain indicators
are encountered. Intangible assets with a determinable useful life will continue
to be amortized over that period. The Banks are required to adopt the provisions
of SFAS No. 142 effective January 1, 2002. It is anticipated that the adoption
of SFAS No. 142 will not have a material effect on the Banks' financial
statements.

Forward-Looking Statements

This document contains statements that constitute "forward-looking statements"
within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and
Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The words
"believe," "estimate," "expect," "intend," "anticipate" and similar expressions
and variations thereof identify certain of such forward-looking statements,
which speaks only as of the dates which they were made. The Company undertakes
no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements,
whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Users are
cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future
performance and involve risks and uncertainties, and that actual results may
differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements as a
result of various factors. Users are therefore cautioned not to place undue
reliance on these forward-looking statements.

                                       29

<PAGE>

Part II (Continued)
Item 7 (Continued)

AVERAGE BALANCE SHEETS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                   2001                           2000                           1999
                                       ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                       Average    Income/   Yields/   Average    Income/   Yields/   Average    Income/   Yields/
($ in thousands)                       Balances   Expense   Rates     Balances   Expense   Rates     Balances   Expense   Rates
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                    <C>        <C>        <C>      <C>        <C>        <C>      <C>        <C>        <C>
Assets
Interest-Earning Assets
  Loans, Net of Unearned Income
    Taxable (1)                        $430,268   $40,389    9.39%    $357,907   $36,333    10.15%   $288,885   $28,344    9.81%
                                       ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Investment Securities
    Taxable                              68,670     4,442    6.47%      57,147     3,812     6.67%     57,828     3,418    5.91%
    Tax-Exempt (2)                        8,325       540    6.49%       7,966       539     6.77%     10,368       649    6.26%
                                       ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      Total Investment Securities        76,995     4,982    6.47%      65,113     4,351     6.68%     68,196     4,067    5.96%
                                       ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Interest-Bearing Deposits in
    Other Banks                           6,294        60    0.95%       8,475       128     1.51%      9,169       467    5.09%
                                       ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Funds Sold                             17,230       691    4.01%      17,162     1,129     6.58%     12,038       602    5.00%
                                       ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Total Interest-Earning Assets       530,787    46,122    8.69%     448,657    41,941     9.35%    378,288    33,480    8.85%
                                       ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Noninterest-Earning Assets
  Cash                                   12,555                          9,905                         11,615
  Allowance for Loan Losses              (5,974)                        (5,087)                        (4,823)
  Other Assets                           26,577                         23,278                         21,714
                                       ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Total Noninterest-Earning
         Assets                          33,158                         28,096                         28,506
                                       ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      Total Assets                     $563,945                       $476,753                       $406,794
                                       ==========================================================================================
Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity
Interest-Bearing Liabilities
  Interest-Bearing Deposits
    Interest-Bearing Demand
      and Savings                        92,748     2,684    2.89%    $ 80,897     2,512     3.11%   $129,291   $ 2,321    1.80%
    Other Time                          348,641    20,975    6.02%     291,317    17,862     6.13%    190,676    13,652    7.16%
                                       ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
          Total Interest-Bearing
            Deposits                    441,389    23,659    5.36%     372,214    20,374     5.47%    319,967    15,973    4.99%
                                       ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Other Interest-Bearing Liabilities
    Debt                                 37,952     2,067    5.45%      28,827     1,873     6.50%     18,326     1,125    6.14%
    Funds Purchased and Securities
      Sold Under Agreement to
        Repurchase                          287        14    4.88%         257        18     7.00%        376        16    4.26%
                                       ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
        Total Other Interest-Bearing
          Liabilities                    38,239     2,081    5.44%      29,084     1,891     6.50%     18,702     1,141    6.10%
                                       ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
        Total Interest-Bearing
          Liabilities                   479,628    25,740    5.37%     401,298    22,265     5.55%    338,669    17,114    5.05%
                                       ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Noninterest-Bearing Liabilities and
  Stockholders' Equity
    Demand Deposits                      37,744                         34,650                         30,827
    Other Liabilities                     3,876                          3,567                          3,094
    Stockholders' Equity                 42,697                         37,238                         34,204
                                       ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
        Total Noninterest-Bearing
          Liabilities and
          Stockholders' Equity           84,317                         75,455                         68,125
                                       ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
        Total Liabilities and
          Stockholders' Equity         $563,945                       $476,753                       $406,794
                                       ==========================================================================================
Interest Rate Spread                                         3.32%                           3.80%                         3.80%
                                       ==========================================================================================
Net Interest Income                               $20,382                        $19,676                        $16,366
                                       ==========================================================================================
Net Interest Margin                                          3.84%                           4.39%                         4.33%
                                       ==========================================================================================
</TABLE>

(1)  The average balance of loans includes the average balance of nonaccrual
     loans. Income on such loans is recognized and recorded on the cash basis.

(2)  Taxable-equivalent adjustments totaling $183,570, $183,347 and $220,628 for
     2001, 2000 and 1999, respectively, are included in tax-exempt interest on
     investment securities. The adjustments are based on a federal tax rate of
     34 percent with appropriate reductions for the effect of disallowed
     interest expense incurred in carrying tax-exempt obligations.

                                       30

<PAGE>

Part II (Continued)
Item 7 (Continued)

RATE/VOLUME ANALYSIS

The rate/volume analysis presented hereafter illustrates the change from year to
year for each component of the taxable equivalent net interest income separated
into the amount generated through volume changes and the amount generated by
changes in the yields/rates.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                        Changes From 2000 to 2001(1)   Changes From 1999 to 2000(1)
($ in thousands)                        Volume     Rate       Total    Volume     Rate       Total
                                        ----------------------------   ----------------------------
<S>                                     <C>       <C>        <C>       <C>       <C>        <C>
Interest Income
   Loans, Net -Taxable                  $7,346    $(3,290)   $4,056    $6,772    $ 1,217    $7,989
                                        ---------------------------    ---------------------------
   Investment Securities
      Taxable                              769       (139)      630       (40)       434       394
      Tax-Exempt                            24        (23)        1      (150)        40      (110)
                                        ---------------------------    ---------------------------
         Total Investment Securities       793       (162)      631      (190)       474       284
                                        ---------------------------    ---------------------------
   Interest-Bearing Deposits in
      Other Banks                          (33)       (35)      (68)      (35)      (304)     (339)
                                        ---------------------------    ---------------------------
   Funds Sold                                4       (442)     (438)      256        271       527
                                        ---------------------------    ---------------------------
         Total Interest Income           8,110     (3,929)    4,181     6,803      1,658     8,461
                                        ---------------------------    ---------------------------
Interest Expense
   Interest-Bearing Demand and
      Savings Deposits                     368       (196)      172      (869)     1,060       191
   Time Deposits                         3,515       (402)    3,113     7,206     (2,996)    4,210
   Other Interest-Bearing Liabilities
   Funds Purchased and Securities
   Under Agreement
      to Repurchase                          2         (6)       (4)       (5)         7         2
   Other Debt                              593       (399)      194       645        103       748
                                        ---------------------------    ---------------------------
      Total Interest
         Expense (Benefit)               4,478     (1,003)    3,475     6,977     (1,826)    5,151
                                        ---------------------------    ---------------------------
Net Interest Income                     $3,632    $(2,926)   $  706    $ (174)   $ 3,484    $3,310
                                        ===========================    ===========================
</TABLE>

(1)  Changes in net interest income for the periods, based on either changes in
     average balances or changes in average rates for interest-earning assets
     and interest-bearing liabilities, are shown on this table. During each
     year, there are numerous and simultaneous balance and rate changes;
     therefore, it is not possible to precisely allocate the changes between
     balances and rates. For the purpose of this table, changes that are not
     exclusively due to balance changes or rate changes have been attributed to
     rates.

                                       31

<PAGE>

Part II (Continued)
Item 7 (Continued)

INTEREST RATE SENSITIVITY

The following table is an analysis of the Company's interest rate sensitivity
position at December 31, 2001. The interest rate sensitivity gap, which is the
difference between interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities by
repricing period, is based upon maturity or first repricing opportunity, along
with a cumulative interest rate sensitivity gap. It is important to note that
the table indicates a position at a specific point in time and may not be
reflective of positions at other times during the year or in subsequent periods.
Major changes in the gap position can be, and are, made promptly as market
outlooks change.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                           Assets and Liabilities Repricing Within
                                            ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                                            3 Months     4 to 12                   1 to 5     Over 5
($ in thousands)                             or Less      Months      1 Year        Years      Years      Total
                                            --------    ---------    ---------    --------    -------    --------
<S>                                         <C>         <C>          <C>          <C>         <C>        <C>
Interest-Earning Assets
   Interest-Bearing Deposits                $  9,877                 $   9,877                           $  9,877
   Investment Securities                          50    $   5,721        5,771    $ 44,562    $ 8,935      59,268
   Funds Sold                                 30,998                    30,998                             30,998
   Loans, Net of Unearned Income
      Fixed Rate                              55,760       85,265      141,025     158,908     14,366     314,299
      Variable Rate                          105,480       31,600      137,080       4,235        438     141,753
                                            --------    ---------    ---------    --------    -------    --------
         Total Interest-Earning Assets       202,165      122,586      324,751     207,705     23,739     556,195
                                            --------    ---------    ---------    --------    -------    --------

Interest-Bearing Liabilities
   Interest-Bearing Demand and Savings
      Deposits (1)                           123,621                   123,621                            123,621
   Other Time Deposits                       116,100      186,533      302,633      55,796                358,429
   Short-Term Borrowings (2)                   8,657        8,637       17,294      13,135     16,500      46,929
                                            --------    ---------    ---------    --------    -------    --------

      Total Interest-Bearing Liabilities     248,378      195,170      443,548      68,931     16,500     528,979
                                            --------    ---------    ---------    --------    -------    --------

      Interest-Rate Sensitivity Gap          (46,213)     (72,584)    (118,797)    138,774      7,239    $ 27,216
                                            --------    ---------    ---------    --------    -------    --------

Cumulative Interest-Rate Sensitivity Gap    $(46,213)   $(118,797)   $(118,797)   $ 19,977    $27,216
                                            --------    ---------    ---------    --------    -------

Interest Rate Sensitivity Gap as a
  Percentage of Interest-Earnings Assets       (8.31%)     (13.05%)     (21.36%)     24.95%      1.30%
                                            --------    ---------    ---------    --------    -------

Cumulative Interest Rate Sensitivity
  Gap as a Percentage of Interest-Earning
  Assets                                       (8.31%)     (21.36%)     (21.36%)      3.59%      4.89%
                                            ========    =========    =========    ========    =======
</TABLE>

(1)  Interest-bearing demand and savings accounts for repricing purposes are
     considered to reprice within 3 months or less.

(2)  Short-term borrowings for repricing purposes are considered to reprice
     within 3 months or less.

                                       32

<PAGE>

Part II (Continued)
Item 7 (Continued)

INVESTMENT PORTFOLIO

The following table presents carrying values of investment securities held by
the Company as of December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999.

($ in thousands)                                     2001      2000     1999
                                                   -------   -------   -------

U.S. Treasuries and Government Agencies            $ 3,849   $35,266   $46,336
Obligations of States and Political Subdivisions     6,017     8,313     9,628
Other Securities                                    19,159    10,206       939
                                                   -------   -------   -------

Investment Securities                               29,025    53,785    56,903

Mortgage Backed Securities                          48,408    15,121     4,490
                                                   -------   -------   -------

Total Investment Securities and
   Mortgage Backed Securities                      $77,433   $68,906   $61,393
                                                   =======   =======   =======

The following table represents maturities and weighted-average yields of
investment securities held by the Company as of December 31, 2001.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                After 1 Year But   After 5 Years But
                               Within 1 Year    Within 5 Years     Within 10 Years     After 10 Years
                               --------------   ----------------   -----------------   --------------
                               Amount   Yield    Amount    Yield     Amount   Yield    Amount   Yield
                               ------   -----   -------   ------     ------   -----    ------   -----
<S>                            <C>       <C>    <C>        <C>       <C>       <C>     <C>      <C>
U.S. Government Agencies       $  300    5.68%  $ 2,529    5.47%     $1,020    7.04%
Mortgage Backed Securities      4,438    4.04%   39,669    5.55%      4,302    6.89%
Obligations of States and
  Political Subdivisions          984    6.47%    2,364    5.12%      2,522    6.49%   $  148   14.97%
Other Securities                   50    0.00%                                            943    3.00%
                               ------    ----   -------    ----      ------    ----    ------   -----

  Total Investment Portfolio   $5,772    4.50%  $44,562    5.52%     $7,844    6.78%   $1,091    4.62%
                               ======    ====   =======    ====      ======    ====    ======   =====
</TABLE>

                                       33

<PAGE>

Part II (Continued)
Item 7 (Continued)

LOANS

The following table presents the composition of the Company's loan portfolio as
of December 31 for the past five years.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
($ in thousands)                           2001        2000        1999        1998        1997
                                         --------    --------    --------    --------    --------
<S>                                      <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>
Commercial, Financial and Agricultural   $ 65,004    $ 77,448    $ 42,595    $ 44,879    $ 34,883
Real Estate
  Construction                              7,988       5,961       4,003         998       2,676
  Mortgage, Farmland                       28,130      23,411      24,179      18,980      21,898
  Mortgage, Other                         277,146     207,396     185,663     133,857     117,268
Consumer                                   64,884      59,862      48,226      40,928      42,956
Other                                      12,903      13,929      10,775      13,227      14,618
                                         --------    --------    --------    --------    --------

                                          456,055     388,007     315,441     252,869     234,299
Unearned Discount                              (3)         (4)         (6)         (5)        (11)
Allowance for Loan Losses                  (6,159)     (5,661)     (4,682)     (4,726)     (4,575)
                                         --------    --------    --------    --------    --------

Loans, Net                               $449,893    $382,342    $310,753    $248,138    $229,713
                                         ========    ========    ========    ========    ========
</TABLE>

The following table presents total loans less unearned discount as of December
31, 2001 according to maturity distribution.

Maturity                                    ($ in thousands)
                                            ----------------
One Year or Less                                $278,105
After One Year through Five Years                163,143
After Five Years                                  14,804
                                                --------

                                                $456,052
                                                ========

The following table presents an interest rate sensitivity analysis of the
Company's loan portfolio as of December 31, 2001.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                            Within     1 to 5    After 5
($ in thousands)                            1 Year      Years     Years     Total
                                           --------   --------   -------   --------
<S>                                        <C>        <C>        <C>       <C>
Loans with
   Predetermined Interest Rates            $141,025   $158,908   $14,366   $314,299
   Floating or Adjustable Interest Rates    137,080      4,235       438    141,753
                                           --------   --------   -------   --------

Loans, Net of Unearned Income              $278,105   $163,143   $14,804   $456,052
                                           ========   ========   =======   ========
</TABLE>

                                       34

<PAGE>

Part II (Continued)
Item 7 (Continued)

NONPERFORMING LOANS

A loan is placed on nonaccrual status when, in management's judgment, the
collection of interest income appears doubtful. Interest receivable that has
been accrued in prior years and is subsequently determined to have doubtful
collectibility is charged to the allowance for possible loan losses. Interest on
loans that are classified as nonaccrual is recognized when received. Past due
loans are loans whose principal or interest is past due 90 days or more. In some
cases, where borrowers are experiencing financial difficulties, loans may be
restructured to provide terms significantly different from the original
contractual terms.

The following table presents, at the dates indicated, the aggregate of
nonperforming loans for the categories indicated.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                             December 31,
                                               ------------------------------------------
                                                2001     2000     1999     1998     1997
                                               ------   ------   ------   ------   ------
                                                           ($ in thousands)
                                               ------------------------------------------
<S>                                            <C>      <C>      <C>      <C>      <C>
Loans Accounted for on a Nonaccrual Basis      $8,205   $5,164   $5,334   $5,823   $5,744
Installment Loans and Term Loans
   Contractually Past Due 90 Days or
   More as to Interest or Principal
   Payments and Still Accruing                    228      751      332      296      145
Loans, the Terms of Which Have Been
   Renegotiated to Provide a Reduction
   or Deferral of Interest or Principal
   Because of Deterioration in the Financial
   Position of the Borrower                        --       22       32      220        5
Loans Now Current About Which There are
   Serious Doubts as to the Ability of the
   Borrower to Comply with Present Loan
   Repayment Terms                                 --       --       --       --       --
</TABLE>

During the year ended December 31, 2001, approximately $1,676,000 of loans was
charged off and approximately $320,000 was recovered on charged-off loans. All
loans classified by regulatory authorities as loss during regular examinations
in 2001 have been charged off. As of December 31, 2001, the allowance for loan
losses was adequate to cover all loans classified by regulatory authorities as
doubtful or substandard.

                                       35

<PAGE>

Part II (Continued)
Item 7 (Continued)

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

In the ordinary course of business, the Banks have entered into off-balance
sheet financial instruments which are not reflected in the consolidated
financial statements. These instruments include commitments to extend credit,
standby letters of credit, guarantees and liability for assets held in trust.
Such financial instruments are recorded in the financial statements when funds
are disbursed or the instruments become payable. The Banks use the same credit
policies for these off-balance sheet financial instruments as they do for
instruments that are recorded in the consolidated financial statements.

Following is an analysis of the significant off-balance sheet financial
instruments as of December 31:

                                 2001     2000
                               -------   -------
                                ($ in thousands)
                               -----------------

Commitments to Extend Credit   $46,871   $40,495
Standby Letters of Credit        1,426     1,770
                               -------   -------

                               $48,297   $42,265
                               =======   =======

Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses
and may require payment of a fee. Since many of the commitment amounts expire
without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily
represent future cash requirements. The credit risk involved in issuing these
financial instruments is essentially the same as that involved in extending
loans to customers.

The Company does not anticipate any material losses as a result of the
commitments and contingent liabilities.

The nature of the business of the Company is such that it ordinarily results in
a certain amount of litigation. In the opinion of management and counsel for the
Company and the Banks, there is no litigation in which the outcome will have a
material effect on the consolidated financial statements.

                                       36

<PAGE>

Part II (Continued)
Item 7 (Continued)

                         SUMMARY OF LOAN LOSS EXPERIENCE

The allowance for possible loan losses is created by direct charges to
operations. Losses on loans are charged against the allowance in the period in
which such loans, in management's opinion, become uncollectible. Recoveries
during the period are credited to this allowance. The factors that influence
management's judgment in determining the amount charged to operating expense are
past loan experience, composition of the loan portfolio, evaluation of possible
future losses, current economic conditions and other relevant factors. The
Company's allowance for loan losses was approximately $6,159,000 as of December
31, 2001, representing 1.34 percent of year-end total loans outstanding,
compared with $5,661,000 as of December 31, 2000, which represented 1.45 percent
of year-end total loans outstanding. The allowance for loan losses is reviewed
continuously based on management's evaluation of current risk characteristics of
the loan portfolio as well as the impact of prevailing and expected economic
business conditions. Management considers the allowance for loan losses adequate
to cover possible loan losses on the loans outstanding.

Management has not allocated the Company's allowance for loan losses to specific
categories of loans. Based on management's best estimate, approximately 10
percent of the allowance should be allocated to real estate loans, 50 percent to
commercial, financial and agricultural loans and 40 percent to
consumer/installment loans as of December 31, 2001.

The following table presents an analysis of the Company's loan loss experience
for the periods indicated.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
($ in thousands)                                  2001      2000      1999      1998      1997
                                                 ------    ------    ------    ------    ------
<S>                                              <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>
Allowance for Loan Losses at Beginning of Year   $5,661    $4,682    $4,726    $4,575    $4,435
                                                 ------    ------    ------    ------    ------
Charge-Offs
   Commercial, Financial and Agricultural         1,211     1,004     1,288       617     1,026
   Real Estate                                       26         1        19       111       160
   Consumer                                         439       537       333       681       670
                                                 ------    ------    ------    ------    ------

                                                  1,676     1,542     1,640     1,409     1,856
                                                 ------    ------    ------    ------    ------
Recoveries
   Commercial, Financial and Agricultural           121        69       237       144       219
   Real Estate                                       17        16         9        36        37
   Consumer                                         182       156       184       223       251
                                                 ------    ------    ------    ------    ------

                                                    320       241       430       403       507
                                                 ------    ------    ------    ------    ------

Net Charge-Offs                                   1,356     1,301     1,210     1,006     1,349
                                                 ------    ------    ------    ------    ------

Provision for Loans Losses                        1,854     2,280     1,166     1,157     1,489
                                                 ------    ------    ------    ------    ------

Allowance for Loan Losses at End of Year         $6,159    $5,661    $4,682    $4,726    $4,575
                                                 ------    ------    ------    ------    ------

Ratio of Net Charge-Offs to Average Loans          0.32%     0.36%     0.42%     0.41%     0.59%
                                                 ======    ======    ======    ======    ======
</TABLE>

                                       37

<PAGE>

Part II (Continued)
Item 7 (Continued)

DEPOSITS

The following table presents the average amount outstanding and the average rate
paid on deposits by the Company for the years 2001, 2000 and 1999.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                             2001                 2000                 1999
                                      ------------------   ------------------   ------------------
                                      Average    Average   Average    Average   Average    Average
($ in thousands)                       Amount     Rate      Amount     Rate      Amount     Rate
                                      --------   -------   --------   -------   --------   -------
<S>                                   <C>         <C>      <C>         <C>      <C>         <C>
Noninterest-Bearing Demand Deposits   $ 37,744             $ 34,650             $ 30,827
Interest-Bearing Demand and Savings     92,748    2.89%      80,897    3.11%     129,291    1.80%
Time Deposits                          348,641    6.02      291,317    6.13      190,676    7.16
                                      --------    ----     --------    ----     --------    ----

                                      $479,133    5.36%    $406,864    5.47%    $350,794    4.99%
                                      ========    ====     ========    ====     ========    ====
</TABLE>

The following table presents the maturities of the Company's other time deposits
as of December 31, 2001.

                      Other Time   Other Time
                       Deposits     Deposits
                       $100,000    Less Than
($ in thousands)      or Greater    $100,000     Total
                      ----------   ----------   --------

Months to Maturity
  3 or Less            $ 41,500     $ 74,601    $116,101
  Over 3 through 12      55,833      130,700     186,533
  Over 12 Months         14,197       41,598      55,795
                       --------     --------    --------

                       $111,530     $246,899    $358,429
                       ========     ========    ========

Return on Assets and Stockholders' Equity

The following table presents selected financial ratios for each of the periods
indicated.

                   Year Ended December 31,
                   -----------------------
                   2001     2000     1999
                   -----    -----    -----

Return on Assets    0.86%    0.95%    1.03%

Return on Equity   11.40%   12.12%   12.22%

Dividend Payout    21.68%   18.70%   14.86%

Equity to Assets    7.57%    7.81%    8.41%

                                       38

<PAGE>

Part II (Continued)
Item 8

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTAL DATA

The following consolidated financial statements of the Registrant and its
subsidiaries are included on exhibit 99(a) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K:

     Consolidated Balance Sheets - December 31, 2001 and 2000

     Consolidated Statements of Income - Years Ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and
     1999

     Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income - Years Ended December 31,
     2001, 2000 and 1999

     Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity - Years Ended December 31,
     2001, 2000, and 1999

     Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - Years Ended December 31, 2001, 2000
     and 1999

     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

QUARTERLY RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (UNAUDITED)

The following is a summary of the unaudited quarterly results of operations for
the years ended December 31, 2001 and 2000:

                                             Three Months Ended
                                  ------------------------------------------
                                  Dec. 31    Sept. 30     June 30    Mar. 31
                                  ------------------------------------------
                                   ($ in thousands, except per share data)

2001
Interest Income                   $11,277     $11,654     $11,535    $11,418
Interest Expense                    6,116       6,534       6,568      6,522
                                  ------------------------------------------
Net Interest Income                 5,161       5,120       4,967      4,896
Provision for Loan Losses             742         453         373        286
Securities Losses                     323          --          49         15
Noninterest Income                  1,180         990       1,013        957
Noninterest Expense                 4,130       3,899       3,792      3,686
                                  ------------------------------------------
Income Before Income Taxes          1,792       1,758       1,864      1,896
Provision for Income Taxes            568         598         642        636
                                  ------------------------------------------
Net Income                        $ 1,224     $ 1,160     $ 1,222    $ 1,260
                                  ==========================================

Net Income Per Common Share (1)
   Basic                             0.29%       0.26%       0.27%      0.28%
   Diluted                           0.29%       0.26%       0.27%      0.28%

                                       39

<PAGE>

Part II (Continued)
Item 8 (Continued)

                                            Three Months Ended
                                  ---------------------------------------
                                  Dec. 31   Sept. 30    June 30   Mar. 31
                                  ---------------------------------------
                                  ($ in thousands, except per share data)

2000
Interest Income                   $11,522    $10,955    $10,009    $9,272
Interest Expense                    6,362      5,958      5,164     4,781
                                  ---------------------------------------
Net Interest Income                 5,160      4,997      4,845     4,491
Provision for Loan Losses             446        752        605       477
Securities Gains                       --       (494)        --        --
Noninterest Income                    916        893        835       847
Noninterest Expense                 3,670      3,405      3,353     3,082
                                  ---------------------------------------
Income Before Income Taxes          1,960      1,239      1,722     1,779
Provision for Income Taxes            644        400        577       566
                                  ---------------------------------------
Net Income                        $ 1,316    $   839    $ 1,145    $1,213
                                  =======================================

Net Income Per Common Share (1)
  Basic                           $  0.30    $  0.19    $  0.26    $ 0.27
  Diluted                         $  0.30    $  0.19    $  0.26    $ 0.27

(1)  Adjusted for stock dividends and stock splits, as applicable.

Item 9

CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENT WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL
DISCLOSURE

There was no accounting or disclosure disagreement or reportable event with the
former or current auditors that would have required the filing of a report on
Form 8-K.

Part III
Item 10

DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

Incorporated herein by reference to pages 3 and 4 of the Company's Definitive
Proxy Statement for Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on April 23, 2002
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 11, 2002 (File No.
000-12436).

Item 11

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

Incorporated herein by reference to pages 6, 8, 9, 10, 11 and 12 of the
Company's Definitive Proxy Statement for Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be
held on April 23, 2002, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
March 11, 2002 (File No. 000-12436).

                                       40

<PAGE>

Part III (Continued)
Item 12

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

Incorporated herein by reference to pages 7 and 8 of the Company's Definitive
Proxy Statement for Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on April 23, 2002,
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 11, 2002 (File No.
000-12436).

Item 13

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

Incorporated herein by reference to page 11 of the Company's Definitive Proxy
Statement for Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on April 23, 2002, filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 11, 2002 (File No.
000-12436).

Part IV
Item 14

EXHIBITS AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

(A)   Exhibits included herein:

Exhibit No.

3(a)  Articles of Incorporation

      -filed as Exhibit 3(a) to the Registrant's Registration Statement
      on Form 10 (File No. 0-18486), filed with the Commission on April
      25, 1990 and incorporated herein by reference

3(b)  Bylaws, as amended

      -filed as Exhibit 3(b) to the Registrant's Registration Statement
      on Form 10 (File No. 0-18486), filed with the Commission on April
      25, 1990 and incorporated herein by reference

4     Instruments Defining the Rights of Security Holders

      -incorporated herein by reference to page 1 of the Company's
      Definitive Proxy Statement for Annual Meeting of Stockholders to
      be held on April 23, 2002, filed with the Securities and Exchange
      Commission on March 11, 2002 (File No. 000-12436).

10    Material Contracts

10(a) Deferred Compensation Plan and Sample Director Agreement

      -filed as Exhibit 10(a) to the Registrant's Registration
      Statement on Form 10 (File No. 0-18486), filed with the
      Commission on April 25, 1990 and incorporated herein by reference

                                       41

<PAGE>

Part IV (Continued)
Item 14

(A)   Exhibits included herein:

Exhibit No.

10(b) Profit-Sharing Plan dated January 1, 1979

      -filed as Exhibit 10(b) to the Registrant's Registration
      Statement on Form 10 (File No. 0-18486), filed with the
      Commission on April 25, 1990 and incorporated herein by reference

10(c) 1999 Restricted Stock Grant Plan and Restricted Stock Grant
      Agreement

      -filed as Exhibit 10(c) the Registrant's Annual Report on Form
      10-K (File 000-12436), filed with the Commission on March 30,
      2001 and incorporated herein by reference.

11    Statement Re Computation of Per Share Earnings

21    Subsidiaries of the Company

99    Additional Exhibits

99(a) Consolidated Financial Statements

      -Independent Auditor's Report
      -Consolidated Balance Sheets - December 31, 2001 and 2000
      -Consolidated Statements of Income - Years Ended December 31,
      2001, 2000 and 1999
      -Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income - Years Ended
      December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999
      -Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity - Years Ended
      December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999
      -Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - Years Ended December 31,
      2001, 2000 and 1999
      -Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

      All schedules are omitted as the required information is
      inapplicable or the information is presented in the financial
      statements or related notes.

(B)   No reports on Form 8-K have been filed by the registrant during
      the last quarter of the period covered by this report.

                                       42

<PAGE>

                                   SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, Colony Bankcorp, Inc. has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized:

COLONY BANKCORP, INC.

/s/ James D. Minix
James D. Minix
President/Director/Chief Executive Officer

Date: March 28, 2002

/s/ Terry L. Hester
Terry L. Hester
Executive Vice-President/Controller/Chief Financial
Officer/Director

Date: March 28, 2002

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report
has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and
in the capacities and on the dates indicated:


/s/ Terry Coleman                             Date:   March 28, 2002
---------------------------------
Terry Coleman, Director


/s/ L. Morris Downing                         Date:   March 28, 2002
---------------------------------
L. Morris Downing, Director


/s/ Harold E. Kimball                         Date:   March 28, 2002
---------------------------------
Harold E. Kimball, Director

                                       43

<PAGE>

/s/ Marion H. Massee, III                     Date:   March 28, 2002
---------------------------------
Marion H. Massee, III, Director


/s/ Ben B. Mills, Jr.                         Date:   March 28, 2002
---------------------------------
Ben B. Mills, Jr., Director


/s/ Walter P. Patten                          Date:   March 28, 2002
---------------------------------
Walter P. Patten, Director


/s/ W. B. Roberts                             Date:   March 28, 2002
---------------------------------
W. B. Roberts, Jr., Director


/s/ R. Sidney Ross                            Date:   March 28, 2002
---------------------------------
R. Sidney Ross, Director


/s/ Joe K. Shiver                             Date:   March 28, 2002
---------------------------------
Joe K. Shiver, Director

                                       44

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
