<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form_10k-07.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 10-K FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 3, 2007
<TEXT>
                               UNITED STATES
                   SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                        Washington, D.C. 20549

                                 FORM 10-K

        ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
                          EXCHANGE ACT OF  1934

                     FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED FEBRUARY 28, 2007


                    COMMISSION FILE NUMBER:   0-12182
                              ________________

                                CALAMP CORP.
               (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter)

          Delaware                                            95-3647070
State or other jurisdiction of                             (I.R.S. Employer
incorporation or organization)                            Identification No.)

 1401 N. Rice Avenue
 Oxnard, California                                             93030
(Address of principal executive offices)                      (Zip Code)

REGISTRANT'S TELEPHONE NUMBER, INCLUDING AREA CODE:  (805) 987-9000
                             ________________

SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OF THE ACT:

       TITLE OF EACH CLASS                          NAME OF EACH EXCHANGE

               None                                          None

           SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(g) OF THE ACT:
       $.01 par value Common Stock      Nasdaq Global Select Market
	      (Title of Class)      (Name of each exchange on which registered)

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as
defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.  Yes [  ]  No [X].

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.  Yes [  ]  No [X].

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to
such filing requirements for the past 90 days.
Yes  [X]  No [  ].

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item
405 of Regulation S-K  is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to
the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any
amendment to this Form 10-K   [X]

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer,
an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer.   (Check one): Large
accelerated filer [  ]  Accelerated filer [X]  Non-accelerated filer [  ]

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).
Yes [  ]   No [X]

The aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common stock held by non-
affiliates of the registrant as of August 31, 2006 was approximately
$149,259,000. As of May 1, 2007, there were 23,626,466 shares of the
Company's common stock  outstanding.


                  DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Portions of the Company's definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting
of Stockholders to be held on August 1, 2007 are incorporated by reference
into Part III, Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14 of this Form 10-K. This Proxy
Statement will be filed within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year
covered by this report.

<page>
                                     PART I

ITEM 1.  BUSINESS

THE COMPANY

     CalAmp Corp. ("CalAmp" or the "Company"), formerly known as California
Amplifier, Inc., is a provider of wireless communications products that
enable anytime/anywhere access to critical information, data and
entertainment content.  CalAmp is a leading supplier of direct broadcast
satellite (DBS) outdoor customer premise equipment to the U.S. satellite
television market.  The Company also provides wireless data communication
solutions for the telemetry and asset tracking markets, private wireless
networks, public safety communications and critical infrastructure and
process control applications.

     The Company's DBS reception products are sold primarily to the two U.S.
DBS system operators, Echostar Communications Corporation and DirecTV Group
Inc., for incorporation into complete subscription satellite television
systems.  The Company sells its other wireless access products directly to
system operators as well as through distributors and system integrators.

     On May 26, 2006 the Company acquired privately held Dataradio Inc., a
leading supplier of proprietary advanced mobile and fixed wireless data
communication systems, products, and solutions for public safety, critical
infrastructure and industrial control applications, for a cash payment of
Canadian $60.1 million, or U.S. $54.3 million at the effective exchange rate.
Dataradio has a diversified customer base with no single customer accounting
for more than 10% of Dataradio's total revenue.  Dataradio has approximately
175 employees in facilities located in Montreal, Minnesota and Georgia.  The
Dataradio acquisition expanded CalAmp's wireless data communications business
while furthering the Company's strategic goals of diversifying its customer
base and expanding its product offerings into higher-margin growth markets.
Dataradio's results of operations are included in CalAmp's fiscal 2007
results of operations for the 40-week period from the date of acquisition
through the end of fiscal 2007, during which Dataradio generated revenue of
$22.8 million and gross profit of $11.6 million.  In connection with the
acquisition of Dataradio, the Company recorded a charge of $6,850,000 to
write-off in-process research and development costs of the acquired business
as part of the purchase price allocation.

     Also on May 26, 2006, the Company acquired the Mobile Resource
Management (MRM) product line from privately held TechnoCom Corporation for
$2.4 million in cash and an earn-out payment equal to revenues in excess of
$3,100,000 during the 12-month period following the acquisition.  This
product line, which is used to help track fleets of cars and trucks,
generated approximately $4 million in revenue in the 12-month period ended
April 30, 2006.  Sales of the MRM product line are included in CalAmp's
fiscal 2007 results of operations for the 40-week period from the date of
acquisition through the end of fiscal 2007, during which this product line
contributed revenue of $4.3 million and gross profit of $1.6 million.

     In April 2005, the Company acquired the business and certain assets of
Skybility, a privately held company located in Carlsbad, California, pursuant
to an Asset Purchase Agreement dated April 18, 2005.  Skybility is a
developer and supplier of embedded cellular transceivers used in telemetry
and asset tracking applications that operate on the Advanced Mobile Phone
Service (AMPS) analog network using Global Positioning Satellite (GPS)
technology.  The Skybility business operates as the Machine-to-Machine
("M2M") product line of the Company's Products Division.

     The Company's acquisition of Vytek Corporation ("Vytek") in April 2004
gave rise to goodwill of approximately $72 million.  In accordance with the
applicable accounting rules, the goodwill of $72 million was apportioned
between CalAmp's Solutions Division and Products Division because both
divisions were expected to benefit from the acquisition.  The apportionment
analysis resulted in allocating $37 million of the goodwill to the Products
Division and the remaining $35 million to the Solutions Division.  As a
result of the fiscal 2007 annual impairment test of the Solutions Division
goodwill conducted as of April 30, 2006, the Company determined that there
was an impairment of goodwill, and accordingly, an impairment charge was
recorded during fiscal 2007 in the amount of $29,012,000. In addition, the
Company recorded an $836,000 impairment charge related to the other
intangible assets arising from the Vytek acquisition.  The impairment charges
reflect the declining revenues associated with the Solutions Division's
information technology professional consulting business, due primarily to the
inability of the Solutions Division to generate new recurring revenue streams
to grow the business.

     The Company uses a 52-53 week fiscal year ending on the Saturday closest
to February 28, which for fiscal years 2007, 2006 and 2005 fell on March 3,
2007, February 25, 2006 and February 26, 2005, respectively.  In these
consolidated financial statements, the fiscal year end for all years is shown
as February 28 for clarity of presentation.  Fiscal 2007 consisted of 53
weeks, while fiscal years 2006 and 2005 each consisted of 52 weeks.

RECENT DEVELOPMENTS

     In March 2007, subsequent to the end of fiscal 2007, the Company split
the Products Division into two separate operating units:  the Satellite
Division and the Wireless DataCom Division.  The Satellite Division consists
of the Company's DBS business, and the Wireless DataCom Division consists of
the remaining businesses of the Products Division, including Dataradio, MRM,
M2M and CalAmp's legacy wireless businesses other than DBS.  The Company
plans to use these two new divisions, and the existing Solutions Division, as
its reporting segments commencing with the fiscal 2008 first quarter ending
May 31, 2007.  In this Form 10-K and the accompanying consolidated financial
statements, the Company has presented its operations using the Products
Division and the Solutions Division, the two reporting segments that existed
through fiscal 2007, which is consistent with how management evaluated
operating performance.

     On March 16, 2007, the Company acquired Aircept, a vehicle tracking
business, from AirIQ Inc., a Canadian company ("AirIQ"), for cash
consideration of $19 million.  The source of funds for the purchase price was
the Company's cash on hand.  Aircept's business involves the sale of Global
Positioning Satellite (GPS) and cellular-based wireless asset tracking
products and services to vehicle lenders that specialize in automobile
financing for high credit risk individuals.  Aircept, which has approximately
35 employees, will become part of the Company's new Wireless DataCom
Division.  Aircept had revenues of approximately $15 million and a gross
profit margin of approximately 35% during calendar 2006.

     On April 4, 2007, the Company acquired the business and substantially
all the assets of SmartLink Radio Networks, a privately-held company, for
$8.1 million cash.  The source of funds for the purchase price was the
Company's cash on hand.  Smartlink provides proprietary interoperable radio
communications platforms and integration services for public safety and
critical infrastructure needs.  Based on a software defined switch,
SmartLink's platform provides interoperability without the need to replace
the installed base of land mobile radios.  SmartLink generated unaudited
revenues of approximately $2.9 million during the trailing 12 month period
ended March 31, 2007.  SmartLink is currently in the process of deploying its
platform for several significant customers including Solano County, Calif.,
the U.S. Department of Justice in San Francisco and Grand Bahama Power
Company.  Depending on the size and scope of a deployment, a SmartLink system
sale generates revenues in the range of one hundred thousand dollars to
several million dollars.  CalAmp will transition SmartLink's operations in
Connecticut to its Dataradio facilities in Montreal, Canada and Atlanta,
Georgia over the next several months.  Smartlink will become part of the
Company's new Wireless DataCom Division.

     As further described in Item 7 - Management's Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations under the caption "Recent
Developments", on May 16, 2007, the Company filed a lawsuit against one of
its component suppliers related to the quality of materials used in one of
the Company's DBS products that it has manufactured for about two and one-
half years.  The Company believes that this material quality issue resulted
in field performance issues of certain DBS products shipped by the Company
during calendar years 2004 to 2006.  The Company is currently working with
its affected DBS customer to mitigate the impact of these field performance
failures and to identify and implement a corrective action.  The Company
believes that this matter will adversely affect its sales volume with this
DBS customer for fiscal 2008 and possibly beyond.

PRODUCTS DIVISION

     The Products Division develops, manufactures and sells devices and
systems utilizing wireless technology that receive television programming
transmitted from satellites and terrestrial transmission towers or that
provide connectivity for access to critical information, data and
entertainment content.

     The Products Division currently generates most of its revenue from the
sale of DBS outdoor reception equipment, with such sales accounting for
approximately 73%, 86% and 95% of total Products Division revenues in fiscal
years 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively.  Revenue of the Company's Products
Division amounted to $213.2 million, $196.9 million and $194.8 million in
fiscal years 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively.  The Company believes that
DBS reception equipment will continue to be a significant portion of its
overall revenue for the foreseeable future.

     The Company's DBS reception products are installed at subscribers'
premises to receive subscription television programming signals that are
transmitted from orbiting satellites.  These DBS reception products consist
principally of reflector dish antennae, feedhorns, and electronics which
receive, process and amplify satellite television signals for distribution
over coaxial cable into the building.  The dish antenna reflects the
satellite microwave signal back to a focal point where a feedhorn collects
the microwaves and transfers the signals into an integrated
amplifier/downconverter that is referred to in the satellite industry as a
Low Noise Block Downconverter with Feed ("LNBF").  The microwave amplifier
boosts the signal for further processing.  The downconverter reduces the
signal from a microwave frequency into a lower intermediate frequency that is
transmitted over coaxial cable and that a satellite television receiver can
acquire, recognize and process to create a picture.

     Historically, the Company's DBS business has experienced some
seasonality.  The Company's third fiscal quarter ending November 30 tends to
be the strongest sales period for this business because the DBS service
providers typically are building up their inventory levels in advance of the
year-end holiday season when acquisition of new subscribers is higher.  The
Company's fourth fiscal quarter ending February 28 tends to be the weakest
sales period for this business because the DBS service providers typically
are reducing their purchases to work down inventory levels following the
year-end holiday season.  Notwithstanding this, in some years these seasonal
patterns may be overshadowed by the timing of new product introductions, the
phase-out of older generation products, the service providers' reallocation
of purchasing volume among several suppliers, or by other factors.

     The M2M product line of the Company's Products Division operates in the
Machine-to-Machine industry that focuses on connecting machines to other
machines, which can range from simple sensors to complex machines
and computer servers.  The connectivity is achieved using wired and wireless
networks, including, but not limited to, cellular wide area networks,
wireless local area networks, satellite, ethernet, telephone, and the
Internet.  Control and monitoring of remote devices are typically the purpose
of M2M applications.  Controlling thermostats for demand-side energy
management, monitoring fuel/liquid storage tanks, locating or tracking a car
or other mobile asset, utility meter reading and control, and monitoring of
an alarm panel are all examples of M2M applications.  M2M applications
typically increase efficiency and lower costs for their owners by providing
critical data in real or near real time.  By leveraging the Internet and
cellular infrastructure, M2M applications can typically be monitored globally
from anywhere an Internet connection can be made.  With the continued growth
in wireless network deployments, the Company believes that wireless M2M
applications will be increasingly desired for their relative ease of
deployment and geographic accessibility.  CalAmp's M2M product line includes
wireless modules compatible with cellular wide area networks that enable
network connectivity for machines.  CalAmp also provides design, system
integration and manufacturing services for M2M products.

     Dataradio designs, manufactures and sells a broad range of wireless data
products used in private wireless networks for both fixed and mobile
applications.  These products are sold to city and county governments for
public safety applications such as 911 emergency response systems, and to
utilities, oil and gas companies and transportation companies for critical
infrastructure and industrial monitoring and control applications.
Dataradio's products include wireless modems, base stations, network routers
and supporting software.

     The TechnoCom MRM business designs and manufactures GPS-based tracking
devices used by commercial and government fleets to remotely manage their
assets.  These devices communicate via public wireless networks and are
distributed on an OEM basis to application service providers and system
integrators offering mobile resource management solutions.  In addition, the
business offers a backend device management system to minimize support and
service costs and also sophisticated unit firmware providing a greater range
of vehicle information and communication capabilities.


SOLUTIONS DIVISION

     The Company's Solutions Division provides software applications for
urgent messaging and media content delivery.  The urgent messaging software
product, known as TelAlert, provides mission-critical communication
applications for network monitoring, enterprise management, help desk,
dispatch and call center systems.  The media content delivery application is
known as CalAmp Media Manager.  The Solutions Division accounted for 4%, 9%
and 11% of consolidated revenue in fiscal years 2007, 2006 and 2005,
respectively.

     For additional information regarding the Company's sales by business
segment and geographical area, see Note 13 to the accompanying consolidated
financial statements.

MANUFACTURING

     Electronic devices, components and made-to-order assemblies used in the
Company's products are generally obtained from a number of suppliers,
although certain components are obtained from sole source suppliers.  Some
devices or components are standard items while others are manufactured to the
Company's specifications by its suppliers.  The Company believes that most
raw materials are available from alternative suppliers.  However, any
significant interruption in the delivery of such items could have an adverse
effect on the Company's operations.

     Over the past several years, printed circuit board assembly has been
outsourced to contract manufacturers in the Pacific Rim.  The Company
performs final assembly and test of most its satellite LNBF and other
wireless access products at its facilities in Oxnard, California.  Printed
circuit assemblies are mounted in various aluminum and plastic housings,
electronically tested, and subjected to additional environmental tests on a
sampled basis prior to packaging and shipping.

     Satellite dish antennas are manufactured on a subcontract basis by metal
fabrication companies in the U.S and China.  In addition, some of the
Company's satellite LNBF products are manufactured on a subcontract basis by
companies in Taiwan and mainland China.

     A substantial portion of the Company's components, and substantially all
printed circuit board assemblies and housings, are procured from foreign
suppliers and contract manufacturers located primarily in mainland China,
Taiwan, and other Pacific Rim countries.  Any significant shift in U.S. trade
policy toward these countries, or a significant downturn in the economic or
financial condition of, or any political instability in, these countries,
could cause disruption of the Company's supply chain or otherwise disrupt the
Company's operations, which could adversely impact the Company's business.

ISO 9001 INTERNATIONAL CERTIFICATION

     The Company became registered to ISO 9001:1994 in 1995, and upgraded its
registration to ISO9001:2000 in 2003.  ISO 9001:2000 is the widely recognized
international standard for quality management in product design,
manufacturing, quality assurance and marketing.  The Company believes that
ISO certification is important to its business because most of the Company's
key customers expect their suppliers to have and maintain ISO certification.
The registration assessment was performed by Underwriter's Laboratory, Inc.
according to the ISO 9001:2000 International Standard.  Continuous
assessments to maintain certification are performed semi-annually, and the
Company has maintained its certification through each audit evaluation, most
recently in April 2007.  In addition, the Company conducts internal audits of
processes and procedures on a quarterly basis.  The Company believes that the
loss of its ISO certification could have a material adverse effect on its
operations, and the Company can provide no assurance that it will be
successful in continuing to maintain such certification.

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

     Each of the markets the Company competes in is characterized by rapid
technological change, evolving industry standards, and new product features
to meet market requirements.  During the last three years, the Company has
focused its research and development resources primarily on satellite DBS
products, M2M applications and public safety data communication systems.  In
addition, development resources were allocated to broaden existing product
lines, reduce product costs and improve performance through product redesign
efforts.

     Research and development expenses in fiscal years 2007, 2006 and 2005
were $15,015,000, $9,109,000 and $8,320,000, respectively.  During this three
year period the Company's research and development expenses have ranged
between 3.8% and 6.8% of annual consolidated revenues.

SALES AND MARKETING

     The Company's revenues were derived mainly from customers in the United
States, which represented 94%, 95% and 97% of consolidated revenues in fiscal
2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively.

     The Products Division sells its satellite reception products primarily
to the two DBS system operators in the U.S. for incorporation into complete
subscription satellite television systems.  Other wireless access products
are sold directly to system operators as well as through distributors and
system integrators.

     The sales and marketing functions for the Products Division are located
primarily at the Company's corporate headquarters location in Oxnard,
California.  In addition, the Products Division has a small sales office in
Europe.  The M2M and MRM product lines of the Products Division have offices
in Carlsbad, California.  The sales and marketing functions for Dataradio are
located in Montreal, Atlanta and Waseca, Minnesota.  The sales and marketing
functions for the Solutions Division are located in San Diego and Oakland.

    Sales to customers that accounted for 10% or more of consolidated annual
sales in any one of the last three years, as a percent of consolidated sales,
are as follows:
                                     Year ended February 28,
                                  ------------------------------
        Customer      Segment      2007        2006        2005
        --------     ---------    ------      ------      ------
        Echostar     Products      48.2%       55.5%       43.4%
        DirecTV      Products      18.0%       13.7%       17.1%

     Echostar Communications Corporation owns and operates the DISH satellite
television service in the U.S.  DirecTV Group Inc. is the largest satellite
television service provider in the U.S.  The Company believes that the loss
of either Echostar or DirecTV as a customer could have a material adverse
effect on the Company's financial position and results of operations.

COMPETITION

     The Company's markets are highly competitive.  In addition, if the
markets for the Company's products grow, the Company anticipates increased
competition from new companies entering such markets, some of whom may have
financial and technical resources substantially greater than those of the
Company.  The Company believes that competition in its markets is based
primarily on performance, reputation, product reliability, technical support
and price.  The Company's continued success in these markets will depend in
part upon its ability to continue to design and manufacture quality products
at competitive prices.

     Products Division:

     The Company believes that its existing principal competitors for its DBS
products business include Sharp, Wistron NeWeb Corporation,  Winegard
Company, Andrew Corporation, Microelectronics Technology, Inc., Funai and Pro
Brand.  Based on information announced quarterly by the U.S. DBS system
operators as to the total number of subscribers and the subscriber turnover
rate, the Company believes that it is a leading supplier of outdoor
subscriber premise equipment to the U.S. DBS television industry.  Because
the Company's satellite products are not proprietary, it is possible that
they may be duplicated by low-cost producers, resulting in price and margin
pressures.  The Company believes that the principal competitors for its non-
DBS wireless products include Motorola, M/A-COM, IPMobilnet, MDS, Freewave,
GenX, Sierra Wireless, Transystem Inc. and Niigata Seimitsu.

     Solutions Division:

     The Solutions Division's TelAlert urgent messaging software product
competes against companies such as AlarmPoint Systems and MIR3, both of which
are privately held companies.


BACKLOG

     The Company's products are sold to customers that do not usually enter
into long-term purchase agreements, and as a result, the Company's backlog at
any date is not significant in relation to its annual sales.  In addition,
because of customer order modifications, cancellations, or orders requiring
wire transfers or letters of credit from international customers, the
Company's backlog as of any particular date may not be indicative of sales
for any future period.


INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

     Products Division:

     In the Company's DBS business, the Company's timely application of its
technology and its design, development and marketing capabilities have been
of substantially greater importance to its business than patents or licenses.
However, patents and licenses are of significant importance in most of the
Product Division's other business operations.

     At February 28, 2007, the Products Division had 27 patents ranging from
design features for downconverter and antenna products to its MultiCipher
broadband scrambling system.  Those that relate to its downconverter products
do not give the Company any significant advantage since other manufacturers
using different design approaches can offer similar microwave products in the
marketplace.  In addition to its awarded patents, the Products Division has
one patent application pending.

     Solutions Division:

     The Solutions Division relies primarily on a combination of trademark,
copyright, service mark, trade secret laws and contractual restrictions to
establish and protect proprietary rights in the Solutions Division's products
and services.

     Use by customers of the Solutions Division's software is governed by
executed license agreements.  The Solutions Division also enters into written
agreements with each of its resellers for the distribution of its software.
In addition, the Solutions Division seeks to avoid disclosure of trade
secrets by requiring each of its employees and others with access to
proprietary information to execute confidentiality agreements.  The Solutions
Division protects its software, documentation and other written materials
under trade secret and copyright laws, which afford only limited protection.

     CalAmp(R) is a federally registered trademark of the Company.

EMPLOYEES

     At February 28, 2007, the Company had approximately 440 employees and
approximately 140 contracted production workers.  None of the Company's
employees are represented by a labor union.  The contracted production
workers are engaged through independent temporary labor agencies in
California.


EXECUTIVE OFFICERS

     The executive officers of the Company are as follows:

      NAME               AGE              POSITION
-------------------      ---      --------------------------

Fred Sturm                49      Director, President and Chief Executive
                                  Officer

Michael Burdiek           47      President, Wireless DataCom Division

Patrick Hutchins          44      President, Satellite Division and Chief
                                  Operations Officer

Garo Sarkissian           40      Vice President, Corporate Development

Richard Vitelle           53      Vice President, Finance, Chief
                                  Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary

     FRED STURM was appointed Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
in August 1997.  Prior to joining the Company from 1990 to 1997, Mr. Sturm
was President of Chloride Power Systems (USA), and Managing Director of
Chloride Safety, Security, and Power Conversion (UK), both of which are part
of Chloride Group, PLC (LSE: CHLD).  From 1979 to 1990, he held a variety of
general management positions with M/A-Com and TRW Electronics, which served
RF and microwave markets.

     MICHAEL BURDIEK joined the Company as Executive Vice President in June
2006 and was appointed President of the Company's new Wireless DataCom
Division on March 15, 2007.  Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Burdiek was
the President and CEO of Telenetics Corporation, a publicly held manufacturer
of data communications products.  From 2004 to 2005, he worked as an
investment partner and advisor to various firms in the Private Equity sector.
From 1987 to 2004, Mr. Burdiek held a variety of technical and general
management positions with Comarco, Inc., a publicly held company, most
recently as Senior Vice President and General Manager of Comarco's Wireless
Test Systems unit.  Mr. Burdiek began his career as a design engineer with
Hughes Aircraft Company.

     PATRICK HUTCHINS joined the Company as Vice President, Operations in
August 2001, and was appointed President of the Company's Products Division
in April 2004.  On March 15, 2007, in conjunction with a realignment of the
Company's internal operating structure, Mr. Hutchins was appointed President
of the Company's new Satellite Division and Chief Operations Officer.  From
March 1997 until joining the Company, Mr. Hutchins served in general
management capacities with several units of Chloride Group PLC and Genlyte
Thomas LLC, most recently serving as the President and General Manager of
Chloride Systems, a division of Genlyte Thomas.

    	 GARO SARKISSIAN joined the Company as Vice President, Corporate
Development in October 2005 and was appointed an executive officer in July
2006.  Prior to joining the Company, from 2003 to 2005 he served as Principal
and Vice President of Business Development for Global Technology Investments
(GTI), a private equity firm.  Prior to GTI, from 1999 to 2003, Mr.
Sarkissian held senior management and entrepreneurial roles at California
Eastern Laboratories, a private company developing and marketing radio
frequency (RF), microwave and optical components.  Mr. Sarkissian began his
career as an RF engineer in 1988 and developed industry leading power
products over a span of 10 years for M/A Com (Tyco) and NEC.

       RICHARD VITELLE joined the Company as Vice President, Finance, Chief
Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary in July 2001.  Prior to joining the
Company, he served as Vice President of Finance and CFO of SMTEK
International, Inc., a publicly held electronics manufacturing services
provider, where he was employed for a total of 11 years.  Earlier in his
career Mr. Vitelle served as a senior manager with Price Waterhouse.

     The Company's executive officers are appointed by and serve at the
discretion of the Board of Directors.


AVAILABLE INFORMATION

     The Company's primary Internet address is www.calamp.com.  The Company
makes its Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") periodic reports (Forms
10-Q and Forms 10-K) and current reports (Forms 8-K), and amendments to these
reports, available free of charge through its website as soon as reasonably
practicable after they are filed electronically with the SEC.

     Materials the Company files with the SEC may be read and copied at the
SEC's Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, D.C. 20549.
Information on the operation of the Public Reference Room may be obtained by
calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC also maintains an Internet website
at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and
other information regarding the Company that the Company files electronically
with the SEC.


ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS

     The following list describes several risk factors which are unique to
our Company:

The Company is dependent on its significant customers, the loss of any of
which could have a material adverse effect on the Company's future sales and
its ability to sustain its growth.

     The Company's top two customers, Echostar and DirecTV, accounted for
48.2% and 18.0%, respectively, of the Company's total net sales for fiscal
2007. Echostar and DirecTV in the aggregate accounted for 69.2% of CalAmp's
total net sales for fiscal 2006 and 60.5% of its total net sales for fiscal
2005.  The loss of either Echostar or DirecTV as a customer, a deterioration
in the overall business of either of them, or a decrease in the volume of
sales by either of them, could result in decreased sales and could have a
material adverse impact on CalAmp's ability to grow its DBS business.  A
substantial decrease or interruption in business from any of the Company's
significant customers could result in write-offs or in the loss of future
business and could have a material adverse effect on the Company's business,
financial condition or results of operations.

We do not currently have long-term contracts with customers and our customers
may cease purchasing products at any time, which could significantly harm our
revenues.

     We generally do not have long-term contracts with our customers.  As a
result, our agreements with our customers do not currently provide us with
any assurance of future sales.  These customers can cease purchasing products
from us at any time without penalty, they are free to purchase products from
our competitors, they may expose us to competitive price pressure on each
order and they are not required to make minimum purchases.

Because the markets in which we compete are highly competitive and many of
our competitors have greater resources than us, we cannot be certain that our
products will continue to be accepted in the marketplace or capture increased
market share.

     The market for DBS products and other wireless products is intensely
competitive and characterized by rapid technological change, evolving
standards, short product life cycles, and price erosion. We expect
competition to intensify as our competitors expand their product offerings
and new competitors enter the market.  Given the highly competitive
environment in which we operate, we cannot be sure that any competitive
advantages currently enjoyed by our products will be sufficient to establish
and sustain our products in the market.  Any increase in price or other
competition could result in erosion of our market share, to the extent we
have obtained market share, and would have a negative impact on our financial
condition and results of operations.  We cannot provide assurance that we
will have the financial resources, technical expertise or marketing and
support capabilities to compete successfully.

     Information about the Company's competitors is included in Part I, Item
1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the heading "COMPETITION".

Multiple factors beyond the Company's control may cause fluctuations in our
operating results and may cause our business to suffer.

     The revenues and results of our operations may fluctuate significantly,
depending on a variety of factors, including the following:

	*  our dependence on a few major customers in our satellite
         products business that currently account for a substantial majority of
         our overall sales;

	*  the introduction of new products and services by competitors;
         and

	*  seasonality in the equipment market for the U.S. DBS
         subscription television industry.

     We will not be able to control many of these factors.  In addition, if
our revenues in a particular period do not meet expectations, we may not be
able to adjust our expenditures in that period, which could cause our
business to suffer.

Our business is subject to many factors that could cause the Company's
quarterly or annual operating results to fluctuate and its stock price to be
volatile.

     Our quarterly and annual operating results have fluctuated in the past
and may fluctuate significantly in the future due to a variety of factors,
many of which are outside of our control.  Some of the factors that could
affect our quarterly or annual operating results include:

	*	the timing and amount of, or cancellation or rescheduling of,
            orders for our products;

	*	our ability to develop, introduce, ship and support new products
            and product enhancements and manage product transitions;

	*	announcements, new product introductions and reductions in price
            of products offered by our competitors;

	*	our ability to achieve cost reductions;

	*	our ability to obtain sufficient supplies of sole or limited
            source components for our products;

	*	our ability to achieve and maintain production volumes and
            quality levels for our products;

	*	our ability to maintain the volume of products sold and the mix
            of distribution channels through which they are sold;

	*	the loss of any one of our major customers or a significant
            reduction in orders from those customers;

      *     increased competition, particularly from larger, better
            Capitalized competitors;

	*     fluctuations in demand for our products and services; and

	*	telecommunications and wireless market conditions specifically
            and economic conditions generally.

     Due in part to factors such as the timing of product release dates,
purchase orders and product availability, significant volume shipments of
products could occur at the end of a fiscal quarter.  Failure to ship
products by the end of a quarter may adversely affect operating results.  In
the future, our customers may delay delivery schedules or cancel their orders
without notice.  Due to these and other factors, our quarterly revenue,
expenses and results of operations could vary significantly in the future,
and period-to-period comparisons should not be relied upon as indications of
future performance.

     Because some of our components, assemblies and electronics manufacturing
services are purchased from sole source suppliers or require long lead times,
our business is subject to unexpected interruptions, which could cause our
operating results to suffer.

     Some of our key components are complex to manufacture and have long lead
times.  Also, our DBS dish antennas, LNBF housings, subassemblies and some of
our electronic components are purchased from sole source vendors for which
alternative sources are not readily available.  In the event of a reduction
or interruption of supply, or a degradation in quality, as many as six months
could be required before we would begin receiving adequate supplies from
alternative suppliers, if any.  As a result, product shipments could be
delayed and revenues and results of operations could suffer.  Furthermore, if
we receive a smaller allocation of component parts than is necessary to
manufacture products in quantities sufficient to meet customer demand,
customers could choose to purchase competing products and we could lose
market share.

If we do not meet product introduction deadlines, our business could be
adversely affected.

     Our inability to develop new products or product features on a timely
basis, or the failure of new products or product features to achieve market
acceptance, could adversely affect our business.  In the past, CalAmp has
experienced design and manufacturing difficulties that have delayed the
development, introduction or marketing of new products and enhancements and
which caused them to incur unexpected expenses.  In addition, some of our
existing customers have conditioned their future purchases of our products on
the addition of product features. In the past we have experienced delays in
introducing new features.  Furthermore, in order to compete in some markets,
we will have to develop different versions of existing products that operate
at different frequencies and comply with diverse, new or varying governmental
regulations in each market.

If demand for our products fluctuates rapidly and unpredictably, it may be
difficult to manage the business efficiently which may result in reduced
gross margins and profitability.

     Our cost structure will be based in part on our expectations for future
demand.  Many costs, particularly those relating to capital equipment and
manufacturing overhead, are relatively fixed.  Rapid and unpredictable shifts
in demand for our products may make it difficult to plan production capacity
and business operations efficiently.  If demand is significantly below
expectations, we may be unable to rapidly reduce these fixed costs, which can
diminish gross margins and cause losses.  A sudden downturn may also leave us
with excess inventory, which may be rendered obsolete as products evolve
during the downturn and demand shifts to newer products.  Our ability to
reduce costs and expenses may be further constrained because we must continue
to invest in research and development to maintain our competitive position
and to maintain service and support for our existing global customer base.
Conversely, in the event of a sudden upturn, we may incur significant costs
to rapidly expedite delivery of components, procure scarce components and
outsource additional manufacturing processes.  These costs could reduce our
gross margins and overall profitability.  Any of these results could
adversely affect our business.

Because we currently sell, and we intend to grow, the sales of certain of our
products in countries other than the United States, we are subject to
different regulatory schemes.  We may not be able to develop products that
work with the standards of different countries, which could result in our
inability to sell our products, and, further, we may be subject to political,
economic, and other conditions affecting such countries that could result in
reduced sales of our products and which could adversely affect our business.

     If our sales are to grow in the longer term, we believe we must grow our
international business.  Many countries require communications equipment used
in their country to comply with unique regulations, including safety
regulations, radio frequency allocation schemes and standards.  If we cannot
develop products that work with different standards, we will be unable to
sell our products in those locations.  If compliance proves to be more
expensive or time consuming than we anticipate, our business would be
adversely affected.  Some countries have not completed their radio frequency
allocation process and therefore we do not know the standards with which we
would be forced to comply.  Furthermore, standards and regulatory
requirements are subject to change.  If we fail to anticipate or comply with
these new standards, our business and results of operations will be adversely
affected.

     Sales to customers outside the U.S. accounted for 6%, 5% and 3% of
CalAmp's total sales for the fiscal years ended February 28, 2007, 2006 and
2005, respectively.  Assuming that we continue to sell our products to such
customers, we will be subject to the political, economic and other conditions
affecting countries or jurisdictions other than the U.S., including Africa,
the Middle East, Europe and Asia.  Any interruption or curtailment of trade
between the countries in which we operate and our present trading partners,
change in exchange rates, significant shift in U.S. trade policy toward these
countries, or significant downturn in the political, economic or financial
condition of these countries, could cause demand for and sales of our
products to decrease, or subject us to increased regulation including future
import and export restrictions, any of which could adversely affect our
business.

     Additionally, a substantial portion of our components and subassemblies
are currently procured from foreign suppliers located primarily in Hong Kong,
mainland China, Taiwan, and other Pacific Rim countries.  Any significant
shift in U.S. trade policy toward these countries or a significant downturn
in the political, economic or financial condition of these countries could
cause disruption of our supply chain or otherwise disrupt operations, which
could adversely affect our business.

We may not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property, and our
competitors may be able to offer similar products and services that would
harm our competitive position.

     Other than in our DBS products business, which currently does not depend
upon patented technology, our ability to succeed in the wireless access
business may depend, in large part, upon our intellectual property for some
of our wireless products as well as software applications marketed by our
Solutions Division.  We currently rely primarily on patents, trademark and
trade secret laws, confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions to
establish and protect our intellectual property.  These mechanisms provide us
with only limited protection.  We currently hold 27 patents and have 1 patent
application pending.  As part of our confidentiality procedures, we enter
into non-disclosure agreements with all of our executive officers, managers
and supervisory employees.  Despite these precautions, third parties could
copy or otherwise obtain and use our technology without authorization, or
develop similar technology independently.  Furthermore, effective protection
of intellectual property rights is unavailable or limited in some foreign
countries.  The protection of our intellectual property rights may not
provide us with any legal remedy should our competitors independently develop
similar technology, duplicate our products and services, or design around any
intellectual property rights we hold.

We may be subject to infringement claims which may disrupt the conduct of our
business and affect our profitability.

     We may be subject to legal proceedings and claims from time to time
relating to the intellectual property of others, even though we take steps to
assure that neither our employees nor our contractors knowingly incorporate
unlicensed copyrights or trade secrets into our products.  It is possible
that third parties may claim that our products and services may infringe upon
their trademark, patent, copyright, or trade secret rights.  Any such claims,
regardless of their merit, could be time consuming, expensive, cause delays
in introducing new or improved products or services, require us to enter into
royalty or licensing agreements or require us to stop using the challenged
intellectual property.  Successful infringement claims against us may
materially disrupt the conduct of our business and affect profitability.

We may engage in future acquisitions that have adverse consequences for our
business.

     In April 2002 we completed the acquisition of the assets and business of
Kaul-Tronics, Inc., in April 2004 we completed the acquisition of Vytek, and
in April 2005 we acquired the Skybility business.  In May 2006 we acquired
Dataradio and the TechnoCom MRM product line, in March 2007 we acquired
Aircept and in April 2007 we acquired Smartlink Radio Networks.  We may make
additional acquisitions of businesses, products or technologies in the future
in order to complement our existing product offerings, augment our market
coverage or enhance our technological capabilities.  However, we cannot be
sure that we will be able to locate suitable acquisition opportunities.  The
acquisitions that we have completed and that we may complete in the future
could result in the following, any of which could seriously harm our results
of operations or the price of our stock: (1) issuances of our equity
securities that would dilute the percentage ownership of our current
stockholders; (2) large one-time write-offs; (3) the incurrence of debt and
contingent liabilities; (4) difficulties in the assimilation and integration
of the acquired companies; (5) diversion of management's attention from other
business concerns; (6) contractual disputes; (7) risks of entering geographic
and business markets in which we have no or only limited prior experience;
and (8) potential loss of key employees or customers of acquired
organizations.

Availability of radio frequencies may restrict the growth of the wireless
communications industry and demand for our products.

     Radio frequencies are required to provide wireless services.  The
allocation of frequencies is regulated in the United States and other
countries throughout the world and limited spectrum space is allocated to
wireless services.  The growth of the wireless communications industry may be
affected if adequate frequencies are not allocated or, alternatively, if new
technologies are not developed to better utilize the frequencies currently
allocated for such use.

     Industry growth has been and may continue to be affected by the
availability of licenses required to use frequencies and related costs.  Over
the last several years, frequency spectrum has been reallocated for specific
applications and the related frequency relocation costs have increased
significantly.  This significant reassignment of spectrum has slowed and may
continue to slow the growth of the industry.  Growth is slowed because some
customers have funding constraints limiting their ability to purchase new
technology to upgrade systems and the financial results for a number of
businesses have been affected by the industry's rate of growth.  Slowed
industry growth may restrict the demand for our products.

A failure to rapidly transition or to transition at all to newer digital
technologies could adversely affect our business.

     Our success, in part, will be affected by the ability of our wireless
businesses to continue their transition to newer digital technologies, and to
successfully compete in these markets and gain market share. We face intense
competition in these markets from both established companies and new
entrants. Product life cycles can be short and new products are expensive to
develop and bring to market.

We will depend upon wireless networks owned and controlled by others,
unproven business models and emerging wireless carrier models to deliver
existing services and to grow.

     If we do not have continued access to sufficient capacity on reliable
networks, we may be unable to deliver services and our sales could decrease.
Our ability to grow and achieve profitability partly depends on our ability
to buy sufficient capacity on the networks of wireless carriers and on the
reliability and security of their systems.  All of our services will be
delivered using airtime purchased from third parties.  We will depend on
these companies to provide uninterrupted service free from errors or defects
and would not be able to satisfy our customers' needs if they failed to
provide the required capacity or needed level of service.  In addition, our
expenses would increase and profitability could be materially adversely
affected if wireless carriers were to increase the prices of their services.
Our existing agreements with the wireless carriers generally have one-year
terms. Some of these wireless carriers are, or could become, our competitors,
and if they compete with us, they may refuse to provide us with their
services.

Our software may contain defects or errors, and its sales could decrease if
this injures our reputation or delays shipments of our software.

     Our current software products and platforms are complex and must meet
the stringent technical requirements of customers. Therefore, we must develop
services quickly to keep pace with the rapidly changing software and
telecommunications markets. Software as complex as that which will be offered
by us is likely to contain undetected errors or defects, especially when
first introduced or when new versions are released. Some existing contracts
related to software contain provisions that require us to repair or replace
products that fail to work. To the extent that such products are repaired or
replaced in the future, our expenses may increase, resulting in a decline in
our gross margins. In addition, our software may not be free from errors or
defects after delivery to customers has begun, which could result in the
rejection of our software or services, damage to our reputation, lost
revenue, diverted development resources and increased service and warranty
costs.

New laws and regulations that impact the industry could increase costs or
reduce opportunities for us to earn revenue.

     Except as described below under "Governmental Regulation", we are not
currently subject to direct regulation by the Federal Communications
Commission or any other governmental agency, other than regulations
applicable to Delaware corporations of similar size that are headquartered in
California. However, in the future, we may become subject to regulation by
the FCC or another regulatory agency. In addition, the wireless carriers that
supply airtime and certain hardware suppliers are subject to regulation by
the FCC and regulations that affect them could increase our costs or reduce
our ability to continue selling and supporting our services.

Governmental Regulation

     Dataradio's products are subject to certain mandatory regulatory
approvals in the United States, Canada and other countries in which it
operates.  In the United States, the Federal Communications Commission
("FCC") regulates many aspects of communication devices including radiation
electromagnetic energy, biological safety and rules for devices to be
connected to the telephone network.  In Canada, similar regulations are
administered by Industry Canada.  Although Dataradio has obtained necessary
FCC and Industry Canada approvals for all products it currently sells, there
can be no assurance that such approvals can be obtained for future products
on a timely basis, or at all.  In addition, such regulatory requirements may
change or the Company may not in the future be able to obtain all necessary
approvals from countries other than Canada or the United States in which it
currently sells its products or in which it may sell its products in the
future.

     The FCC and Industry Canada may be slow in adopting new regulations
allowing private wireless networks to deliver higher data rates in licensed
frequency bands for public safety applications.  This could adversely affect
demand for private networks as traditional private network users may opt for
public network connections for all or part of their wireless communication
needs.  This could have a material adverse effect on the Company's business,
results of operations and financial condition since Dataradio's products are
used in private networks but not public networks.


ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS

     None


ITEM 2.  PROPERTIES

     The Company's principal facilities, all leased, are as follows:

                           Square
       Location           Footage                       Use
----------------------    -------       ---------------------------------
Oxnard, California         98,000       Corporate office, Products Division
                                         offices and manufacturing plant

San Diego, California      22,000       Solutions Division offices

Carlsbad, California        6,000       Products Division's M2M offices

Oakland, California         5,000       Administrative and sales office

Chaska, Minnesota           4,000       Product design facility

Montreal, Quebec, Canada   24,000       Dataradio offices, product design
                                         and assembly operations

Atlanta, Georgia            6,000       Dataradio sales and systems
                                         engineering offices

Waseca, Minnesota          28,000       Dataradio offices and manufacturing
                                         plant

Paris, France                 150       Sales office


ITEM 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

     A lawsuit was filed against the Company on September 15, 2006 by CN
Capital, the seller of the assets of Skybility which the Company acquired in
April 2005.  The lawsuit contends that the Company owes CN Capital
approximately $1.6 million under the earn-out provision of the Skybility
Asset Purchase Agreement dated April 18, 2005.  On February 26, 2007, the
Company filed a cross-complaint against CN Capital for breach of contract,
negligent interference with prospective economic advantage, and contract
rescission.  The Company believes the lawsuit filed by CN Capital is without
merit and intends to vigorously defend against this action.  No loss accrual
has been made in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for this
matter.

     In addition to the foregoing matter, the Company from time to time is a
party, either as plaintiff or defendant, to various legal proceedings and
claims which arise in the ordinary course of business.  While the outcome of
these claims cannot be predicted with certainty, management does not believe
that the outcome of any of these legal matters will have a material adverse
effect on the Company's consolidated financial position or results of
operations.

     In May 2001, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") commenced an
investigation into the circumstances surrounding the misstatements in the
Company's consolidated financial statements for its 2000 and 2001 fiscal
years caused by its former controller.  In April 2004, the SEC concluded its
investigation and issued a cease and desist order directing the Company to
not violate federal securities laws in the future.


ITEM 4.  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

     No matters were submitted to a vote of the Company's security holders
during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2007.


                                     PART II


ITEM 5.  MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER
         MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

     The Company's Common Stock trades on The Nasdaq Global Select Market
under the ticker symbol CAMP.  The following table sets forth, for the last
two years, the quarterly high and low sale prices for the Company's Common
Stock as reported by Nasdaq:
                                                  LOW            HIGH
  Fiscal Year Ended February 28, 2007
         1st Quarter                            $ 9.00          $13.90
         2nd Quarter                              5.44            9.89
         3rd Quarter                              6.01            8.00
         4th Quarter                              7.10            9.15

  Fiscal Year Ended February 28, 2006
         1st Quarter                            $ 5.23          $ 7.62
         2nd Quarter                              6.22            8.83
         3rd Quarter                              7.58           12.26
         4th Quarter                              9.29           12.59

     At May 1, 2007 the Company had approximately 1,800 stockholders of
record.  The number of stockholders of record does not include the number of
persons having beneficial ownership held in "street name" which are estimated
to approximate 9,000.  The Company has never paid a cash dividend and has no
current plans to pay cash dividends on its Common Stock.  The Company's bank
credit agreement prohibits payment of dividends without the prior written
consent of the bank.

ITEM 6.  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

                                Year ended February 28,
                              -----------------------------------------------
                                2007      2006      2005      2004      2003
                              --------  --------  --------  --------  -------
                                  (In thousands except per share amounts)
OPERATING DATA
Revenues                      $222,339  $217,493  $220,027  $128,616  $100,044
Cost of revenues               172,938   164,747   178,649   110,950    79,511
                              --------  --------   -------   -------   -------
Gross profit                    49,401    52,746    41,378    17,666    20,533
                              --------  --------   -------   -------   -------
Operating expenses:
 Research and development       15,015     9,109     8,320     5,363     5,982
 Selling                        10,157     6,963     6,397     2,336     2,560
 General and administrative     12,377    10,700    11,499     3,880     3,685
 Intangible asset amortization   4,135     1,771     1,643       104        96
 Write-off of acquired in-
  process research and
  development                    6,850       310       471        -         -
 Impairment loss                29,848        -         -         -         -
                              --------  --------   -------   -------   -------
Total operating expenses        78,382    28,853    28,330    11,683    12,323
                              --------  --------   -------   -------   -------
Operating income (loss)        (28,981)   23,893    13,048     5,983     8,210

Other income (expense), net        574       536      (120)     (243)     (215)
                              --------  --------   -------   -------   -------
Income (loss) before
 income taxes                  (28,407)   24,429    12,928     5,740     7,995

Income tax provision            (2,781)   (9,867)   (4,852)      (26)   (2,835)
                              --------  --------   -------   -------   -------
Net income (loss)             $(31,188)  $14,562   $ 8,076   $ 5,714  $  5,160
                               =======   =======   =======    ======   =======
Earnings (loss) per share:
 Basic                        $  (1.34)  $  0.64   $  0.38   $  0.39  $   0.35
 Diluted                      $  (1.34)  $  0.62   $  0.36   $  0.37  $   0.35

                                                 February 28,
                               ----------------------------------------------
                                 2007     2006      2005      2004      2003
                               -------  -------   -------   -------   -------
                                               (In thousands)
BALANCE SHEET DATA
Current assets                $113,524  $ 99,236  $ 88,534   $67,365   $53,092

Current liabilities           $ 38,637  $ 21,873  $ 29,662   $24,722   $18,405

Working capital               $ 74,887  $ 77,368  $ 58,872   $42,643   $34,687

Current ratio                      2.9       4.5       3.0       2.7       2.9

Total assets                  $229,703  $204,346  $196,755   $98,619   $89,597

Long-term debt                $ 31,314  $  5,511  $  7,679   $ 7,690   $12,569

Stockholders' equity          $151,251  $176,109  $158,288   $65,363   $58,623

Factors affecting the year-to-year comparability of the Selected Financial
Data include business acquisitions, significant operating charges and
adoption of new accounting standards, as follows:

  *  In the first quarter of fiscal 2007, the Company acquired Dataradio
     Inc. and the TechnoCom MRM product line, and in the first quarter of
     fiscal 2005 the Company acquired Vytek, Inc., all as further described
     in Note 2 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.

  *  In the first quarter of fiscal 2007, the Company recorded charges of
     $6,850,000 for the write-off of in-process research and development
     costs in connection with the Dataradio acquisition and $29,848,000 for
     the impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets of the Solutions
     Division, as further described in Notes 2 and 5, respectively, to the
     accompanying consolidated financial statements.

  *  At the beginning of fiscal 2007, the Company adopted the provisions of
     Financial Accounting Standards Board Statement No. 123R, "Share-Based
     Payments", as further described in Note 1 of the accompanying
     consolidated financial statements under the caption "Accounting for
     Stock Options".

ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
         RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

Overview

     CalAmp is a provider of wireless communications products that enable
anytime/anywhere access to critical information, data and entertainment
content.  The Company is a leading supplier of direct broadcast satellite
(DBS) outdoor customer premise equipment to the U.S. satellite television
market.  The Company also provides wireless data communication solutions for
the telemetry and asset tracking markets, private wireless networks, public
safety communications and critical infrastructure and process control
applications.

     The Company's DBS reception products are sold primarily to the two U.S.
DBS system operators, Echostar Communications Corporation and DirecTV Group
Inc., for incorporation into complete subscription satellite television
systems.  The Company sells its other wireless access products directly to
system operators as well as through distributors and system integrators.

     On May 26, 2006 the Company acquired privately held Dataradio Inc., a
leading supplier of proprietary advanced wireless data systems, products, and
solutions for public safety, critical infrastructure and industrial control
applications, for a cash payment of Canadian $60.1 million, or U.S. $54.3
million at the effective exchange rate.  Dataradio has a diversified customer
base with no single customer accounting for more than 10% of Dataradio's
total revenue.  Dataradio has approximately 175 employees in facilities
located in Montreal, Minnesota and Georgia.  The Dataradio acquisition
expanded CalAmp's wireless data communications business while furthering the
Company's strategic goals of diversifying its customer base and expanding its
product offerings into higher-margin growth markets. Dataradio's results of
operations are included in CalAmp's fiscal 2007 results of operations for
the 40-week period from the date of acquisition through the end of fiscal
2007, during which Dataradio generated revenue of $22.8 million and gross
profit of $11.6 million.  In connection with the acquisition of Dataradio the
Company recorded a charge of $6,850,000 to write-off in-process research and
development costs of the acquired business as part of the purchase price
allocation.

     Also on May 26, 2006, the Company acquired the mobile-resource
management (MRM) product line from privately held TechnoCom Corporation for
$2.4 million in cash and an earn-out payment equal to revenues in excess of
$3,100,000 during the 12-month period following the acquisition.  This
product line is used to help track fleets of cars and trucks.  Sales of the
MRM product line are included in CalAmp's fiscal 2007 results of operations
for the 40-week period from the date of acquisition through the end of fiscal
2007, during which this product line contributed revenue of $4.3 million and
gross profit of $1.6 million.

     In April 2005, the Company acquired the business and certain assets of
Skybility, a privately held company located in Carlsbad, California, pursuant
to an Asset Purchase Agreement dated April 18, 2005.  Skybility is a
developer and supplier of embedded cellular transceivers used in telemetry
and asset tracking applications that operate on the Advanced Mobile Phone
Service (AMPS) analog network using Global Positioning Satellite (GPS)
technology.  The Skybility business operates as the Machine-to-Machine
("M2M") product line of the Company's Products Division.

     The Company's acquisition of Vytek Corporation ("Vytek") in April 2004
gave rise to goodwill of approximately $72 million.  In accordance with the
applicable accounting rules, the goodwill of $72 million was apportioned
between CalAmp's Solutions Division and Products Division because both
divisions were expected to benefit from the acquisition.  The apportionment
analysis resulted in allocating $37 million of the goodwill to the Products
Division and the remaining $35 million to the Solutions Division.  As a
result of the fiscal 2007 annual impairment test of the Solutions Division
goodwill conducted as of April 30, 2006, the Company determined that there
was an impairment of goodwill, and accordingly, an impairment charge was
recorded in fiscal 2007 in the amount of $29,012,000. In addition, the
Company recorded an $836,000 impairment charge related to the other
intangible assets arising from the Vytek acquisition.  The impairment charges
reflect the declining revenues associated with the Solutions Division's
information technology professional consulting business, due primarily to the
inability of the Solutions Division to generate new recurring revenue streams
to grow the business.

     The Company's revenue consists principally of sales of satellite
television outdoor reception equipment for the U.S. DBS industry, which
accounted for 70%, 78% and 84% of consolidated revenue in fiscal years 2007,
2006 and 2005, respectively.  The DBS system operators have approximately 29%
share of the total subscription television market in the U.S.  In calendar
2006, the size of the U.S. DBS market grew by 7% from 27.2 million
subscribers to approximately 29.1 million subscribers at December 31, 2006.

     The demand for the Company's products has been affected in the past, and
may continue to be affected in the future, by various factors, including, but
not limited to, the following:

 *  the timing, rescheduling or cancellation of orders from one of
    CalAmp's key customers in CalAmp's satellite products business and the
    Company's ability, as well as the ability of its customers, to manage
    inventory;

 *  the rate of growth in the overall subscriber base in the U.S. DBS
    Market;

 *  the economic and market conditions in the wireless communications
    markets;

 *  CalAmp's ability to specify, develop or acquire, complete, introduce,
    market and transition to volume production new products and
    technologies in a timely manner;

 *  the rate at which CalAmp's present and future customers and end-users
    adopt the Company's products and technologies in its target markets; and

 *  the qualification, availability and pricing of competing products and
    technologies and the resulting effects on sales and pricing of the
    Company's products.

     For these and other reasons, the Company's net revenue in fiscal 2007
may not necessarily be indicative of future years' revenue amounts.  From
time to time, the Company's key customers significantly reduce their product
orders, or may place significantly larger orders, either of which can cause
the Company's quarterly revenues to fluctuate significantly.  The Company
expects these fluctuations to continue in the future.

     Significant opportunities for the Company include increasing the
Company's market share for outdoor reception equipment in the U.S. DBS market
and expanding its presence in wireless industry market segments for both
fixed and mobile wireless applications.  The Company's principal challenges
include maintaining and improving Products Division gross margins and
eliminating operating losses in the Solutions Division.

Basis of Presentation

     The Company uses a 52-53 week fiscal year ending on the Saturday closest
to February 28, which for fiscal years 2007, 2006 and 2005 fell on March 3,
2007, February 25, 2006 and February 26, 2005, respectively.  In these
consolidated financial statements, the fiscal year end for all years is shown
as February 28 for clarity of presentation.  Fiscal 2007 consisted of 53
weeks, while fiscal years 2006 and 2005 each consisted of 52 weeks.

Critical Accounting Policies

     The Company's discussion and analysis of its financial condition and
results of operations are based upon the Company's consolidated financial
statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America.  The preparation of these
financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of
contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and
the reported amounts of sales and expenses during the reporting periods.
Areas where significant judgments are made include, but are not limited to:
allowance for doubtful accounts, inventory valuation, product warranties, the
deferred tax asset valuation allowance, and the valuation of long-lived
assets and goodwill.  Actual results could differ materially from these
estimates.

     Allowance for Doubtful Accounts

     The Company establishes an allowance for estimated bad debts based upon
a review and evaluation of specific customer accounts identified as known and
expected collection problems, based on historical experience, or due to
insolvency, disputes or other collection issues.  As further described in
Note 1 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements, the Company's
customer base is quite concentrated, with two customers accounting for 66% of
the Company's fiscal 2007 sales.  Changes in either a key customer's
financial position, or the economy as a whole, could cause actual write-offs
to be materially different from the recorded allowance amount.

     Inventories

     The Company evaluates the carrying value of inventory on a quarterly
basis to determine if the carrying value is recoverable at estimated selling
prices.  To the extent that estimated selling prices do not exceed the
associated carrying values, inventory carrying amounts are written down.  In
addition, the Company generally treats inventory on hand or committed with
suppliers, which is not expected to be sold within the next 12 months, as
excess and thus appropriate write-downs of the inventory carrying amounts are
established through a charge to cost of sales.  Estimated usage in the next
12 months is based on firm demand represented by orders in backlog at the end
of the quarter and management's estimate of sales beyond existing backlog,
giving consideration to customers' forecasted demand, ordering patterns and
product life cycles.  Significant reductions in product pricing, or changes
in technology and/or demand may necessitate additional write-downs of
inventory carrying value in the future.

     Product Warranties

     The Company provides for the estimated cost of product warranties at the
time revenue is recognized.  While it engages in extensive product quality
programs and processes, including actively monitoring and evaluating the
quality of its component suppliers, the Company's warranty obligation is
affected by product failure rates and material usage and service delivery
costs incurred in correcting a product failure.  Should actual product
failure rates, material usage or service delivery costs differ from
management's estimates, revisions to the estimated warranty liability would
be required.

     Deferred Income Tax Valuation Allowance

     Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary
differences between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities for
financial reporting purposes and for income tax purposes.  A deferred income
tax asset is recognized if realization of such asset is more likely than not,
based upon the weight of available evidence that includes historical
operating performance and the Company's forecast of future operating
performance.  The Company evaluates the realizability of its deferred income
tax asset on a quarterly basis, and a valuation allowance is provided, as
necessary, in accordance with the provisions of Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes".  During this
evaluation, the Company reviews its forecasts of income in conjunction with
the positive and negative evidence surrounding the realizability of its
deferred income tax asset to determine if a valuation allowance is needed.

     At February 28, 2007, the Company had an aggregate deferred tax credit
balance of $2,814,000.  The current portion of this amount is a deferred tax
asset of $4,637,000 and the noncurrent portion is a deferred tax liability of
$7,451,000.  The noncurrent portion of deferred income taxes is comprised
primarily of (i) a deferred tax liability of $4,878,000 associated with
acquired intangible assets of Dataradio and (ii) a deferred tax liability of
$2,863,000 related to goodwill arising from certain acquisitions in prior
years that is amortizable for income tax purposes but not for financial
reporting purposes.

     Vytek, which was acquired by the Company in April 2004, has tax loss
carryforwards and other tax assets that the Company believes will be
utilizable to some extent in the future, subject to change of ownership
limitations pursuant to Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code and to the
ability of the combined post-merger company to generate sufficient taxable
income to utilize the benefits before the expiration of the applicable
carryforward periods.  At February 28, 2007, the Company has a deferred tax
asset valuation allowance of $1,841,000 relating to the assets acquired in
the Vytek purchase.  If in the future a portion or all of the $1,841,000
valuation allowance is no longer deemed to be necessary, reductions of the
valuation allowance will decrease the goodwill balance associated with the
Solutions Division.  Conversely, if in the future the Company were to change
its realization probability assessment to less than 50%, the Company would
provide an additional valuation allowance for all or a portion of the net
deferred income tax asset, which would increase the income tax provision.

      The Company also has deferred tax assets for Canadian income tax
purposes arising from the acquisition of Dataradio amounting to $3,375,000 at
February 28, 2007, which relate primarily to research and development tax
credits for Canadian federal and Quebec provincial income taxes.  Of this
total Canadian deferred tax assets amount, $2,196,000 existed at the time of
the Dataradio acquisition in May 2006 and $1,179,000 arose subsequent to the
acquisition.  The Company has provided a 100% valuation allowance against
these Canadian deferred tax assets at February 28, 2007.  If in the future a
portion or all of the $3,375,000 valuation allowance for the Canadian
deferred tax assets is no longer deemed to be necessary, reductions of the
valuation allowance up to $2,196,000 will decrease the goodwill balance
associated with the Dataradio acquisition, and reductions of the valuation
allowance in excess of $2,196,000 will reduce the income tax provision.

     Goodwill, Purchased Intangible Assets and Other Long-Lived Assets -
     Impairment Assessments

     The Company makes judgments about the recoverability of purchased
intangible assets and other long-lived assets whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that an other-than-temporary impairment in the
remaining value of the assets recorded on the balance sheet may exist.  The
Company tests the impairment of goodwill annually or more frequently if
indicators of impairment arise.  Goodwill of the Products Division and
Solutions Division is tested annually for impairment on December 31 and April
30, respectively.  In order to estimate the fair value of long-lived assets,
the Company typically makes various assumptions about the future prospects
for the business that the asset relates to, considers market factors specific
to that business and estimates future cash flows to be generated by that
business.  Based on these assumptions and estimates, the Company determines
whether it needs to record an impairment charge to reduce the value of the
asset stated on the balance sheet to reflect its estimated fair value.
Assumptions and estimates about future values and remaining useful lives are
complex and often subjective.  They can be affected by a variety of factors,
including external factors such as industry and economic trends, and internal
factors such as changes in the Company's business strategy and its internal
forecasts.  Although management believes the assumptions and estimates that
have been made in the past have been reasonable and appropriate, different
assumptions and estimates could materially impact the Company's reported
financial results.  More conservative assumptions of the anticipated future
benefits from these businesses could result in impairment charges, which
would decrease net income and result in lower asset values on the balance
sheet.  Conversely, less conservative assumptions could result in smaller or
no impairment charges, higher net income and higher asset values.  In fiscal
2007, the Company recorded impairment charges on goodwill and other
intangible assets of the Solutions Division of $29,012,000 and $836,000,
respectively, as further described in Note 5.  At February 28, 2007, the
Company had $90 million in goodwill and $18.6 million in net purchased
intangible assets on its balance sheet.

     Revenue Recognition

     The Company recognizes revenue from product sales when persuasive
evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the sales price is
fixed or determinable and collection of the sales price is probable.  In
cases where terms of sale include subjective customer acceptance criteria,
revenue is deferred until the acceptance criteria are met.  Critical
judgments made by management related to revenue recognition include the
determination of whether or not customer acceptance criteria are perfunctory
or inconsequential.  The determination of whether or not the customer
acceptance terms are perfunctory or inconsequential impacts the amount and
timing of revenue recognized.  Critical judgments also include estimates of
warranty reserves, which are established based on historical experience and
knowledge of the product.

     The Company also undertakes projects that include the design,
development and manufacture of public safety communication systems that are
specially customized to customers' specifications or that involve fixed site
construction.  Sales under such contracts are recorded under the percentage-
of-completion method in accordance with Statement of Position No. 81-1
"Accounting for Performance of Construction-Type and Certain Production-Type
Contracts."  Costs and estimated revenues are recorded as work is performed
based on the percentage that incurred costs bear to estimated total costs
utilizing the most recent estimates of costs.  If the current contract
estimate indicates a loss, provision is made for the total anticipated loss
in the current period.  Critical estimates made by management related to
revenue recognition under the percentage-of-completion method include the
estimation of costs at completion and the determination of the overall margin
rate on the specific project.

Recent Developments

     During fiscal 2007, the Company received notification from Echostar, its
largest customer, that it was encountering field performance issues with a
DBS product that the Company shipped during calendar years 2004 through 2006.
After examining the various component parts used in the manufacture of these
products, it was determined by the Company that the performance issues were
the result of a deterioration of the laminate material used in the printed
circuit boards of these products.  During fiscal 2007, Echostar returned
approximately 250,000 units to the Company for testing and possible rework,
the majority of which were received by the Company during the fourth quarter
of fiscal 2007.  An additional 113,000 units have been returned by Echostar
to the Company subsequent to fiscal 2007, and it is possible that additional
units may be returned to the Company in the future.

     From the time the problem was isolated to the laminate material until
March 2007, the Company worked with the supplier of the laminate material and
with Echostar to identify a corrective action.  Notwithstanding these
efforts, on March 26, 2007 the laminate supplier filed a Complaint for
Declaratory Relief in the State of Massachusetts in which it claimed that it
is not responsible for the field performance issues of these DBS products.

     Also in March 2007, the Company learned that Echostar had awarded its
orders for this DBS product for future requirements beginning in June 2007 to
other suppliers.  The Company believes that the field performance issues were
the primary reason for the loss of this business.  The Company has continued
to work with Echostar to mitigate the impact of these performance issues and
to identify and implement a corrective action plan.  The Company believes
that this matter will adversely affect its sales volume with Echostar for
fiscal 2008.

     On May 16, 2007, the Company filed a lawsuit against the laminate
supplier in the U.S. District Court for the Central District of California
for negligence, strict product liability, intentional misrepresentation and
negligent interference with prospective economic advantage, among other
causes of action.

     The Company has established a warranty reserve as of February 28, 2007
that it believes is adequate to cover the resolution of these field
performance issues with Echostar.  However, if the ultimate resolution of
this matter causes the reserve amount to be exceeded, it could have a
material adverse effect on the Company's financial position and results of
operations.

Results of Operations, Fiscal Years 2005 Through 2007

     The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the
percentage of revenues represented by items included in the Company's
consolidated statements of operations:
                                         Year Ended February 28,
                                      ----------------------------
                                       2007       2006       2005
                                      ------     ------     ------
Revenues                               100.0%     100.0%     100.0%
Cost of revenues                        77.8       75.7       81.2
                                       -----      -----      -----
Gross profit                            22.2       24.3       18.8
                                       -----      -----      -----
Operating expenses:
  Research and development               6.7        4.2        3.8
  Selling                                4.5        3.2        2.9
  General and administrative             5.6        4.9        5.2
  Intangible asset amortization          1.9        0.8        0.8
  Write-off of acquired in-process
   research and development              3.1        0.2        0.2
  Impairment loss                       13.4         -          -
                                       -----      -----      -----
Operating income (loss)                (13.0)      11.0        5.9
Other income (expense), net              0.2        0.2         -
                                       -----      -----      -----
Income (loss) before income taxes      (12.8)      11.2        5.9
Income tax provision                    (1.2)      (4.5)      (2.2)
                                       -----      -----      -----
Net income (loss)                      (14.0%)      6.7%       3.7%
                                       =====      =====      =====



     The Company's revenue, gross profit and operating income (loss) by
business segment for the last three years are as follows:


                                       REVENUE BY SEGMENT

                                     Year Ended February 28,
                   --------------------------------------------------------
                         2007                 2006              2005
                   ---------------      ---------------     ---------------
    Segment                  % of                 % of                % of
  (Division)        $000s    Total       $000s    Total      $000s    Total
  -----------      -------   -----      -------   -----     -------   -----
Products          $213,204    95.9%    $196,908    90.5%   $194,835    88.6%
Solutions            9,135     4.1%      20,585     9.5%     25,192    11.4
                   -------   -----      -------   -----     -------   -----
Total             $222,339   100.0%    $217,493   100.0%   $220,027   100.0%
                   =======   =====      =======   =====     =======   =====

     The Products Division generates a substantial portion of its revenue
from the sale of outdoor reception equipment for use with subscription
satellite television programming services.  Such products accounted for
approximately 73%, 86% and 95% of total Products Division revenues in fiscal
years 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively.

                                    GROSS PROFIT BY SEGMENT

                                     Year Ended February 28,
                   --------------------------------------------------------
                         2007                 2006              2005
                   ---------------      ---------------     ---------------
    Segment                  % of                 % of                % of
  (Division)        $000s    Total       $000s    Total      $000s    Total
  -----------      -------   -----      -------   -----     -------   -----
Products          $ 45,537    92.2%    $ 45,589    86.4%    $35,765    86.4%
Solutions            3,864     7.8%       7,157    13.6%      5,613    13.6
                   -------   -----      -------   -----      ------   -----
Total             $ 49,401   100.0%    $ 52,746   100.0%    $41,378   100.0%
                   =======   =====      =======   =====      ======   =====


                               OPERATING INCOME (LOSS) BY SEGMENT

                                     Year Ended February 28,
                   --------------------------------------------------------
                         2007                 2006              2005
                   ---------------      ---------------     ---------------
                             % of                 % of                % of
   Segment                   Total                Total               Total
  (Division)        $000s   Revenue      $000s   Revenue     $000s   Revenue
-----------        -------   -----      -------   -----     -------   -----
Products          $  9,800     4.4%    $ 31,361    14.4%    $25,316    11.5%
Solutions          (32,928)  (14.8%)     (3,190)   (1.5%)    (8,051)   (3.7%)
Corporate expenses  (5,853)   (2.6%)     (4,278)   (1.9%)    (4,217)   (1.9%)
                   -------   -----      -------   -----      ------   -----
Total             $(28,981)  (13.0%)   $ 23,893    11.0%    $13,048     5.9%
                   =======   =====      =======   =====      ======   =====


     The Products Division operating income in fiscal 2007 includes a charge
of $6,850,000 to write-off in-process research and development costs
associated with the Dataradio acquisition.  The Solutions Division operating
loss in fiscal 2007 includes the goodwill impairment charge of $29,012,000
and intangible assets impairment charge of $836,000 as discussed above.

Fiscal Year 2007 compared to Fiscal Year 2006

     As further discussed under the caption "Basis of Presentation" above,
fiscal years 2007 and 2006 contained 53 weeks and 52 weeks, respectively, as
a result of the Company's 52-53 week fiscal year method.  The Company
believes that the inclusion of the one additional week in fiscal 2007 does
not materially affect the comparability of the operating results between
these two periods.

Revenue

     Products Division revenue increased $16,296,000, or 8.3%, to
$213,204,000 in fiscal 2007 from $196,908,000 in fiscal 2006.  The operations
of Dataradio and the TechnoCom MRM product line that were acquired in May
2006 contributed revenues of $22,821,000 and $4,335,000, respectively, for
the 40-week period from date of acquisition to the end of fiscal 2007, while
revenue of the Products Division excluding the operating results of Dataradio
and the TechnoCom (hereinafter referred to as the "Pre-existing Products
Division") declined by $10,860,000 in fiscal 2007 compared to fiscal 2006.
Revenues from the sale of DBS products of the Pre-existing Products Division
declined by $15,376,000, or 9%, while sales of other wireless products and
services increased by $4,516,000 year-over-year.  The decline in DBS products
revenue is attributable to a decrease in unit sales volume of approximately
16% from fiscal 2006 to fiscal 2007, partially offset by an increase in
average selling prices per unit of approximately 6%.

     Revenue of the Solutions Division decreased $11,450,000, or 56%, to
$9,135,000 in fiscal 2007 from $20,585,000 in fiscal 2006.  The revenue
decline is primarily the result of the loss of key customers in the Solutions
Division's information technology professional consulting business which led
to management's decision to exit this business at the end of first quarter of
fiscal 2007.  The information technology professional consulting business
generated revenue of approximately $9 million in fiscal 2006.  Revenue of the
Solutions Division for fiscal 2007 is less than 5% of the Company's
consolidated revenue.

     Gross Profit and Gross Margins

     Products Division gross profit decreased slightly in fiscal 2007 to
$45,537,000 from $45,589,000 in fiscal 2006.  This change is the net result
of a decrease of $13.2 million in the gross profit of the Pre-existing
Products Division from fiscal 2006 to fiscal 2007 and the gross profit
contribution of Dataradio and the TechnoCom product line of $13.2 million for
the 40-week period from the date of acquisition to the end of fiscal 2007.
Gross profit of the Pre-existing Products Division declined in fiscal 2007
compared to fiscal 2006 because of the $10,860,000 decline in revenue and a
shift in product mix toward lower margin end-of-life DBS products.  In
addition, freight costs for incoming materials of the Pre-existing Products
Division was $4.4 million higher in fiscal 2007 compared to the fiscal 2006
because of the Company's decision to expedite materials in order to meet
customer requirements in response to supply chain disruptions and demand
volatility.  Based on information currently available to the Company,
management does not believe that this higher level of freight costs will
exist in fiscal 2008.

     The Products Division gross margin in fiscal 2007 was 21.4% compared to
23.2% in fiscal 2006.  In fiscal 2007, Dataradio and the TechnoCom product
line generated an aggregate gross margin of 48.6% and the Pre-existing
Products Division generated a gross margin of 17.4%.  The decline in gross
margin of the Pre-existing Products Division is primarily the result of
higher freight costs and lower margins on final shipments of end-of-life DBS
products.

     Solutions Division gross profit in fiscal 2007 decreased $3,293,000, or
46%, from fiscal 2006.  The decline in gross profit is primarily attributable
to the loss of key customers within the Solutions Division which led to
management's decision to exit the professional consulting business in the
first quarter of fiscal 2007.  The Solutions Division gross margin was 42.3%
and 34.8% in fiscal years 2007 and 2006, respectively.  This increase is
primarily due to a change in revenue mix favoring higher margin software
products, and the elimination of the aforementioned lower margin business.

     See also Note 13 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements
for additional operating data by business segment.

     Operating Expenses

     Consolidated research and development expense increased $5,906,000 from
$9,109,000 in fiscal 2006 to $15,015,000 in fiscal 2007.  R&D expense of
Dataradio, which was acquired in the first quarter of fiscal 2007, accounted
for substantially all of this increase.

     Consolidated selling expenses increased by $3,194,000 from $6,963,000
last year to $10,157,000 this year.  This increase is primarily the result of
Dataradio's fiscal 2007 selling expenses of $4.2 million and a reduction of
$1.5 million in the selling expenses of the Solutions Division resulting from
the aforementioned management actions.

     Consolidated general and administrative expenses ("G&A") increased
$1,677,000 from $10,700,000 last year to $12,377,000 this year.  This change
is primarily attributable to stock-based compensation expense included in
fiscal 2007 G&A of $1,571,000 and Dataradio's G&A of $1,337,000, partially
offset by a reduction of the Solutions Division's G&A of $1,700,000.

     Amortization of intangibles increased from $1,771,000 in fiscal 2006 to
$4,135,000 in fiscal 2007.  The increase was primarily attributable to
amortization expense on identifiable intangible assets from the acquisitions
of Dataradio and the TechnoCom MRM product line.

     The in-process research and development ("IPR&D") write-off increased to
$6,850,000 in fiscal 2007 from $310,000 last year.  Last year's IPR&D write-
off was related to the acquisition of Skybility and this year's IPR&D write-
off was related to the acquisition of Dataradio.

     The impairment loss totaling $29,848,000 recorded in fiscal 2007 was the
result of the annual goodwill impairment test for the Solutions Division, as
discussed above in the "Overview" section.

     Operating Income (Loss)

     The fiscal 2007 operating loss was $28,981,000, compared to operating
income of $23,893,000 in fiscal 2006.  The fiscal 2007 operating loss is
attributable to the $6,850,000 write-off of IPR&D associated with the
Dataradio acquisition and the Solutions Division's goodwill and intangible
assets impairment losses totaling $29,848,000, the exit of the professional
consulting business within the Solutions segment, incremental operating
expenses associated with the aforementioned fiscal 2007 acquisitions, and
share-based compensation expense of $2,213,000 recorded in fiscal 2007
pursuant to FAS 123R.

     Non-Operating Income (Expense), Net

     Non-operating income in fiscal 2007 was $574,000, compared to $536,000
in fiscal 2006.  This increase is primarily attributable to a gain of
$689,000 realized on foreign currency hedging activities in connection with
the acquisition of Dataradio, for which the purchase price was denominated in
Canadian dollars.  Interest income was $517,000 higher in fiscal 2007 than
the prior year due to higher average cash balances and higher interest rates
this year.  These increases in non-operating income were partially offset by
interest expense that was $1,534,000 higher in fiscal 2007 than the prior
year due to the new bank borrowing described in Note 6 to the accompanying
consolidated financial statements.

     Income Tax Provision

     The effective income tax rate was (9.8%) and 40.4% in fiscal years 2007
and 2006, respectively.  Excluding the items that are not deductible in
computing book-basis income tax expense (goodwill impairment loss of
$29,012,000 and IPR&D write-off of $6,850,000), the effective income tax rate
for fiscal 2007 was 37.3%.  The decline in effective tax rate from 40.4% in
fiscal 2006 to 37.3% in fiscal 2007 is primarily attributable to the
recognition of research and development credits for state income taxes.

Fiscal Year 2006 compared to Fiscal Year 2005

     Revenue

     Products Division revenue increased $2,073,000, or 1%, to $196,908,000
in fiscal 2006 from $194,835,000 in fiscal 2005.  Sales of wireless products,
primarily radio modules to a legacy customer of Vytek, increased $9.1 million
over fiscal 2005.  Sales of M2M products, the product line acquired from
Skybility in April 2005, contributed a revenue increase of $7.4 million in
fiscal 2006.  These increases were substantially offset by a decline in DBS
product revenue of $14.4 million from fiscal 2005 to 2006.  The decline in
DBS revenue was attributable to a significant shift in product mix.  There
was a 55% decline in unit sales of older generation DBS products that have
low average selling prices (less than $25 per unit) which represented an
aggregate $39 million decline in DBS revenue, and a 44% increase in unit
sales of higher complexity new generation products with higher average
selling prices (more than $50 per unit) which represented an aggregate $17
million increase in DBS revenue.  Increased sales of DBS products with medium
average selling prices (between $25 and $50 per unit) and DBS mounting
hardware products accounted for the remainder of the net change in year-over-
year DBS revenue.

     Revenue of the Solutions Division decreased $4,607,000, or 18%, to
$20,585,000 in fiscal 2006 from $25,192,000 in fiscal 2005.  The revenue
decrease is primarily the result of the Company's actions to eliminate lower
margin business in fiscal 2006 in order to reduce operating losses in this
division.

     Gross Profit and Gross Margins

     Products Division gross profit increased by $9,824,000, or 28%, in
fiscal 2006 compared to fiscal 2005.  The Products Division gross margin
improved from 18.4% in fiscal 2005 to 23.2% in fiscal 2006.  The gross profit
and margin improvement were mainly due to increased sales of higher-margin
products, primarily M2M products, radio modules and latest generation DBS
products.

     Solutions Division gross profit increased $1,544,000, or 28%, and gross
margin improved from 22.3% in fiscal 2005 to 34.8% in fiscal 2006.  A
revenue mix favoring higher margin software products resulted in
significantly improved gross margin in fiscal 2006.

     Operating Expenses

     Consolidated research and development expense ("R&D") increased by
$789,000 to $9,109,000 in fiscal 2006 from $8,320,000 in fiscal 2005.  The
Products Division increased its R&D spending by $1.9 million primarily in
connection with product development costs relating to the M2M product line
that was acquired in April 2005.  The Solutions Division reduced its R&D
spending by approximately $1 million.  The Solutions Division's R&D spending
is primarily in the development of software products.

     Consolidated selling expenses increased by $566,000 from $6,397,000 in
fiscal 2005 to $6,963,000 in fiscal 2006, primarily attributable to the
Products Division.  The inclusion of M2M selling expenses in fiscal 2006 as a
result of the acquisition of the Skybility business in April 2005 accounted
for substantially all of this increase.

     Consolidated G&A decreased by $799,000 to $10,700,000 in fiscal 2006
from $11,499,000 in fiscal 2005.  The decrease is attributable to a reduction
of Solutions Division G&A of $1.8 million as a result of actions taken to
improve the cost structure of this Division, partially offset by an increase
in Products Division G&A of $1 million, mainly from higher payroll related
expenses.

     Amortization expense of intangible assets was $1,771,000 in fiscal 2006
compared to $1,643,000 in fiscal 2005.  The increase is attributable to
amortization expense related to the intangible assets arising from the April
2005 acquisition of the M2M product line.

     The IPR&D write-off decreased by $161,000 to $310,000 in fiscal 2006
from $471,000 in fiscal 2005.  The fiscal 2005 IPR&D write-off was related to
the acquisition of Vytek, while the fiscal 2006 IPR&D write-off was related
to the acquisition of the M2M product line.  See also Note 2 to the
accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information on
the M2M product line.

     Operating Income

     Operating income increased by $10,845,000 to $23,893,000 in fiscal 2006
from $13,048,000 in fiscal 2005.  These results were driven by improved gross
margins in both the Products and Solutions Divisions.  The Products
Division's higher gross profit, as discussed above under the headings
"Revenue" and "Gross Profit and Gross Margins", partially offset by the
Products Division's higher operating expenses, contributed to the increase in
operating income.  The Solutions Division also showed an improvement in its
operating results in fiscal 2006, reducing its operating loss by about 60%
compared to fiscal 2005, which is the result of this Division focusing its
efforts on attracting higher margin business and changing its cost structure
primarily through workforce reductions.  Management is closely monitoring the
performance of this business unit with the objective of achieving profitable
results for the Solutions Division as soon as possible.

     Income Tax Provision

     The effective income tax rate was 40.4% and 37.5% in fiscal years 2006
and 2005, respectively.  During fiscal year 2005, the deferred tax asset
valuation allowance was reduced by $630,000 which had the effect of reducing
income tax expense in fiscal 2005.  In fiscal 2006, the deferred tax asset
valuation allowance was reduced by $51,000.  Because this valuation allowance
relates to tax assets acquired in the Vytek purchase, this $51,000 was
recorded as a reduction of goodwill and did not impact fiscal 2006 income tax
expense.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

      The Company's primary sources of liquidity are its cash and cash
equivalents, which amounted to $37,537,000 at February 28, 2007, and its $10
million working capital line of credit with a bank.  As discussed above under
"Recent Developments", in March and April 2007 the Company used cash on hand
in the aggregate amount of $27.1 million to consummate the acquisitions of
Aircept and Smartlink Radio Networks.

     During fiscal year 2007, cash and cash equivalents decreased by
$8,246,000.  This net decrease consisted of cash used in investing activities
of $53,111,000 (principally for the acquisition of Dataradio) and debt
repayments of $11,421,000, partially offset by cash provided by operating
activities of $16,723,000, proceeds of long-term debt of $38,000,000,
proceeds from stock option exercises of $1,397,000 and other net activity of
$166,000.

      Cash was used by an increase in operating working capital during fiscal
2007 in the aggregate amount of $1,006,000, comprised of an increase of
$3,755,000 in accounts receivable, an increase of $2,059,000 in inventories,
an increase of $2,689,000 in prepaid expenses and other assets and a decrease
in accrued liabilities of $3,995,000, partially offset by increases in
accounts payable and deferred revenue of $12,962,000 and $542,000,
respectively.

      The Company believes that inflation and foreign currency exchange rates
did not have a material effect on its operations in fiscal 2007.

     On May 26, 2006, the Company entered into a Credit Agreement (the
"Credit Agreement") with Bank of Montreal, as administrative agent, and the
other financial institutions that from time to time may become parties to the
Credit Agreement.  The credit facility is comprised of a term loan and a $10
million working capital line of credit.

      The Company initially borrowed $35 million under the term loan and $3
million under the line of credit.  Borrowings are secured by substantially
all of the assets of CalAmp Corp. and its domestic subsidiaries.  Of the
total proceeds of $38 million, $7 million was used to pay off the Company's
existing loans with US Bank and the remaining $31 million, plus cash on hand
of approximately $23 million, was used to fund the purchase price for the
Dataradio acquisition as described in Note 2 of the consolidated financial
statements.  In the fiscal 2007 third quarter, the Company made a principal
repayment of $750,000 on the term loan and repaid in full the $3,000,000
principal balance of the line of credit.  At February 28, 2007, $2,375,000 of
the line of credit was reserved for outstanding irrevocable stand-by letters
of credit, and $7,625,000 was available to borrow.

     The term loan principal is payable in quarterly installments on the last
day of March, June, September and December in each year commencing on March
31, 2007 with a final payment of $8,563,000 on May 26, 2011.  The maturity
date of the line of credit is also May 26, 2011.  Scheduled principal
payments by fiscal year are as follows:

     Fiscal Year           Term Loan
     -----------           ---------
       2008              $ 2,936,000
       2009                4,893,000
       2010                6,850,000
       2011                8,807,000
       2012               10,764,000
                          ----------
                         $34,250,000
                         ===========

      At the Company's option, borrowings under the Credit Agreement bear
interest at bank's prime rate ("Prime Based Loans") plus a margin ranging
from 0% to 0.25% (the "Prime Rate Margin") or LIBOR ("LIBOR Based Loans")
plus a margin ranging from 0.75% to 1.25% (the "LIBOR Margin").  The Prime
Rate Margin and the LIBOR Margin vary depending on the Company's ratio of
debt to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization and other
noncash charges (the "Leverage Ratio").  Interest is payable on the last day
of the calendar quarter for Prime Based Loans and at the end of the fixed
rate LIBOR period (ranging from 1 to 12 months) in the case of LIBOR Based
Loans.

      The Credit Agreement contains certain financial covenants and ratios
that the Company is required to maintain, including a fixed charge coverage
ratio of not less than 1.50, a leverage ratio of not more than 2.75, and
minimum net worth of at least $141,394,000.  At February 28, 2007, the
Company was in compliance with all such covenants.

      The Credit Agreement includes customary affirmative and negative
covenants including, without limitation, negative covenants regarding
additional indebtedness, investments, maintenance of the business, liens,
guaranties, transfers and sales of assets, and the payment of dividends and
other restricted payments.  The Credit Agreement also contains certain events
of default, including the failure to make timely payments under the Credit
Agreement or other material indebtedness and the failure to adhere to certain
covenants, that would permit the bank to accelerate borrowings under the
Credit Agreement in the event that a default were to occur and not be cured
within applicable grace periods.

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

     The Company has no off-balance sheet arrangements.

Contractual Obligations

     Following is a summary of the Company's contractual cash obligations as
of February 28, 2007 (in thousands):

                         Payments Due by Period
                     -------------------------------
Contractual         1 year     2-3     4-5   More than
  Obligations       or less   years   years   5 years    Total
---------------      ------ -------  ------   -------   -------
Debt               $ 2,936  $11,743  $19,571      -     $34,250
Capital leases           9       -        -       -           9
Operating leases     2,420    3,863    1,908       23     8,214
Purchase
 obligations        38,397       35       39       -     38,471
                   -------  -------   ------   -------  -------
Total contractual
 cash obligations  $43,762  $15,641  $21,518       23   $80,944
                   =======  =======  =======   =======  =======

     Purchase obligations consist of obligations under non-cancelable
purchase orders, primarily for inventory purchases of raw materials,
components and subassemblies.

     The Company believes that its cash on hand, its cash generated from
operations and the amount available under its working capital line of credit,
are collectively sufficient to support operations, fund capital equipment
requirements and discharge contractual cash obligations for at least the next
12 months.

New Authoritative Pronouncements

     See Note 1 of the accompanying consolidated financial statements for a
description of new authoritative accounting pronouncements either recently
adopted or which had not yet been adopted by the Company as of the end of
fiscal 2007

Forward Looking Statements

     Forward looking statements in this Form 10-K which include, without
limitation, statements relating to the Company's plans, strategies,
objectives, expectations, intentions, projections and other information
regarding future performance, are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions
of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  The words "may",
"will", "could", "plans", "intends", "seeks", "believes", "anticipates",
"expects", "estimates", "judgment", "goal", and variations of these words and
similar expressions, are intended to identify forward-looking statements.
These forward-looking statements reflect the Company's current views with
respect to future events and financial performance and are subject to certain
risks and uncertainties, including, without limitation, product demand,
market growth, new competition, competitive pricing and continued pricing
declines in the DBS market, supplier constraints, manufacturing yields, the
ability to manage cost increases in inventory materials including raw steel,
timing and market acceptance of new product introductions, the Company's
ability to harness new technologies in a competitively advantageous manner,
the Company's success at integrating its acquired businesses, and other risks
and uncertainties that are set forth under the caption "Risk Factors" in Part
I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  Such risks and uncertainties
could cause actual results to differ materially from historical results or
those anticipated.  Although the Company believes the expectations reflected
in such forward-looking statements are based upon reasonable assumptions, it
can give no assurance that its expectations will be attained.  The Company
undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements,
whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

     The Company's primary market risk exposure is interest rate risk.  At
February 28, 2007, the Company's term debt and credit facility with its bank
are subject to variable interest rates.  The Company monitors its debt and
interest bearing cash equivalents levels to mitigate the risk of interest
rate fluctuations.  A fluctuation of one percent in interest rates related to
the Company's outstanding variable rate debt would not have a material
impact on the Company's consolidated statement of operations.

<page>

ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

     MANAGEMENT'S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING

      The management of CalAmp Corp. is responsible for establishing and
maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting.

      CalAmp Corp. management has assessed the effectiveness of the Company's
internal control over financial reporting as of February 28, 2007.  In making
this assessment, management used criteria set forth by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal
Control -Integrated Framework.  Based on its assessment, management of
CalAmp Corp. believes that, as of February 28, 2007, the Company's internal
control over financial reporting is effective based on those criteria.

      CalAmp Corp. acquired Dataradio Inc. on May 26, 2006, and as permitted
by the guidance issued by the Office of the Chief Accountant of the
Securities and Exchange Commission, management excluded from its assessment
of the effectiveness of CalAmp Corp.'s internal control over financial
reporting as of February 28, 2007, Dataradio Inc.'s internal control over
financial reporting associated with total assets of $56,396,000 and total
revenues of $22,821,000 included in the consolidated financial statements of
CalAmp Corp. and subsidiaries as of and for the year ended February 28, 2007.

      KPMG LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that
audited the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 28, 2007, has issued an
attestation report on management's assessment of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting.


 /s/ Richard K. Vitelle   VP Finance, Chief Financial
______________________    Officer and Treasurer
   Richard Vitelle        (principal accounting officer)


 /s/ Fred M. Sturm        President, Chief Executive
______________________    Officer and Director
   Fred M. Sturm          (principal executive officer)


<page>
               Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

The Board of Directors and Stockholders
CalAmp Corp:

We have audited management's assessment, included in the accompanying
Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, that CalAmp
Corp. maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of
February 28, 2007, based on criteria established in Internal Control -
Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of
the Treadway Commission (COSO). CalAmp Corp.'s management is responsible for
maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its
assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting.
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on management's assessment and an
opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial
reporting based on our audit.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we
plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all
material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting, evaluating management's assessment, testing
and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control,
and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the
circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our
opinion.

A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.  A company's
internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and
procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable
detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of
the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts
and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with
authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a
material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial
reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.  Also, projections of any
evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that
controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the
degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

In our opinion, management's assessment that CalAmp Corp. maintained
effective internal control over financial reporting as of February 28, 2007,
is fairly stated, in all material respects, based on criteria established in
Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Also, in our opinion, CalAmp
Corp. maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over
financial reporting as of February 28, 2007, based on criteria established in
Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).

CalAmp Corp. acquired Dataradio Inc. on May 26, 2006, and management excluded
from its assessment of the effectiveness of CalAmp Corp.'s internal control
over financial reporting as of February 28, 2007, Dataradio Inc.'s internal
control over financial reporting associated with total assets of $56,396,000
and total revenues of $22,821,000 included in the consolidated financial
statements of CalAmp Corp. and subsidiaries as of and for the year ended
February 28, 2007. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting of
CalAmp Corp. also excluded an evaluation of the internal control over
financial reporting of Dataradio Inc.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets
of CalAmp Corp. and subsidiaries as of February 28, 2007 and 2006, and the
related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders' equity and
comprehensive income (loss), and cash flows for each of the years in the
three-year period ended February 28, 2007, and our report dated May 17, 2007
expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements.


(signed) KPMG LLP

Los Angeles, California
May 17, 2007

<page>
            Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

The Board of Directors and Stockholders
CalAmp Corp.:

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of CalAmp Corp.
and subsidiaries as of February 28, 2007 and 2006, and the related
consolidated statements of operations, stockholders' equity and comprehensive
income (loss), and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period
ended February 28, 2007. These consolidated financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express
an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).  Those standards require
that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement.  An audit
includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and
disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as
well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.  We believe
that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of CalAmp
Corp. and subsidiaries as of February 28, 2007 and 2006, and the results of
their operations and their cash flows for each of the years in the three-year
period ended February 28, 2007, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted
accounting principles.

As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, effective
March 1, 2006, the Company adopted the provisions of Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 123(R), "Share-Based Payment."

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the effectiveness of CalAmp
Corp.'s internal control over financial reporting as of February 28, 2007,
based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
(COSO), and our report dated May 17, 2007 expressed an unqualified opinion on
management's assessment of, and the effective operation of, internal control
over financial reporting.


(signed) KPMG LLP

Los Angeles, California
May 17, 2007


<page>
                                   CALAMP CORP.
                           CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
                         (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PAR VALUE)
                                                           February 28,
                                                      ---------------------
                                                        2007         2006
                                                      --------     --------
             Assets
Current assets:
   Cash and cash equivalents	                        $ 37,537     $ 45,783
   Accounts receivable, less allowance for
    doubtful accounts of $347 and $203 at
    February 28, 2007 and 2006, respectively            38,439       28,630
   Inventories                                          25,729       18,279
   Deferred income tax assets                            4,637        4,042
   Prepaid expenses and other current assets             7,182        2,502
                                                      --------     --------
          Total current assets                         113,524       99,236
                                                      --------     --------
Property, equipment and improvements, net of
 accumulated depreciation and amortization               6,308        5,438
Deferred income tax assets, less current portion           -          2,344
Goodwill                                                90,001       91,386
Other intangible assets, net                            18,643        5,304
Other assets                                             1,227          638
                                                      --------     --------
                                                      $229,703     $204,346
                                                      ========     ========
    Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity
Current liabilities:
   Current portion of long-term debt                  $  2,944     $  2,168
   Accounts payable                                     26,186       12,011
   Accrued payroll and employee benefits                 3,478        3,608
   Other current liabilities                             4,094        2,763
   Deferred revenue                                      1,935        1,323
                                                      --------     --------
          Total current liabilities                     38,637       21,873
                                                      --------     --------
Long-term debt, less current portion                    31,314        5,511
Deferred income tax liabilities                          7,451          -
Other non-current liabilities                            1,050          853

Commitments and contingencies

Stockholders' equity:
   Preferred stock, $.01 par value; 3,000 shares
    authorized; no shares issued or outstanding            -            -
   Common Stock, $.01 par value; 40,000 shares
    authorized; 23,595 and 23,204 shares issued
    and outstanding at February 28, 2007 and
    2006, respectively                                     236          232
   Additional paid-in capital                          139,175      135,022
   Less common stock held in escrow                        -         (2,532)
   Retained earnings                                    13,000       44,188
   Accumulated other comprehensive loss                 (1,160)        (801)
                                                      --------     --------
          Total stockholders' equity                   151,251      176,109
                                                      --------     --------
                                                      $229,703     $204,346
                                                      ========     ========
            See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

<page>
                                 CALAMP CORP.
                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
                    (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

                                                 Year ended February 28,
                                             -----------------------------
                                               2007       2006       2005
                                             --------   --------   -------
Revenues:
  Product sales                             $214,446    $201,271   $200,098
  Service revenues                             7,893      16,222     19,929
                                            --------    --------   --------
     Total revenues                          222,339     217,493    220,027
                                            --------    --------   --------

Cost of revenues:
  Cost of product sales                      166,612     152,333    163,154
  Cost of service revenues                     6,326      12,414     15,495
                                            --------    --------   --------
     Total cost of revenues                  172,938     164,747    178,649
                                            --------    --------   --------

Gross profit                                  49,401      52,746     41,378
                                            --------    --------   --------
Operating expenses:
  Research and development                    15,015       9,109      8,320
  Selling                                     10,157       6,963      6,397
  General and administrative                  12,377      10,700     11,499
  Intangible asset amortization                4,135       1,771      1,643
  Write-off of acquired in-process
   research and development                    6,850         310        471
  Impairment loss                             29,848         -          -
                                            --------    --------   --------
Total operating expenses                      78,382      28,853     28,330
                                            --------    --------   --------
Operating income (loss)                      (28,981)     23,893     13,048

Non-operating income (expense):
  Interest income (expense), net                (460)        557       (185)
  Other income (expense), net                  1,034         (21)        65
                                            --------    --------   --------
Total non-operating income (expense)             574         536       (120)
                                            --------    --------   --------
Income (loss) before income taxes            (28,407)     24,429     12,928

Income tax provision                          (2,781)     (9,867)    (4,852)
                                            --------    --------   --------
Net income (loss)                           $(31,188)   $ 14,562   $  8,076
                                            ========    ========   ========

Earnings (loss) per share:
  Basic                                     $  (1.34)   $   0.64   $   0.38
  Diluted                                   $  (1.34)   $   0.62   $   0.36

Shares used in computing basic and
  diluted earnings (loss) per share:
    Basic                                     23,353      22,605     21,460
    Diluted                                   23,353      23,415     22,193


            See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

<page>
                                   CALAMP CORP.
               CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
                       AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)
                                (IN THOUSANDS)
                                                              Accum-
<table>                                                                      ulated
                                                   Common             Other    Total
                      Common Stock     Additional  Stock              Compre-  Stock-
                     --------------     Paid-in    Held in  Retained  hensive  holders'
                     Shares    Amount   Capital    Escrow   Earnings   Loss    Equity
                     ------    ------    ------   --------  --------  ------   ------
<s>                  <c>       <c>      <c>       <c>        <c>       <c>     <c>
Balances at
 February 28, 2004    14,910     $149   $ 44,486   $   -   $21,550    $(822)  $ 65,363
Net income                -        -          -        -     8,076       -       8,076
Change in unrealized
 loss on available-for-
 sale investments         -        -          -        -       -         21         21
                                                                                ------
Comprehensive income                                                             8,097
Issuance of common
 stock for Vytek
 acquisition           8,123       81     91,090   (9,624)     -         -      81,547
Cancellation of
 escrow shares          (628)      (6)    (7,070)   7,076      -         -         -
Fair value of options
 and warrants assumed
 in acquisition           -        -       1,837       -       -         -       1,837
Exercise of stock
 options                 309        3      1,053       -       -         -       1,056
Tax benefits from exer-
 cise of non-qualified
 stock options            -        -         388       -       -         -         388
                      ------     ----    -------  --------  -------   ------  --------
Balances at
 February 28, 2005    22,714      227    131,784   (2,548)   29,626    (801)   158,288
Net income and
 comprehensive income     -        -          -        -     14,562      -      14,562
Sales of common stock
 held in escrow           -        -          -        16      -         -          16
Exercise of stock
 options                 516        5      2,285       -       -         -       2,290
Tax benefits from exer-
 cise of non-qualified
 stock options            -        -       1,143       -       -         -       1,143
Other                    (26)      -        (190)      -       -         -        (190)
                      ------     ----    -------  --------  -------   ------  --------
Balances at
 February 28, 2006    23,204      232    135,022   (2,532)   44,188    (801)   176,109
Net loss                  -        -          -        -    (31,188)     -     (31,188)
Change in unrealized
 gain on available-for-
 sale investments                                                        45         45
Foreign currency trans-
 lation adjustments       -        -          -        -       -       (404)      (404)
                                                                                ------
Comprehensive loss                                                             (31,547)
Sales of common stock
 held in escrow           -        -          -     2,532      -         -       2,532
Issuance of restricted
 stock to directors,
 net of forfeitures       20       -          -        -       -         -          -
Stock-based compen-
 sation expense           -        -       2,213       -       -         -       2,213
Exercise of stock
 options and warrants    373        4      1,393       -       -         -       1,397
Tax benefits from exer-
 cise of non-qualified
 stock options            -        -         568       -       -         -         568
Other                     (2)      -         (21)      -       -         -         (21)
                      ------     ----    -------  --------  -------   ------  --------
Balances at
 February 28, 2007    23,595     $236   $139,175  $    -    $13,000 $(1,160)  $151,251
                      ======     ====   ========  ========  =======   ======  ========
</table>

       See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

<page>
                                  CALAMP CORP.
                    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                                (IN THOUSANDS)
                                                      Year ended February 28,
                                                 ------------------------------
                                                    2007       2006       2005
                                                 --------   --------    -------
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:

Net income (loss)                                $(31,188)  $ 14,562   $ 8,076

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss)
 to net cash provided by operating activities:
  Depreciation and amortization                     6,920      4,372     4,340
  Stock-based compensation expense                  2,213        -         -
  Write-off of in-process research and development  6,850        310       471
  Impairment loss                                  29,848        -         241
  Loss (gain) on sale of equipment                     85        43        (76)
  Tax benefit from exercise of stock options         -        1,158       388
  Excess tax benefit from stock-based compensation   (496)       -         -
  Deferred tax assets, net                          1,485      6,236     4,201

  Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
    Accounts receivable                            (3,755)    (1,704)   (3,192)
    Inventories                                    (2,059)     4,266      (825)
    Prepaid expenses and other assets              (2,689)       427     3,263
    Accounts payable                               12,962     (6,377)   (1,237)
    Accrued liabilities                            (3,995)      (666)   (3,207)
    Deferred revenue                                  542       (247)       93
                                                 --------   --------  --------
NET CASH PROVIDED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES          16,723     22,380    12,536
                                                 --------   --------  --------
CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:
  Capital expenditures                             (2,828)    (2,296)   (2,359)
  Proceeds from sale of property and equipment         16        146     1,749
  Acquisition of Dataradio net of cash acquired   (48,053)       -         -
  Acquisition of TechnoCom product line            (2,486)       -         -
  Acquisition of Skybility business                   -       (4,897)      -
  Proceeds from Vytek escrow fund distribution        480        -         -
  Acquisition of Vytek, net of cash acquired          -          -      (1,776)
  Other                                              (240)       -         -
                                                 --------   --------  --------
NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES             (53,111)    (7,047)   (2,386)
                                                 --------   --------  --------
CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
  Proceeds from long-term debt                     38,000        -       2,000
  Debt repayments                                 (11,421)    (2,888)   (5,043)
  Proceeds from exercise of stock options           1,397      2,290     1,056
  Excess tax benefit from stock-based compensation    496        -         -
                                                 --------   --------  --------
NET CASH PROVIDED (USED) BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES   28,472       (598)   (1,987)
                                                 --------   --------  --------
EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATE CHANGES ON CASH              (330)       -         -
                                                 --------   --------  --------
Net change in cash and cash equivalents            (8,246)    14,735     8,163
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year     45,783     31,048    22,885
                                                 --------   --------  --------
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year         $ 37,537   $ 45,783  $ 31,048
                                                 ========   ========  ========

        See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

<page>
                                 CALAMP CORP.
                 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


NOTE 1 - DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
         POLICIES

Description of Business

      CalAmp Corp. ("CalAmp" or the "Company") is a provider of wireless
communications products that enable anytime/anywhere access to critical
information, data and entertainment content.  CalAmp is the leading supplier
of direct broadcast satellite (DBS) outdoor customer premise equipment to the
U.S. satellite television market.  The Company also provides wireless data
communications solutions for the telemetry and asset tracking markets,
private wireless networks, public safety communications, and critical
infrastructure and process control applications.

      On April 12, 2004, the Company completed the acquisition of Vytek
Corporation ("Vytek"), a privately held company.  The operations of Vytek are
included in the Company's consolidated financial statements since that date.
Vytek's products manufacturing business was combined with the Company's
Products Division, and the remainder of Vytek's operations, primarily
engineering services and software products, comprised the Company's Solutions
Division.

Principles of Consolidation

      The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the
Company (a Delaware corporation) and its wholly-owned subsidiaries.  All
significant intercompany transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.

Use of Estimates

      The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to
make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date
of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the reporting period.  Actual results could differ from those
estimates.  Areas where significant judgments are made include, but are not
limited to: allowance for doubtful accounts; inventory valuation; product
warranties; deferred income tax asset valuation allowances; valuation
goodwill, purchased intangible assets and other long-lived assets; and
revenue recognition.

Fiscal Year

      The Company uses a 52-53 week fiscal year ending on the Saturday
closest to February 28, which for fiscal years 2007, 2006 and 2005 fell on
March 3, 2007, February 25, 2006 and February 26, 2005, respectively.  In
these consolidated financial statements, the fiscal year end for all years is
shown as February 28 for clarity of presentation.  Fiscal 2007 consisted of
53 weeks, while fiscal years 2006 and 2005 each consisted of 52 weeks.

Revenue Recognition

      The Company's Products Division recognizes revenue from product sales
when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the
sales price is fixed or determinable and collection of the sales price is
probable.  Generally, these criteria are met at the time product is shipped,
except for shipments made on the basis of "FOB Destination" terms, in which
case title transfers to the customer and the revenue is recorded by the
Company when the shipment reaches the customer.  Customers do not have rights
of return except for defective products returned during the warranty period.

      The Company's Products Division also undertakes projects that include
the design, development and manufacture of public safety communication
systems that are specially customized to customers' specifications or that
involve fixed site construction.  Sales under such contracts are recorded
under the percentage-of-completion method in accordance with Statement of
Position No. 81-1 "Accounting for Performance of Construction-Type and
Certain Production-Type Contracts." ("SOP 81-1"). Costs and estimated
revenues are recorded as work is performed based on the percentage that
incurred costs bear to estimated total costs utilizing the most recent
estimates of costs.  If the current contract estimate indicates a loss,
provision is made for the total anticipated loss in the current period.

      The Solutions Division derives revenues from the following sources:
software licenses; maintenance and software support; and implementation
services.  The recognition of software license revenue is substantially
governed by the provisions of AICPA Statement of Position No. 97-2, "Software
Revenue Recognition" (SOP 97-2).  For software license arrangements that do
not require significant modification or customization of the underlying
software, software license revenue is recognized upon delivery of the
software provided there is evidence of an arrangement, the fee is fixed or
determinable and collection of the sales price is considered probable.  A
substantial portion of the Solutions Division's software license revenues are
recognized in this manner.

      Revenues from maintenance and software support, which includes
unspecified software upgrades, are recognized ratably over the period of the
arrangement, typically one year.  Consulting implementation services are sold
and are generally accounted for separately from software license revenues
because the arrangements qualify as service transactions as defined in SOP
97-2.

Cash and Cash Equivalents

      The Company considers all highly liquid investments with remaining
maturities at date of purchase of three months or less to be cash
equivalents.

Concentrations of Risk

      Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to
concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash equivalents and
trade receivables.  The Company currently invests its excess cash in money
market mutual funds and commercial paper.  The Company had cash and cash
equivalents in one U.S. bank in excess of federally insured amounts.

      Because the Company sells into markets dominated by a few large service
providers, a significant percentage of consolidated revenues and consolidated
accounts receivable relate to a small number of customers.  Revenues from
customers which accounted for 10% or more of consolidated annual revenues in
any one of the last three years, as a percent of consolidated revenues, are
as follows:

                               Year ended February 28,
                           ------------------------------
             Customer       2007        2006        2005
             --------      ------      ------      ------
                A           48.2%       55.5%       43.4%
                B           18.0%       13.7%       17.1%

      Accounts receivable amounts at fiscal year-end from the customers
referred to in the table above, expressed as a percent of consolidated net
accounts receivable, are as follows:

                                     February 28,
                                --------------------
             Customer            2007          2006
             --------           ------        ------
                A                30.6%        40.1%
                B                24.4%        19.2%

       A third customer that did not account for 10% or more of consolidated
revenues in either of the last two years accounted for 16.4% and 12.3% of
consolidated accounts receivable at February 28, 2007 and 2006, respectively.

Allowance for Doubtful Accounts

      The Company establishes an allowance for estimated bad debts based upon
a review and evaluation of specific customer accounts identified as known and
expected collection problems, based on historical experience, due to
insolvency, disputes or other collection issues.

Inventories

      Inventories include costs of materials, labor and manufacturing
overhead.  Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable
value, with cost determined principally by the use of the first-in, first-out
method.

Investments

      The Company classifies investments in one of three categories: trading,
available-for-sale or held-to-maturity.  Trading securities are bought and
held principally for the purpose of selling them in the near term.  Held-to-
maturity securities are those securities that the Company has the ability and
intent to hold until maturity.  All other securities not included in trading
or held-to-maturity are classified as available-for-sale.

      Held-to-maturity securities are recorded at amortized cost, adjusted
for the amortization or accretion of premiums or discounts.  Unrealized
holding gains and losses on trading securities are included in earnings.
Unrealized holding gains and losses, net of the related tax effect, on
available-for-sale securities are excluded from earnings and are reported as
a component of accumulated other comprehensive income until realized, or
until holding losses are deemed to be other than temporary, at which time an
impairment charge is recorded.

Property, equipment and improvements

      Property, equipment and improvements are stated at cost.  The Company
follows the policy of capitalizing expenditures that increase asset lives,
and charging ordinary maintenance and repairs to operations, as incurred.
When assets are sold or disposed of, the cost and related accumulated
depreciation are removed from the accounts and any resulting gain or loss is
included in operating income.

      Depreciation and amortization are based upon the estimated useful lives
of the related assets using the straight-line method.  Plant equipment and
office equipment are depreciated over useful lives ranging from two to five
years, while tooling is depreciated over 18 months.  Leasehold improvements
are amortized over the shorter of the lease term or the useful life of the
improvements.

Operating Leases

      Rent expense under operating leases is recognized on a straight-line
basis over the lease term.  The difference between the rent expense and the
rent payment is recorded as an increase or decrease in deferred rent
liability.

      The Company accounts for tenant allowances in lease agreements as a
deferred rent liability.  The liability is then amortized on a straight-line
basis over the lease term as a reduction of rent expense.

      The deferred rent liability is included in other current liabilities
and other non-current liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets.

Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets

      Goodwill represents the excess of purchase price and related costs over
the value assigned to the net tangible assets and identifiable intangible
assets of businesses acquired.  As required under Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 142, "Accounting for Goodwill and Intangible
Assets", goodwill is not amortized.  Instead, goodwill is tested for
impairment on an annual basis and between annual tests if an event occurs or
circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of
a reporting unit below its carrying amount.

      The cost of identified intangible assets is amortized over the assets'
estimated useful lives ranging from one to seven years on a straight-line
basis as no other discernable pattern of usage is more readily determinable.

Accounting for Long-Lived Assets Other Than Goodwill

      The Company reviews property and equipment and other long-lived assets
other than goodwill for impairment whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of an asset may not be
recoverable.  Recoverability is measured by comparison of the asset's
carrying amount to the undiscounted future net cash flows an asset is
expected to generate.  If an asset is considered to be impaired, the
impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount at which the carrying
amount of the asset exceeds the projected discounted future cash flows
arising from the asset.

Capitalized Software Costs

      The Company capitalizes software costs once technological feasibility
has been achieved based on the completion of product design and the detail
program design.  Periodic amortization is the greater of (1) an amount
determined with reference to total estimated revenues to be generated by the
product, or (2) an amount computed on a straight-line basis with reference to
the product's expected life.

      At February 28, 2007 and 2006, capitalized software costs in the amount
of $737,000 and $98,000, respectively, were included in Other Assets in the
Consolidated Balance Sheet.  During fiscal 2007, amortization of capitalized
software costs was $82,000.  This amount is included in Cost of Revenues in
the Consolidated Statement of Operations.  No amortization was recorded in
fiscal 2006 because the software product was still under development during
that period and was not yet available for general release to customers.

Disclosures About Fair Value of Financial Instruments

      The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair
value of each class of financial instrument for which it is practicable to
estimate:

      Cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable and accounts payable -
The carrying amount is a reasonable estimate of fair value given the short
maturity of these instruments.

      Long-term debt - The carrying value approximates fair value since the
interest rate on the long-term debt approximates the interest rate which is
currently available to the Company for the issuance of debt with similar
terms and maturities.

Warranty

      The Company warrants its products against defects over periods ranging
from 3 to 24 months.  An accrual for estimated future costs relating to
products returned under warranty is recorded as an expense when products are
shipped.  At the end of each quarter, the Company adjusts its liability for
warranty claims based on its actual warranty claims experience as a
percentage of revenues for the preceding three years and also considers the
impacts of the known  operational issues that may have a greater impact than
historical trends.  See Note 10 for a table of annual increases in and
reductions of the warranty liability for the last three years.

Deferred Income Taxes

      Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary
differences between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities for
financial reporting purposes and for income tax purposes.  A deferred income
tax asset is recognized if realization of such asset is more likely than not,
based upon the weight of available evidence which includes historical
operating performance and the Company's forecast of future operating
performance.  The Company evaluates the realizability of its deferred income
tax assets on a quarterly basis, and a valuation allowance is provided, as
necessary, in accordance with the provisions of Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes".  During this
evaluation, the Company reviews its forecasts of income in conjunction with
the positive and negative evidence surrounding the realizability of its
deferred income tax assets to determine if a valuation allowance is needed.

Foreign Currency Translation and Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Account

      Prior to February 1, 2002, the Company's French subsidiary used the
local currency as its functional currency.  The local currency was the French
franc until January 1, 2002 and the Euro beginning on that date.  In
connection with the conversion of the French subsidiary's local currency from
the French franc to the Euro, effective January 1, 2002, the Company
evaluated which currency, the Euro or the U.S. dollar, was best suited to be
used as the functional currency.  On the basis of this evaluation, management
determined that the functional currency should be changed from the Euro to
the U.S. dollar, and this change was made effective February 1, 2002.
Accordingly, beginning in February 2002 gains and losses from remeasuring the
French subsidiary's financial statements from the local currency (the Euro)
into the reporting currency (the U.S. dollar) are included in the
consolidated statement of operations.  As a result of this 2002 change in
functional currency, the foreign currency translation account balance of
$801,000 included in accumulated other comprehensive loss will remain
unchanged until such time as the French subsidiary ceases to be part of the
Company's consolidated financial statements.  No income tax expense or
benefit has been allocated to this component of accumulated other
comprehensive loss because the Company expects that undistributed earnings of
this foreign subsidiary will be reinvested indefinitely.

      The Company's Canadian subsidiary uses the Canadian dollar, the local
currency, as its functional currency.  Its financial statements are
translated into U.S. dollars using current or historical rates, as
appropriate, with translation gains or losses included in the accumulated
other comprehensive loss account in the stockholders' equity section of the
consolidated balance sheet.

      The aggregate foreign transaction exchange gains (losses) included in
determining income before income taxes were $362,000, $(48,000) and $35,000
in fiscal 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively.

Earnings Per Share

      Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing net income available
to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares
outstanding during the period.  Diluted earnings per share reflects the
potential dilution, using the treasury stock method, that could occur if
securities or other contracts to issue common stock were exercised or
converted into common stock or resulted in the issuance of common stock that
then shared in the earnings of the Company.  In computing diluted earnings
per share, the treasury stock method assumes that outstanding options are
exercised and the proceeds are used to purchase common stock at the average
market price during the period.  Options will have a dilutive effect under
the treasury stock method only when the average market price of the common
stock during the period exceeds the exercise price of the options.

Accounting for Stock Options

     The Financial Accounting Standards Board issued SFAS No. 123 (revised
2004), "Share-Based Payment" ("SFAS No. 123R"), which requires companies to
measure all employee stock-based compensation awards using a fair value
method and record such expense in their financial statements.  The Company
adopted SFAS No. 123R at the beginning of fiscal 2007 using the modified
prospective application method.  Accordingly, periods prior to fiscal 2007
were not restated.  Under this adoption method, the Company records stock-
based compensation expense for all awards granted on or after the date of
adoption of SFAS No. 123R and for the portion of previously granted awards
that remained unvested at the date of adoption.  Currently, the Company's
stock-based compensation relates to stock options awarded to employees and
directors and restricted stock awarded to directors.

     In the financial statements of periods prior to fiscal 2007, the Company
presented all tax benefits of deductions resulting from the exercise of stock
options as operating cash flows in the consolidated statements of cash flows.
SFAS No. 123R requires the cash flows resulting from the benefits of tax
deductions in excess of the compensation cost recognized for those options to
be classified as financing cash flows.  As a result of adopting SFAS No.
123R, $496,000 of such excess tax benefits have been classified as a
financing cash inflow in the accompanying consolidated statement of cash
flows for fiscal 2007.

     Prior to fiscal 2007, the Company applied the provisions of APB No. 25,
"Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees," as permitted under SFAS No. 148,
"Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation - Transition and Disclosure - an
amendment of SFAS Statement No. 123."

     The following table details the effect on net income and earnings per
share assuming compensation expense had been recorded in the consolidated
statement of operations during fiscal years 2006 and 2005 using the fair
value method prescribed in SFAS No. 123, "Accounting for Stock-Based
Compensation".  Amounts are shown in thousands except per share amounts.

                                           Year ended
                                          February 28,
                                      -------------------
                                       2006         2005
                                      ------       ------
  Net income as reported             $14,562       $8,076

  Less total stock-based employee
   compensation expense determined
   under fair value based method
   for all awards, net of related
   tax effects                        (1,832)      (1,647)
                                      ------        -----
  Pro forma net income               $12,730       $6,429
                                      ======        =====
  Earnings per share:
     Basic -
       As reported                      $.64         $.38
       Pro forma                        $.56         $.30

     Diluted -
       As reported                      $.62         $.36
       Pro forma                        $.54         $.29


      Included in the $1,832,000 stock-based employee compensation expense
for fiscal 2006 was $607,000 expense, net of tax, pertaining to 82,125
options granted in February and April 2004 at exercise prices of $14.76 and
$13.52 for which the vesting was accelerated in February 2006.  These options
were granted to employees who are not officers and directors of the Company.
The Board of Directors authorized the acceleration of vesting of these out-
of-the-money options to avoid the recognition of this expense in future
financial statements.


Recent Authoritative Pronouncements

      In September 2006, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) issued
Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) No. 108, "Considering the Effects of Prior
Year Misstatements when Quantifying Misstatements in Current Year
Financial Statements", which provides interpretive guidance on the
consideration of the effects of prior year misstatements in quantifying
current year misstatements for the purpose of a materiality assessment.  The
Company adopted SAB No. 108 as of the end of fiscal year 2007.  The adoption
of SAB No. 108 had no significant impact on the Company's fiscal 2007
financial position and results of operations.

      In June 2006, the FASB issued FASB Interpretation No. 48, "Accounting
for Income Tax Uncertainties" ("FIN 48").  FIN 48 defines the threshold for
recognizing the benefits of tax return positions in the financial statements
as "more-likely-than-not" to be sustained by the taxing authorities.  FIN 48
provides guidance on the de-recognition, measurement and classification of
income tax uncertainties, along with any related interest and penalties.
FIN 48 also includes guidance concerning accounting for income tax
uncertainties in interim periods and increases the level of disclosures
associated with any recorded income tax uncertainties.  The Company will be
required to adopt FIN 48 at the beginning of its fiscal year 2008.  The
differences between the amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheet
prior to the adoption of FIN 48 and the amounts reported after adoption will
be accounted for as a cumulative-effect adjustment recorded to the beginning
balance of retained earnings.  The Company is still evaluating the impact, if
any, of adopting the provisions of FIN 48 on its financial position and
results of operations.

      In September 2006, the FASB issued SFAS No. 157, "Fair Value
Measurements."  This statement defines fair value, establishes a framework
for using fair value to measure assets and liabilities, and expands
disclosures about fair value measurements. The statement applies whenever
other statements require or permit assets or liabilities to be measured at
fair value.  SFAS No. 157 is effective for fiscal years beginning after
November 15, 2007.  The Company is currently determining the effect, if any,
this pronouncement will have on its financial statements.

      In February 2007, the FASB issued SFAS No. 159, "The Fair Value Option
for Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities".  SFAS No. 159 permits
entities to choose to measure, on an item-by-item basis, specified financial
instruments and certain other items at fair value.  Unrealized gains and
losses on items for which the fair value option has been elected are required
to be reported in earnings at each reporting date.  SFAS No. 159 is effective
for fiscal years beginning after November 15, 2007, the provisions of which
are required to be applied prospectively.  The Company is currently
determining the effect, if any, this pronouncement will have on its financial
statements.

Note 2 - ACQUISITIONS

Dataradio Acquisition
---------------------

      On May 26, 2006, the Company completed the acquisition of Dataradio
Inc. ("Dataradio"), a privately held Canadian company.  Under the terms of
the acquisition agreement dated May 9, 2006, the Company acquired all capital
stock of Dataradio for a cash payment of Canadian $60.1 million, or U.S.
$54,291,000 at the effective Canadian Dollar (CAD $) to U.S. Dollar exchange
rate on May 26, 2006.  This acquisition expands the Company's wireless data
communications business for public safety and Machine-to-Machine (M2M)
applications.  It also furthers the Company's strategic goals of diversifying
its customer base and expanding its product offerings into higher-margin
growth markets.

      CAD $7 million (equivalent to U.S. $6,323,397 at the effective exchange
rate on May 26, 2006) of the purchase price was deposited into an escrow
account.  In October 2006, CAD $4 million was released from escrow to the
selling stockholders of Dataradio.  The remaining CAD $3 million held in
escrow is available as a source for the payment of indemnification claims of
the Company.  The remaining amount in the escrow account, if any, after
satisfying indemnification claims will be distributed to Dataradio's selling
stockholders on May 26, 2008.  Amounts required to pay claims by the Company
that are not resolved by such date will be held in the escrow account until
such claims are resolved.

      For financial reporting purposes the operations of Dataradio are
included in the Company's Products Division business segment.  Dataradio's
operations are included in the accompanying fiscal 2007 consolidated
statement of operations for the 40-week period from May 26, 2006 to February
28, 2007.

      Dataradio is currently focused in three primary business lines:
wireless data systems for public safety and first response applications;
wireless data modems for fixed location critical infrastructure and
industrial applications; and design and manufacture of radio frequency
modules.

      The purchase price allocation for the Dataradio acquisition is as
follows (in thousands):


      Purchase price paid in cash                                     $54,291
      Direct costs of acquisition                                         474
                                                                       ------
      Total cost of acquisition                                       $54,765

      Fair value of net assets acquired:
        Current assets (including cash of $6,711)             $20,306
        Property and equipment                                    927
        Intangible assets:
          Developed/core technology                 $6,980
          Customer relationships                     3,750
          Contracts backlog                          1,480
          Tradename                                  3,880
          In-process research and
            development ("IPR&D")                    6,850
                                                     -----
        Total intangible assets                                22,940
        Current liabilities                                    (8,749)
        Deferred tax liabilities, net                          (5,980)
        Long-term liabilities                                    (317)
                                                               ------
      Total fair value of net assets acquired                          29,127
                                                                       ------
      Goodwill                                                        $25,638
                                                                       ======

      The Company paid a premium (i.e., goodwill) over the fair value of the
net tangible and identified intangible assets acquired for a number of
reasons, including the following:

* Dataradio is an established provider of radio frequency ("RF") modems and
  systems for public safety and private network data applications.

* Dataradio has a history of profitable operations.

* The products of Dataradio have high gross margins.

* Dataradio has a diversified customer base.

* CalAmp will have access to Dataradio's engineering resources.

      The goodwill arising from the Dataradio acquisition is not deductible
for income tax purposes.

      The $6,850,000 allocated to IPR&D in the purchase price allocation
above was charged to expense following the acquisition.  IPR&D consists of
next generation products for fixed and mobile wireless applications.  For
purposes of valuing IPR&D, it was assumed that: (i) these products would be
introduced in 2007; (ii) annual revenue in 2007 through 2011 would range
between $4.2 million and $12.6 million for fixed wireless products, and
between $6.7 million and $13.9 million for mobile wireless products; (iii)
annual revenues from the fixed wireless products and mobile wireless products
are allocated 75% and 80%, respectively, to IPR&D and 25% and 20%,
respectively, to core technology; (iv) the gross margin percentage would
range between 58% and 60% for fixed wireless products, and between 61% and
66% for mobile wireless products; and (v) the operating margin in years 2007
through 2011 is approximately 26% for fixed wireless products and 32% for
mobile wireless products.  The projected after-tax cash flows were then
present valued using a discount rate of 25%.

      The following is supplemental pro forma information presented as if the
acquisition of Dataradio had occurred at the beginning of each of the
respective periods.  The pro forma financial information is not necessarily
indicative of what the Company's actual results of operations would have been
had Dataradio been included in the Company's consolidated financial
statements for all of the periods ended February 28, 2007 and 2006.  In
addition, the unaudited pro forma financial information does not attempt to
project the future results of operations of the combined company.

(in thousands, except per share data)

                                     Year Ended              Year Ended
                                 February 28, 2007       February 28, 2006
                               --------------------     -------------------
                                  As         Pro           As         Pro
                               reported     forma       reported     forma
                               --------    --------     --------    -------
  Revenue                     $222,339    $231,775      $217,493   $247,273

  Net (loss) income           $(31,188)   $(24,306)     $ 14,562   $ 13,628

  Net (loss) income per share:
    Basic                     $  (1.34)    $ (1.04)     $   0.64   $   0.60
    Diluted                   $  (1.34)    $ (1.04)     $   0.62   $   0.58

      The pro forma adjustments for the year ended February 28, 2007 consist
of adding Dataradio's estimated results of operations for the 13-week period
ended May 26, 2006, because Dataradio is included in the "As reported"
amounts for the 40-week period from the May 26, 2006 acquisition date to
February 28, 2007. The pro forma adjustments for the year ended February 28,
2006 consist of adding Dataradio's results of operations for the 12 months
ended January 31, 2006.

      The pro forma financial information for both periods presented above
reflects the following:

* Additional amortization expense of approximately $746,000 and $2,984,000
  for the years ended February 28, 2007 and 2006, respectively, related to
  the estimated fair value of identifiable intangible assets from the
  purchase price allocation; and

* Additional interest expense and amortization of debt issue costs in the
  total amount of approximately $494,000 and $1,976,000 for the years ended
  February 28, 2007 and 2006, respectively, related to the incremental new
  bank borrowings to fund part of the Dataradio purchase price.

      The unaudited pro forma financial information above excludes the
following material, non-recurring charges or credits recorded by CalAmp or
Dataradio in the quarter ended May 31, 2006:

* A charge for IPR&D of $6,850,000 related to the Dataradio acquisition;

* A foreign currency hedging gain of $689,000 realized by CalAmp in
  connection with the acquisition of Dataradio; and

* A charge for Dataradio employee bonuses and related employer payroll taxes
  in the aggregate amount of $5,355,000, recorded as an expense in
  Dataradio's pre-acquisition statement of operations, for incentives paid by
  Dataradio to its workforce upon consummating the sale of Dataradio to
  CalAmp.


TechnoCom Product Line Acquisition
----------------------------------

      On May 26, 2006, the Company acquired the business and certain assets
of the Mobile Resource Management ("MRM") product line from TechnoCom
Corporation ("TechnoCom"), a privately held company, pursuant to an Asset
Purchase Agreement dated May 25, 2006 (the "Agreement").  This MRM product
line, which is used to help track fleets of cars and trucks, became part of
the Company's Products Division.  The acquisition of the MRM product line was
motivated primarily by the strategic goals of increasing the Company's
presence in markets that offer higher growth and profit margin potential and
diversifying the Company's business and customer base.

      Revenues and cost of sales generated by the MRM product line are
included in the accompanying fiscal 2007 consolidated statement of operations
for the 40-week period from May 26, 2006 to February 28, 2007.

      The Company acquired the business of the MRM product line, its
inventory, intellectual property and other intangible assets.  No liabilities
were assumed in the acquisition.  Pursuant to the Agreement, the Company made
an initial cash payment of $2,439,000, of which $250,000 was set aside in an
escrow account to satisfy any claims made by the Company on or before May 26,
2007.  The Company also agreed to make an additional future cash payment
equal to the amount of net revenues attributable to the MRM product line
during the 12-month period following the acquisition that exceeds $3,100,000
(the "Earn-out Payment").  In addition, the Company agreed to license certain
software from TechnoCom with a first year cost of approximately $200,000.

      The purchase price allocation for the TechnoCom product line
acquisition is as follows (in thousands):


     Purchase price paid in cash                      $2,439
     Direct costs of acquisition                          47
                                                      ------
     Total cost of acquisition                         2,486

     Fair value of net assets acquired:
       Inventories                              $ 290
       Intangible assets:
         Developed/core technology                980
         Customer relationships                   810
         Contracts backlog                        310
         Covenants not to compete                 170
                                                -----
       Total fair value of net assets acquired         2,560
                                                      ------
     Negative goodwill                               $   (74)
                                                      ======

      The negative goodwill of $74,000 is included in Other Accrued
Liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet at February 28, 2007.  Pro
forma information on this acquisition has not been provided because the
effects are not material to the Company's consolidated financial statements.


Skybility Acquisition
---------------------

      On April 18, 2005, the Company acquired the business and certain assets
of Skybility, a privately held company located in Carlsbad, California,
pursuant to an Asset Purchase Agreement dated April 18, 2005 (the
"Agreement").  Skybility is a developer and supplier of embedded cellular
transceivers used in telemetry and asset tracking applications that operate
on the Global System for Mobile Communications (GSM) network and the Advanced
Mobile Phone Service (AMPS) network.  The Skybility business operates as the
Machine-to-Machine ("M2M") product line of the Company's Products Division.

      Skybility's operations are included in the accompanying fiscal 2006
consolidated statement of operations for the 45-week period from April 18,
2005 to February 28, 2006.

      The acquisition of Skybility was motivated primarily by the strategic
goals of increasing the Company's presence in markets that offer higher
growth and profit margin potential, and diversifying the Company's business
and customer base beyond its current dependence on the two major U.S. DBS
system operators.

      The Company acquired the business of Skybility, its inventory, fixed
assets, intellectual property and other intangible assets.  No liabilities
were assumed in the acquisition.  Pursuant to the Agreement, the Company made
an initial cash payment of $4,829,000 and agreed to make a future cash
payment if certain financial performance targets during the 12-month period
ending April 18, 2006 were attained.  These performance targets were not met.

      Following is the purchase price allocation (in thousands):

      Purchase price paid in cash                 $4,829
      Direct costs of acquisition                     68
                                                  ------
      Total cost of acquisition                   $4,897
								  ======
      Fair value of net assets acquired:
         Inventories                              $1,080
         Property and equipment                      360
         Developed/core technology                 1,683
         Customer lists                              993
         Covenants not to compete                    321
         Contracts backlog                           150
         In-process research and development         310
                                                   -----
        Total fair value of net assets acquired   $4,897
                                                  ======

      The $310,000 allocated to in-process research and development in the
purchase price allocation above was charged to expense following the
acquisition.


Vytek Acquisition
-----------------

      On April 12, 2004, the Company acquired Vytek Corporation, a privately
held company headquartered in San Diego, California.  Vytek was a provider of
technology integration solutions involving a mix of professional services and
proprietary software and hardware products, serving the needs of enterprise
customers and original equipment manufacturers.

      Pursuant to the acquisition agreement, the Company issued approximately
8,123,400 shares of common stock as the purchase consideration, of which
854,700 shares were originally placed into an escrow account and
approximately 7,268,700 shares were issued to the selling shareholders of
Vytek.  The Company also assumed all fully vested Vytek stock options and
stock purchase warrants that were outstanding at the time of the merger.

      For purchase accounting purposes, the fair market value per share used
to value the 7,268,700 shares issued to the Vytek selling stockholders was
$11.26 per share, which was the average closing price of the Company's common
stock on the NASDAQ National Market for the period beginning two trading days
before and ending two trading days after December 23, 2003, the day that the
merger terms were agreed to and announced.

      The Company entered into an escrow agreement with a designated
representative of the selling stockholders of Vytek and an independent escrow
agent.  Under the terms of the escrow agreement, the 854,700 shares of
CalAmp's common stock deposited into the escrow account were to serve as
security for potential indemnity claims by the Company under the acquisition
agreement.  The acquisition agreement provided that in the event Vytek's
balance sheet as of the acquisition date reflected working capital (as
defined in the acquisition agreement) of less than $4 million, then CalAmp
could recover such deficiency from the escrow account (the "Working Capital
Adjustment").  In November 2004, the Company and the selling stockholders of
Vytek reached an agreement on the final Working Capital Adjustment of
$4,907,000, which equated to 628,380 shares of CalAmp's common stock based on
its average share price (as defined in the acquisition agreement).  These
628,380 shares were canceled and were returned to the status of authorized,
unissued shares.  In November 2005, the escrow agent sold 1,444 shares from
the escrow account to pay for the legal fees of the Vytek Stockholder
Representative.  As of February 28, 2006, there were 224,876 shares of
CalAmp's common stock remaining in the escrow account.  In April 2006, as
permitted by the terms of the escrow agreement, the Vytek Stockholder
Representative directed the escrow agent to sell 46,000 shares of common
stock from the escrow account.  The net cash proceeds of approximately
$523,000 were deposited to the escrow account.  Also in April 2006, to
resolve certain indemnification issues which had been in dispute, the Company
and the Vytek Stockholder Representative entered into an agreement whereby
the escrow agent paid the Company $480,000 in cash from the escrow account.
The escrow agent also paid legal fees of the Vytek Stockholder Representative
and the remaining cash and common stock in the escrow account was released to
the selling stockholders of Vytek in June 2006.

      The common shares deposited to the escrow account were, for accounting
purposes, treated as contingent consideration, and accordingly were excluded
from the purchase price determination until April 2006 when the remaining
escrow fund assets became distributable to the Vytek selling stockholders, as
described above.  The release of the escrow fund assets was recorded as
additional goodwill in the amount of $2,052,000 during fiscal 2007.

      The goodwill that resulted from the Vytek acquisition in the original
amount of $71,896,000 was apportioned between the Company's two reporting
units (the Products Division and the Solutions Division) because both
reporting units were expected to benefit from the synergies of the merger.
An independent valuation specialist was engaged to perform this goodwill
apportionment analysis.  This analysis resulted in an apportionment of the
total Vytek acquisition goodwill to the Products Division and the Solutions
Division in the amounts of $36,847,000 and $35,049,000, respectively.

      The goodwill arising from the Vytek acquisition is not deductible for
income tax purposes.

      The $471,000 allocated to in-process research and development in the
purchase price allocation above was charged to expense immediately following
the acquisition.


NOTE 3 - INVENTORIES

      Inventories consist of the following (in thousands):

                                            February 28,
                                      -----------------------
                                        2007            2006
                                      -------          ------
Raw materials                         $21,256         $14,375
Work in process                           505             380
Finished goods                          3,968           3,524
                                      -------         -------
                                      $25,729         $18,279
                                      =======         =======


NOTE 4 - PROPERTY, EQUIPMENT AND IMPROVEMENTS

      Property, equipment and improvements consist of the following (in
thousands):
                                            February 28,
                                      -----------------------
                                        2007            2006
                                      -------          ------
Leasehold improvements                $ 1,425         $ 1,415
Plant equipment and tooling            19,099          15,434
Office equipment, computers
 and furniture                          4,994           5,751
                                      -------         -------
                                       25,518          22,600
Less accumulated depreciation
 and amortization                     (19,210)        (17,162)
                                      -------         -------
                                      $ 6,308         $ 5,438
                                      =======         =======


Note 5 - GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS

      Changes in goodwill of each reporting unit are as follows (in
thousands):

                                  Products   Solutions      Total
                                  --------   ---------    ---------
Balance as of February 28, 2004   $ 20,938    $    -       $ 20,938
Goodwill from Vytek acquisition
 (see Note 2)                       36,847      35,049       71,896
                                  --------   ---------    ---------
Balance as of February 28, 2005     57,785      35,049       92,834
Realized deferred tax assets
 from Vytek acquisition					(1,219)      (1,219)
Removal of goodwill associated
 with the sale of assets                -         (230)        (230)
Other change		                -            1            1
                                  --------   ---------     --------
Balance as of February 28, 2006     57,785      33,601       91,386

Distribution of escrow shares
 as additional purchase price
 for the 2004 Vytek acquisition      1,052       1,000        2,052
Goodwill associated
 with Dataradio acquisition         25,638          -        25,638
Impairment writedown                    -      (29,012)     (29,012)
Other changes	                     100        (163)         (63)
                                  --------   ---------     --------
Balance as of February 28, 2007   $ 84,575    $  5,426     $ 90,001
                                  ========   =========     ========

      Impairment tests of goodwill associated with the Products Division and
the Solutions Division are conducted annually as of December 31 and April 30,
respectively.  The annual Products Division tests conducted in the last three
fiscal years indicated no impairment of that division's goodwill.

      The initial annual impairment test of the goodwill associated with the
Solutions Division was performed as of April 30, 2005, which indicated that
there was no impairment of Solutions Division goodwill at that date.

      The annual impairment test of the Solutions Division goodwill as of
April 30, 2006 indicated that there was an impairment of Solutions Division
goodwill at that date.  The goodwill impairment test is a two-step process.
Under the first step, the fair value of the Solutions Division was compared
with its carrying value (including goodwill).  The fair value of the
Solutions Division using a discounted cash flow approach was $29,848,000 less
than its carrying value, which indicated that a goodwill impairment existed
and which required the Company to perform step two of the impairment test.
In the second step, the implied fair value of the Solutions Division's
goodwill was calculated and then compared to the carrying amount of that
goodwill.  The goodwill carrying amount exceeded the implied fair value by
$29,012,000 which was recognized as an impairment loss.  The implied goodwill
amount was determined by allocating the fair value of the Solutions Division
to all of the assets and liabilities of the Solutions Division as if the
Solutions Division had been acquired in a business combination as of the date
of the impairment test.

      In connection with the second step of the Solutions Division goodwill
impairment test, fair value was allocated to tangible net assets and to
recognized intangible assets as of the test date.  There were no unrecognized
intangible assets as of the testing date.  The undiscounted future net cash
flows of the recognized intangible assets were less than their carrying
amount, which indicated that the assets were impaired.  Accordingly, the
Company recognized an impairment loss of $836,000 related to these intangible
assets.  The $29,848,000 impairment loss recognized in fiscal 2007 is the sum
of the $29,012,000 impairment of goodwill and the $836,000 impairment of
intangible assets.

       Factors that led to the impairment of goodwill and other intangible
assets of the Solutions Division as of April 30, 2006 include the following:

* Throughout fiscal 2006, the quarterly revenue of the Solutions Division had
 not been growing, but instead was declining due to the loss of key customers
and management's decision to exit low margin business with certain other
customers in order to reduce operating losses in this division.  During
fiscal 2006, the Company forecasted that it would be able to replace these
customers with new business to grow revenues and make the Solutions Division
profitable.  However, the Solutions Division was unable to book sufficient
new business to reverse the decline in revenue and this situation, along with
the continued sluggish revenue performance in the first quarter of fiscal
2007, led Company management to conclude that the revenue projection for
fiscal 2007 and later years as reflected in the prior year's goodwill
impairment test conducted as of April 30, 2005 was not achievable.

* Substantially all of the quarter-to-quarter revenue declines of the
Solutions Division during fiscal 2006 through the first quarter of fiscal
2007 were attributable to its Information Technology ("IT") professional
consulting business.  Failure to gain new major customers, the small amount
of backlog and new order pipeline and low margin business led to management's
decision to exit the Solutions Division's IT professional consulting business
near the end of the fiscal 2007 first quarter.

* The cost structure and limited availability of critical engineering
resources of the IT professional consulting business made this unit unable to
compete with large consulting companies that have multiple design centers in
lower cost regions of the United States and foreign technology centers such
as India.

* The Company's financial projections as of April 30, 2006 included the
operations of its software business unit only, because of the decision to
exit the IT professional consulting business.  The loss of projected revenues
and operating income from the IT professional consulting business contributed
to the decline in the projected cash flows.

      Intangible assets are comprised as follows (in thousands):

                            February 28, 2007           February 28, 2006
                         ------------------------   -------------------------
               Amorti-    Gross     Accum.            Gross    Accum.
               zation    Carrying   Amorti-          Carrying  Amorti-
               Period     Amount    zation    Net     Amount   zation    Net
                -----     ------    ------   -----   ------    ------   -----
Developed/core
 technology     5-7 yrs. $12,992   $3,816   $9,176   $5,032   $1,561   $3,471
Customer lists  5-7 yrs.   6,680    1,848    4,832    2,120      601    1,519
Contracts
 backlog        1 yr.      1,790    1,378      412      995      995       -
Covenants not
 to compete     4-5 yrs.     491      148      343      721      457      264
Licensing right 2 yrs.       200      200       -       200      150       50
Tradename        N/A       3,880       -     3,880       -        -        -
                          ------   ------   ------   ------   ------   ------
                         $26,033   $7,390  $18,643   $9,068   $3,764   $5,304
                          ======   ======   ======   ======   ======   ======

      Amortization expense of intangible assets was $4,185,000, $1,871,000
and $1,693,000 for the years ended February 28, 2007, 2006 and 2005,
respectively.

     Estimated amortization expense for the fiscal years ending February 28
is as follows:
                 2008              $3,542,000
                 2009              $3,130,000
                 2010              $2,578,000
                 2011              $1,996,000
                 2012              $1,660,000
                 Thereafter        $1,857,000



NOTE 6 - FINANCING ARRANGEMENTS AND CONTRACTUAL CASH OBLIGATIONS

Long-term Debt

      Long-term debt consists of the following (in thousands):

                                                          February 28,
                                                    ----------------------
                                                     2007            2006
                                                    ------          ------
Bank term loan payable and working capital
 line of credit with US Bank, repaid in
 full in May 2006                                   $    -         $ 7,642
Term loan with Bank of Montreal                      34,250             -
Capital lease obligations					    8             37
                                                    -------        -------
Total debt                                           34,258          7,679
Less portion due within one year                     (2,944)        (2,168)
                                                    -------        -------
Long-term debt                                      $31,314        $ 5,511
                                                    =======        =======

      The Company's credit agreement with U.S. Bank National Association ("US
Bank") was terminated during fiscal 2007.

      On May 26, 2006, the Company entered into a Credit Agreement (the
"Credit Agreement") with Bank of Montreal, as administrative agent, and the
other financial institutions that from time to time may become parties to the
Credit Agreement.  The credit facility is comprised of a term loan and a $10
million working capital line of credit.

      The Company initially borrowed $35 million under the term loan and $3
million under the line of credit.  Borrowings are secured by substantially
all of the assets of CalAmp Corp. and its domestic subsidiaries.  Of the
total proceeds of $38 million, $7 million was used to pay off the Company's
existing loans with US Bank and the remaining $31 million, plus cash on hand
of approximately $23 million, was used to fund the purchase price for the
Dataradio acquisition as described in Note 2.  In the fiscal 2007 third
quarter, the Company made a principal repayment of $750,000 on the term loan
and repaid in full the $3,000,000 principal balance of the line of credit.
At February 28, 2007, $2,375,000 of the line of credit was reserved for
outstanding irrevocable stand-by letters of credit, and $7,625,000 was
available to borrow.

     The term loan principal is payable in quarterly installments on the last
day of March, June, September and December in each year commencing on March
31, 2007 with a final payment of $8,563,000 on May 26, 2011.  The maturity
date of the line of credit is also May 26, 2011.  Scheduled principal
payments by fiscal year are as follows:

     Fiscal Year           Term Loan
     -----------           ---------
       2008              $ 2,936,000
       2009                4,893,000
       2010                6,850,000
       2011                8,807,000
       2012               10,764,000
                          ----------
                         $34,250,000
                         ===========

      At the Company's option, borrowings under the Credit Agreement bear
interest at bank's prime rate ("Prime Based Loans") plus a margin ranging
from 0% to 0.25% (the "Prime Rate Margin") or LIBOR ("LIBOR Based Loans")
plus a margin ranging from 0.75% to 1.25% (the "LIBOR Margin").  The Prime
Rate Margin and the LIBOR Margin vary depending on the Company's ratio of
debt to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization and other
noncash charges (the "Leverage Ratio").  Interest is payable on the last day
of the calendar quarter for Prime Based Loans and at the end of the fixed
rate LIBOR period (ranging from 1 to 12 months) in the case of LIBOR Based
Loans.  Under the Credit Agreement, the Company is also obligated to pay a
commitment fee on the unused portion of the $10 million line of credit.
During fiscal 2007, the commitment fee amounted to $14,000.

      The Credit Agreement contains certain financial covenants and ratios
that the Company is required to maintain, including a fixed charge coverage
ratio of not less than 1.50, a leverage ratio of not more than 2.75, and
minimum net worth of at least $141,394,000.  At February 28, 2007, the
Company was in compliance with all such covenants.

      The Credit Agreement includes customary affirmative and negative
covenants including, without limitation, negative covenants regarding
additional indebtedness, investments, maintenance of the business, liens,
guaranties, transfers and sales of assets, and the payment of dividends and
other restricted payments.  The Credit Agreement also contains certain events
of default, including the failure to make timely payments under the Credit
Agreement or other material indebtedness and the failure to adhere to certain
covenants, that would permit the bank to accelerate borrowings under the
Credit Agreement in the event that a default were to occur and not be cured
within applicable grace periods.


Contractual Cash Obligations

      Following is a summary of the Company's contractual cash obligations as
of February 28, 2007 (in thousands):

                    Future Cash Payments Due by Fiscal Year
                    ---------------------------------------
  Contractual                                                 There-
  Obligations        2008   2009    2010     2011     2012    after    Total
---------------     ------ ------  ------   ------   ------   ------  ------

Debt              $ 2,936  $4,893  $6,850  $ 8,807   $10,764      -   $34,250
Capital leases          9      -       -        -         -       -         9
Operating leases    2,420   2,209   1,654    1,526       382      23    8,214
Purchase
 obligations       38,397      35      -        -         39      -    38,471
                  -------  ------  ------   ------   ------    -----   ------
Total contractual
 cash obligations $43,762  $7,137  $8,504  $10,333   $11,185   $  23  $80,944
                  =======  ======  ======   ======    ======   =====   ======

      Purchase obligations consist of obligations under non-cancelable
purchase orders, primarily for inventory purchases of raw materials,
components and subassemblies.

      Rent expense under operating leases was $2,545,000, $2,291,000 and
$2,363,000 for fiscal years 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively.


NOTE 7 - INCOME TAXES

      The Company's income (loss) before income taxes consists of the
following (in thousands):
                                           Year ended February 28,
                                     ---------------------------------
                                       2007         2006         2005
                                     -------       ------       ------
        Domestic                    $(27,929)     $24,319      $13,089
        Foreign                         (478)         110         (161)
                                    --------      -------      -------
                                    $(28,407)     $24,429      $12,928
                                    ========      =======      =======

     The tax provision consists of the following (in thousands):

                                           Year ended February 28,
                                      --------------------------------
                                       2007         2006         2005
                                      ------       ------       ------
Current:
  Federal                            $   363      $ 2,056      $   185
  State                                  114          265          200
  Foreign                                 29          151         (121)
                                     -------       ------       ------
  Total current                          506        2,472          264
                                     -------       ------       ------
Deferred:
  Federal                              2,179        4,082        2,940
  State                                 (694)       2,155        1,202
                                     -------      -------      -------
  Total deferred                       1,485        6,237        4,142
                                     -------      -------      -------
Charge in lieu of taxes
 attributable to tax benefit
 from stock options and warrants         790        1,158          446
                                     -------      -------      -------
                                     $ 2,781      $ 9,867      $ 4,852
                                     =======      =======      =======

      Differences between the income tax provision and income taxes computed
using the statutory U.S. federal income tax rate are as follows (in
thousands):

                                           Year ended February 28,
                                      --------------------------------
                                       2007         2006         2005
                                      ------       ------       ------
Income tax at U.S. statutory
 federal rate (35% in 2007 and
 2006 and 34% in 2005)               $(9,942)     $ 8,550      $ 4,395
State income taxes, net of
 federal income tax effect               255        1,350          800
Foreign taxes                            192          113          (66)
In-process research and development    2,398           -           160
Impairment of goodwill                10,154           -            -
Valuation allowance reductions            -            -          (630)
Other, net                              (276)        (146)         193
                                     -------      -------      -------
                                     $ 2,781      $ 9,867      $ 4,852
                                     =======      =======      =======

      The components of the net deferred income tax asset (liability) at
February 28, 2007 and 2006 for U.S. income tax purposes are as follows (in
thousands):

                                             February 28,
                                       ----------------------
                                        2007            2006
                                       ------          ------
Inventory reserve                     $   537          $  838
Allowance for doubtful accounts           192              82
Warranty reserve                          507             194
Compensation and vacation accruals        486             170
Goodwill amortization                  (2,863)         (2,267)
Depreciation and amortization of
 other intangible assets                  753             (90)
Capitalized R&D cost amortization         135             227
Stock-based compensation                  781             -
Net operating loss carryforward         1,283           8,272
Financial accounting basis of net
 assets of acquired companies
 different than tax basis              (7,152)         (1,841)
Research and development credits        2,490             982
Other tax credits                       1,690           1,277
Other, net                                188             383
                                      -------          ------
                                         (973)          8,227
Valuation allowance                    (1,841)         (1,841)
                                      -------          ------
Net deferred tax asset (liability)     (2,814)          6,386

Less current portion                    4,637           4,042
                                      -------          ------
Non-current portion                   $(7,451)         $2,344
                                      =======          ======

     The Company also has deferred tax assets for Canadian income tax
purposes arising from the acquisition of Dataradio amounting to $3,375,000 at
February 28, 2007 which relate primarily to research and development tax
credits for Canadian federal and Quebec provincial income taxes.  Of this
total Canadian deferred tax assets amount, $2,196,000 existed at the time of
the Dataradio acquisition in May 2006 and $1,179,000 arose subsequent to the
acquisition.  The Company has provided a 100% valuation allowance against
these Canadian deferred tax assets at February 28, 2007.  If in the future a
portion or all of the $3,375,000 valuation allowance for the Canadian
deferred tax assets is no longer deemed to be necessary, reductions of the
valuation allowance up to $2,196,000 will decrease the goodwill balance
associated with the Dataradio acquisition, and reductions of the valuation
allowance in excess of $2,196,000 will reduce the income tax provision.

      At February 28, 2007, the Company had an aggregate net deferred tax
credit balance of $2,814,000.  The current portion of this amount is a
deferred tax asset of $4,637,000 and the noncurrent portion is a deferred tax
liability of $7,451,000.  The noncurrent portion of deferred income taxes is
comprised primarily of (i) a deferred tax liability of $4,878,000 associated
with acquired intangible assets of Dataradio and (ii) a deferred tax
liability of $2,863,000 related to goodwill arising from certain acquisitions
in prior years that is amortizable for income tax purposes but not for
financial reporting purposes.

     Vytek, which was acquired by the Company in April 2004, has tax loss
carryforwards and other tax assets that the Company believes will be
utilizable to some extent in the future, subject to change of ownership
limitations pursuant to Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code and to the
ability of the combined post-merger company to generate sufficient taxable
income to utilize the benefits before the expiration of the applicable
carryforward periods.  At February 28, 2007, the Company has a deferred tax
asset valuation allowance of $1,841,000 relating to the assets acquired in
the Vytek purchase.  If in the future a portion or all of the $1,841,000
valuation allowance is no longer deemed to be necessary, reductions of the
valuation allowance will decrease the goodwill balance associated with the
Solutions Division.  Conversely, if in the future the Company were to change
its realization probability assessment to less than 50%, the Company would
provide an additional valuation allowance for all or a portion of the net
deferred income tax asset, which would increase the income tax provision.

     At February 28, 2007, the Company had net operating loss carryforwards
("NOLs") of approximately $10.4 million and $17.7 million for federal and
state purposes, respectively.  The federal NOLs expire at various dates
through fiscal 2023, and the state NOLs expire at various dates through
fiscal 2014.

      As of February 28, 2007, the Company had foreign tax credit
carryforwards of $633,000 expiring at various dates through 2013 and research
and development tax credit carryforwards of $1,566,000 and $1,421,000 for
federal and state income tax purposes, respectively, expiring at various
dates through 2027.

      The Company has not provided withholdings and U.S. federal income taxes
on undistributed earnings of its foreign subsidiaries because such earnings
are or will be reinvested indefinitely in such subsidiaries or will be
approximately offset by credits for foreign taxes paid.  It is not practical
to determine the U.S. federal income tax liability, if any, that would be
payable if such earnings were not reinvested indefinitely.


NOTE 8 - STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

Stock Options

      Effective July 30, 2004, the Company adopted the 2004 Incentive Stock
Plan (the "2004 Plan").  Under the 2004 Plan, stock options can be granted at
prices not less than 100% of the fair market value at the date of grant.
Option grants become exercisable on a vesting schedule established by the
Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors at the time of grant,
usually over a four-year period.  Options can no longer be granted under the
Company's 1999 Stock Option Plan, the 1989 Key Employee Stock Option Plan, or
the 2000 Vytek stock option plan that was assumed by the Company in the Vytek
acquisition.

      Option grants are issued at market value on the date of grant and
generally become exercisable in four equal annual installments beginning one
year from the date of grant.  Option grants expire 10 years after the date of
grant.  The Company treats an option grant with graded vesting as a single
award for expense attribution purposes and recognizes compensation cost on a
straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the entire award.

      The following table summarizes the option activity for fiscal years
2007, 2006 and 2005 (in thousands except dollar amounts):

                                                      Weighted
                                     Number of         Average
                                      Options       Option Price
                                     --------        --------
Outstanding at February 28, 2004      2,578           $10.05
Granted                                 762             9.44
Assumed in Vytek acquisition            149            42.87
Exercised                              (309)            3.41
Forfeited or expired                   (536)           18.25
                                      -----           ------
Outstanding at February 28, 2005      2,644           $10.46
Granted                                 743             6.21
Exercised                              (516)            4.43
Forfeited or expired                   (248)           14.16
                                      -----           ------
Outstanding at February 28, 2006      2,623           $10.09

Granted                                 667            12.23
Exercised                              (341)            4.10
Forfeited or expired                   (488)           15.99
                                      -----           ------
Outstanding at February 28, 2007      2,461           $10.33
                                      =====           ======
Exercisable at February 28, 2007      1,370           $11.16
                                      =====           ======

      Changes in the shares of the Company's nonvested restricted stock
during the year ended February 28, 2007 were as follows (in thousands except
dollar amounts):
                                                     Weighted
                                     Number of        Average
                                      Shares        Fair Value
                                     --------       ----------
Outstanding at February 28, 2006         -            $   -
Granted                                  24             6.51
Vested                                   -                -
Forfeited                                (4)            6.51
                                      -----
Outstanding at February 28, 2007         20           $ 6.51
                                      =====

	At February 28, 2007, there were 1,694,101 award units available for
grant under the 2004 Plan.  The grant of one stock option is equal to one
award unit.  In the event other forms of equity awards, such as restricted
stock units (RSUs) or shares of restricted stock, are granted under the 2004
Plan, they will reduce the amount of award units available to grant under the
2004 Plan at the rate of 1.2 award units for each RSU or share of restricted
stock granted.

      The fair value of options at date of grant was estimated using the
Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions:

                                           Year ended February 28,
     Black-Scholes                    --------------------------------
Valuation Assumptions (1)              2007         2006         2005
------------------------              ------       ------       ------
Expected life (years) (2)                6            5             5
Expected volatility (3)               69%-81%      68%-95%      135%-136%
Risk-free interest rates (4)         4.6%-5.2%    3.9%-4.6%     3.3%-4.8%
Expected dividend yield                  0%           0%            0%

(1) Beginning on the date of adoption of SFAS No. 123R, forfeitures are
    estimated based on historical experience; prior to the date of adoption,
    forfeitures were recorded as they occurred.
(2) The expected life of stock options is estimated based on historical
    experience.
(3) The expected volatility is estimated based on historical volatility of
    the Company's stock price.
(4) Based on the U.S. Treasury constant maturity interest rate whose term
    is consistent with the expected life of the stock options.

      The weighted average fair value for stock options granted in fiscal
years 2007, 2006 and 2005 (2005 excludes the options and warrants assumed in
the Vytek acquisition) was $8.63, $4.51 and $8.06, respectively.

      The weighted average remaining contractual term and the aggregate
intrinsic value of options outstanding as of February 28, 2007 was 6.7 years
and $4.8 million, respectively.  The weighted average remaining contractual
term and the aggregate intrinsic value of options exercisable as of February
28, 2007 was 5.3 years and $3.4 million, respectively.  The total intrinsic
value for stock options exercised during the year ended February 28, 2007 was
$1,463,000.  Net cash proceeds from the exercise of stock options for the
year ended February 28, 2007 was $1,397,000 and the associated income tax
benefit was $568,000 for that same time period.

      Stock-based compensation expense for the year ended February 28, 2007
was $2,213,000.  Such expense is included in the following captions of the
consolidated statement of operations:

    Cost of revenues                         $  114
    Research and development                    265
    Selling                                     263
    General and administrative                1,571
                                             ------
                                             $2,213
                                             ======

     As of February 28, 2007, there was $5.9 million of total unrecognized
stock-based compensation cost related to nonvested stock options and
nonvested restricted stock.  That cost is expected to be recognized over a
weighted-average remaining vesting period of 3.0 years.


Preferred Stock Purchase Rights

      At February 28, 2007, 23,595,091 preferred stock purchase rights are
outstanding.  Each right may be exercised to purchase one-hundredth of a
share of Series A Participating Junior Preferred Stock at a purchase price of
$50 per right, subject to adjustment.  The rights may be exercised only after
commencement or public announcement that a person (other than a person
receiving prior approval from the Company) has acquired or obtained the right
to acquire 20% or more of the Company's outstanding common stock.  The
rights, which do not have voting rights, may be redeemed by the Company at a
price of $.01 per right within ten days after the announcement that a person
has acquired 20% or more of the outstanding common stock of the Company.  In
the event that the Company is acquired in a merger or other business
combination transaction, provision shall be made so that each holder of a
right shall have the right to receive that number of shares of common stock
of the surviving company which at the time of the transaction would have a
market value of two times the exercise price of the right.  750,000 shares of
Series A Junior Participating Cumulative Preferred Stock, $.01 par value, are
authorized.


Note 9 - EARNINGS PER SHARE

      Following is a summary of the calculation of basic and diluted weighted
average shares outstanding for fiscal 2007, 2006 and 2005 (in thousands):

                                               Year ended February 28,
                                          --------------------------------
                                           2007         2006         2005
                                          ------       ------       ------
Weighted average shares:
  Basic weighted average number
      of common shares outstanding        23,353       22,605       21,460

  Effect of dilutive securities:
    Stock options                            -            628          632
    Shares held in escrow			   -            182          101
                                          ------       ------       ------
  Diluted weighted average number
      of common shares outstanding        23,353       23,415       22,193
                                          ======       ======       ======

      Options outstanding at February 28, 2007 were excluded from the
computation of diluted earnings per share for the year then ended because the
Company reported a year-to-date net loss and the effect of inclusion would be
antidilutive (i.e., including such options would result in a lower loss per
share).

      Outstanding stock options in the amount of 533,000 and 836,000 at
February 28, 2006 and 2005, respectively, which had exercise prices ranging
from $10.49 to $304.67 and $7.95 to $304.67, respectively, were not included
in the computation of diluted earnings per share for the years then ended
because the exercise price of these options was greater than the average
market price of the common stock and accordingly the effect of inclusion
would be antidilutive.

      In connection with the acquisition of Vytek, at February 28, 2006,
224,876 shares of common stock were held in an escrow account to satisfy
indemnification claims by the Company as further described in Note 2 herein.
These shares held in escrow were excluded from the basic weighted average
number of common shares outstanding.  However, the dilutive impact of these
shares was included in the diluted weighted average number of common shares
outstanding in 2006 and 2005.


NOTE 10 - OTHER FINANCIAL INFORMATION

      "Net cash provided by operating activities" in the consolidated
statements of cash flows includes cash payments for interest and income as
follows (in thousands):

                                           Year ended February 28,
                                      --------------------------------
                                       2007         2006         2005
                                      ------       ------       ------

Interest paid                        $ 1,964      $  453        $ 462

Income taxes paid (net
  refunds received)                  $(1,364)     $2,721        $  78


      Following is the supplemental schedule of non-cash investing and
financing activities (in thousands):

                                           Year ended February 28,
                                      --------------------------------
                                       2007         2006         2005
                                      ------       ------       ------
Company common stock issued from
 escrow fund as additional
 purchase consideration for the
 2004 Vytek acquisition               $ 2,052      $   -        $   -

Fair value of Company common
 stock received as consideration
 from the sale of assets              $    -       $   190      $   -

Company common stock issued
 from escrow fund to reimburse
 legal fees of the Vytek
 Stockholder Representative           $    -       $    16      $   -

Issuance of common stock and
 assumption of stock options and
 warrants as consideration for
 acquisition of Vytek Corporation,
 net of common stock held in escrow   $    -       $     -      $83,384


Valuation and Qualifying Accounts

      Following is the Company's schedule of valuation and qualifying
accounts for the last three years (in thousands):

                                    Charged
                     Balance at   (credited)                           Balance
                      beginning  to costs and                           at end
                      of period    expenses    Deductions    Others  of period
                      ---------    --------    ---------    --------- --------

Allowance for doubtful accounts:
-------------------------------
    Fiscal 2005          211          192         (236)       310 (1)     477
    Fiscal 2006          477          (71)        (203)        -          203
    Fiscal 2007          203          116          (56)        84 (2)     347

Warranty reserve:
----------------
    Fiscal 2005          159          234         (514)       867 (1)     746
    Fiscal 2006          746          223         (492)        -          477
    Fiscal 2007          477        1,708         (981)        91 (2)   1,295


	(1) These represent amounts of allowances and reserves pertaining
          to the assets acquired from Vytek.

      (2) These represent amounts of allowances and reserves pertaining
          to the assets acquired from Dataradio.


NOTE 11 - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

Operating Lease Commitments

      The Company leases the building that houses its corporate office,
Products Division offices and manufacturing plant in Oxnard, California under
an operating lease that expires June 30, 2011.  The lease agreement requires
the Company to pay all maintenance, property taxes and insurance premiums
associated with the building.  In addition, the Products Division leases
small facilities in California, Minnesota and France.  In connection with the
May 2006 acquisition of Dataradio, the Company assumed facility leases in
Canada, Minnesota and Georgia.  The Solutions Division leases offices in
California.  The Company also leases certain manufacturing equipment and
office equipment under operating lease arrangements.  A summary of future
operating lease commitments is included in the contractual cash obligations
table in Note 6.

DBS Product Field Performance Issues

     During fiscal 2007, the Company received notification from Echostar, its
largest customer, that it was encountering field performance issues with a
DBS product that the Company shipped during calendar years 2004 through 2006.
After examining the various component parts used in the manufacture of these
products, it was determined by the Company that the performance issues were
the result of a deterioration of the laminate material used in the printed
circuit boards of these products.  During fiscal 2007, Echostar returned
approximately 250,000 units to the Company for testing and possible rework,
the majority of which were received by the Company during the fourth quarter
of fiscal 2007.  An additional 113,000 units have been returned by Echostar
to the Company subsequent to fiscal 2007, and it is possible that additional
units may be returned to the Company in the future.

     From the time the problem was isolated to the laminate material until
March 2007, the Company worked with the supplier of the laminate material and
with Echostar to identify a corrective action.  Notwithstanding these
efforts, on March 26, 2007 the laminate supplier filed a Complaint for
Declaratory Relief in the State of Massachusetts in which it claimed that it
is not responsible for the field performance issues of these DBS products.

     Also in March 2007, the Company learned that Echostar had awarded its
orders for this DBS product for future requirements beginning in June 2007 to
other suppliers.  The Company believes that the field performance issues were
the primary reason for the loss of this business.  The Company has continued
to work with Echostar to mitigate the impact of these performance issues and
to identify and implement a corrective action plan.  The Company believes
that this matter will adversely affect its sales volume with Echostar for
fiscal 2008.

     On May 16, 2007, the Company filed a lawsuit against the laminate
supplier in the U.S. District Court for the Central District of California
for negligence, strict product liability, intentional misrepresentation and
negligent interference with prospective economic advantage, among other
causes of action.

     The Company has established a warranty reserve as of February 28, 2007
that it believes is adequate to cover the resolution of these field
performance issues with Echostar.  However, if the ultimate resolution of
this matter causes the reserve amount to be exceeded, it could have a
material adverse effect on the Company's financial position and results of
operations.

NOTE 12 - LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

      A lawsuit was filed against the Company on September 15, 2006 by CN
Capital, the seller of the assets of Skybility which the Company acquired in
April 2005.  The lawsuit contends that the Company owes CN Capital
approximately $1.6 million under the earn-out provision of the Skybility
Asset Purchase Agreement dated April 18, 2005.  On February 26, 2007, the
Company filed a cross-complaint against CN Capital for breach of contract,
negligent interference with prospective economic advantage, and contract
rescission.  The Company believes the lawsuit filed by CN Capital is without
merit and intends to vigorously defend against this action.  No loss accrual
has been made in the accompanying financial statements for this matter.

     In addition to the foregoing matter, the Company from time to time is a
party, either as plaintiff or defendant, to various legal proceedings and
claims which arise in the ordinary course of business.  While the outcome of
these claims cannot be predicted with certainty, management does not believe
that the outcome of any of these legal matters will have a material adverse
effect on the Company's consolidated financial position or results of
operations.

      In May 2001, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") commenced
an investigation into the circumstances surrounding the misstatements in the
Company's consolidated financial statements for its 2000 and 2001 fiscal
years caused by its former controller.  In April 2004, the SEC concluded its
investigation and issued a cease and desist order directing the Company to
not violate federal securities laws in the future.


NOTE 13 - SEGMENT AND GEOGRAPHIC DATA

      Information by business segment is as follows:

<table>
                        Year Ended                                   Year Ended
                     February 28, 2007                          February 28, 2006
              ------------------------------------      ------------------------------------
             Operating Segments                         Operating Segments
             -------------------                        -------------------
             Products  Solutions                        Products  Solutions
             Division   Division  Corporate  Total      Division   Division  Corporate  Total
             --------   -------   -------    -----      --------   ------    -------   -----
<s>          <c>        <c>       <c>        <c>        <c>       <c>        <c>     <c>
Revenues:
  Products    $211,474 $  2,972             $214,446    $196,908  $ 4,363             $201,271
  Services       1,730    6,163                7,893        -      16,222               16,222
               -------    -----              -------     -------   ------              -------
  Total       $213,204 $  9,135             $222,339    $196,908  $20,585             $217,493
               ======    ======              =======     =======   ======              =======
Gross profit:
  Products    $ 45,207 $  2,627             $ 47,834    $ 45,589  $ 3,349             $ 48,938
  Services         330    1,237                1,567        -       3,808                3,808
               -------   ------              -------     -------    -----              -------
  Total       $ 45,537 $  3,864             $ 49,401    $ 45,589  $ 7,157             $ 52,746
               =======  =======              =======     =======    =====              =======
Gross margin:
  Products       21.4%     88.4%                22.3%      23.2%    76.8%                24.3%
  Services       19.1%     20.1%                19.9%       -       23.5%                23.5%
  Total          21.4%     42.3%                22.2%      23.2%    34.8%                24.3%

Operating
 income
 (loss)       $  9,800 $(32,928)  $(5,853) ($ 28,981)   $ 31,361  $(3,190)  $(4,278)  $ 23,893
               =======  =======     =====    =======      ======    =====    ======     ======

Identifiable
 assets       $219,095  $10,608   $   -     $229,703    $162,128  $42,218   $    -    $204,346
               =======   ======     =====    =======     =======   ======    ======    =======
</table>

                         Year Ended
                     February 28, 2005
             ------------------------------------
             Operating Segments
             -------------------
             Products  Solutions
             Division   Division  Corporate   Total
             -------    ------     -------    -----
Revenues:
  Products    $194,835   $ 5,263             $200,098
  Services        -       19,929               19,929
               -------    ------              -------
  Total       $194,835   $25,192             $220,027
               =======    ======              =======
Gross profit:
  Products    $ 35,765   $ 1,179             $ 36,944
  Services        -        4,434                4,434
               -------     -----              -------
  Total       $ 35,765   $ 5,613             $ 41,378
               =======     =====              =======
Gross margin:
  Products       18.4%     22.4%                18.5%
  Services         -       22.2%                22.2%
  Total          18.4%     22.3%                18.8%

Operating
 income
 (loss)       $ 25,316   $(8,051)  $(4,217)  $ 13,048
               =======     =====    ======    =======
Identifiable
 assets       $150,996   $45,759   $   -     $196,755
               =======    ======    ======    =======

      The Company considers operating income (loss) to be the primary measure
of profit or loss of its business segments.  The amount shown for each period
in the "Corporate" column above for operating income (loss) consists of
corporate expenses not allocated to the business segments.  Unallocated
corporate expenses include salaries for the CEO, CFO and several other
corporate staff members, and expenses such as audit fees, investor relations,
stock listing fees, director and officer liability insurance, and board of
director fees and expenses.

      The Company does not have significant long-lived assets outside the
United States.

      The Company's revenues were derived mainly from customers in the United
States, which represented 94%, 95% and 97% of consolidated revenues in fiscal
2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively.


NOTE 14 - QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION (unaudited)

      The following summarizes certain quarterly statement of operations data
for each of the quarters in fiscal years 2007 and 2006 (in thousands, except
percentages and per share data):

                                        Fiscal 2007
                  ---------------------------------------------------------
                   First      Second        Third       Fourth
                  Quarter     Quarter      Quarter      Quarter      Total
                  -------     -------      -------      -------     ------
Revenues          $46,313     $57,934      $61,092      $57,000   $222,339
Gross profit       10,927      14,011       12,702       11,761     49,401
Gross margin         23.6%       24.2%        20.8%        20.6%      22.2%
Net income(loss)  (34,051)      1,235          896          732    (31,188)
Net income (loss)
 per diluted share  (1.47)       0.05         0.04         0.03      (1.34)

                                        Fiscal 2006
                  ---------------------------------------------------------
                   First      Second        Third       Fourth
                  Quarter     Quarter      Quarter      Quarter       Total
                  -------     -------      -------      -------      ------
Revenues          $47,580     $57,661      $64,463      $47,789    $217,493
Gross profit       10,698      13,415       16,464       12,169      52,746
Gross margin         22.5%       23.3%        25.5%        25.5%       24.3%
Net income          1,977       3,681        5,439        3,465      14,562
Net income per
 diluted share       0.09        0.16         0.23         0.15        0.62

     The net loss in the fiscal 2007 first quarter is the result of the
Solutions Division impairment loss of $29,848,000 and the IPR&D write-off of
$6,850,000 associated with the acquisition of Dataradio.

Note 15 - RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

      Dataradio leases its facility in Montreal from a lessor that is
controlled by Dataradio's former President, who is now an employee of the
Company.  The Company believes that the terms of this facility lease are
commercially reasonable and comparable to market terms.


NOTE 16 - SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

      In March 2007, the Company split the Products Division into two
separate operating units:  the Satellite Division and the Wireless DataCom
Division.  The Satellite Division consists of the Company's DBS business, and
the Wireless DataCom Division consists of the remaining businesses of the
Products Division, including Dataradio, MRM, M2M and CalAmp's legacy wireless
businesses other than DBS.  The Company plans to use these two new divisions,
and the existing Solutions Division, as its reporting segments commencing
with the fiscal 2008 first quarter ending May 31, 2007.

      On March 16, 2007, the Company acquired Aircept, a vehicle tracking
business, from AirIQ Inc., a Canadian company ("AirIQ"), for cash
consideration of $19 million.  The source of funds for the purchase price was
the Company's cash on hand.  Aircept's business involves the sale of Global
Positioning Satellite (GPS) and cellular-based wireless asset tracking
products and services to vehicle lenders that specialize in automobile
financing for high credit risk individuals.  Aircept, which has approximately
35 employees, will become part of the Company's new Wireless DataCom
Division.  Aircept had revenues of approximately $15 million and a gross
profit margin of approximately 35% during calendar 2006.

      On April 4, 2007, the Company acquired the business and substantially
all the assets of SmartLink Radio Networks, a privately-held company, for
$8.1 million cash.  The source of funds for the purchase price was the
Company's cash on hand.  Smartlink provides proprietary interoperable radio
communications platforms and integration services for public safety and
critical infrastructure needs.  Based on a software defined switch,
SmartLink's platform provides interoperability without the need to replace
the installed base of land mobile radios.  SmartLink generated unaudited
revenues of approximately $2.9 million during the trailing 12 month period
ended March 31, 2007.  SmartLink is currently in the process of deploying its
platform for several important customers including Solano County, Calif., the
U.S. Department of Justice in San Francisco and Grand Bahama Power Company.
Depending on the size and scope of a deployment, a SmartLink system sale
generates revenues in the range of one hundred thousand dollars to several
million dollars.  CalAmp expects significant revenue growth for the Smartlink
business during the next 12 months based on the current backlog of
approximately $3.5 million and additional expected near-term deployments.
CalAmp will transition SmartLink's operations in Connecticut to its Dataradio
facilities in Montreal, Canada and Atlanta, Georgia over the next several
months.  Smartlink will become part of the Company's new Wireless DataCom
Division.


ITEM 9.  CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

      Not applicable.


ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

      Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

      The Company's principal executive officer and principal financial
officer have concluded, based on their evaluation of disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934) as of February 28, 2007, that the Company's disclosure
controls and procedures are effective to ensure that the information required
to be disclosed in reports that are filed or submitted under the Exchange Act
is accumulated and communicated to  management, including the principal
executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow
timely decisions regarding required disclosure and that such information is
recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods
specified in the rules and forms of the Securities Exchange Commission.

      Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

      The report of management of the Company regarding internal control over
financial reporting is set forth in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K
under the caption "Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting" and incorporated herein by reference.

      Attestation Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

      The attestation report of the Company's independent registered public
accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting is set
forth in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the caption "Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm" and incorporated herein by
reference.

      Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

      There were no changes in the Company's internal control over financial
reporting during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2007 that have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's
internal control over financial reporting.


PART III


ITEM 10.  DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

      Information about executive officers is included in Part I, Item 1 of
this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

      The following information will be included in the Company's definitive
proxy statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on August
1, 2007 and is incorporated herein by reference in response to this item:

* Information regarding directors of the Company who are standing for
       reelection.

* Information regarding the Company's Audit Committee and designated "audit
committee financial experts".

* Information on the Company's "Code of Business Conduct and Ethics" for
       directors, officers and employees.


ITEM 11.  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

      The information under the caption "Executive Compensation" in the
Company's definitive proxy statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders
to be held on August 1, 2007 is incorporated herein by reference in response
to this item.


ITEM 12.  SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT
          AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

     The information under the caption "Stock Ownership" in the Company's
definitive proxy statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held
on August 1, 2007 is incorporated herein by reference in response to this
item.

      Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans

      At February 28, 2007, the Company had four stock option plans, the
"1989 Plan", the "1999 Plan", the "2000 Plan" and the "2004 Plan".  Options
to purchase the Company's common stock have been granted to both employees
and non-employee directors.  Options can no longer be granted under the 1989,
1999 and 2000 Plans.  The 1989, 1999 and 2004 Plans were approved by the
Company's stockholders.  The 2000 Plan and outstanding employee stock options
thereunder were assumed by the Company in connection with the acquisition of
Vytek on April 12, 2004.

     Further information about these plans is set forth in Note 8 to the
consolidated financial statements.  Certain information about the plans is as
follows:

             Number of                              Number of securities
         securities to be     Weighted-average    remaining available for
           issued upon        exercise price       future issuance under
           exercise of        of outstanding        equity compensation
           outstanding           options,             plans (excluding
        options, warrants      warrants and        securities reflected in
           and rights             rights              the first column)
           -----------          ----------             -------------
            2,461,000             $10.33                 1,694,000
           ===========          ==========             =============


ITEM 13.  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR
INDEPENDENCE

      The information contained under the captions "Certain Relationships and
Related Transactions" and "Director Independence" in the Company's definitive
proxy statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on August
1, 2007 is incorporated herein by reference in response to this item.


ITEM 14.  PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES

      The information contained under the caption "Independent Public
Accountants" in the Company's definitive proxy statement for the Annual
Meeting of Stockholders to be held on August 1, 2007 is incorporated herein
by reference in response to this item.


                                 PART IV


ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

(a)   The following documents are filed as part of this Report:

     1. The following consolidated financial statements of CalAmp Corp. and
        subsidiaries are filed as part of this report under Item 8 -
        Financial Statements and Supplementary Data:


                                                            Form 10-K
                                                             Page No.
                                                             --------
        Management's Report on Internal Control Over
         Financial Reporting                                    36

        Reports of Independent Registered Public
         Accounting Firm                                        37-39

        Consolidated Balance Sheets                             40

        Consolidated Statements of Operations                   41

        Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity
         and Comprehensive Income (Loss)                        42

        Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows                   43

        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements              44


    2. Financial Statements Schedules:
       ------------------------------

      Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts is included in the
consolidated financial statements which are filed as part of this report
under Item 8 - Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.

      All other financial statement schedules for which provision is made in
the applicable accounting regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission are not required under the related instructions or are
inapplicable and, therefore, have been omitted.


    3.  Exhibits
        --------

        Exhibits required to be filed as part of this report are:

        Exhibit
         Number                  Description
         ------                  -----------

         2.1     Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization dated
                 December 23, 2003 between the Company and Vytek Corporation
                 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Company's
                 Registration Statement No. 333-112851 on Form S-4).

         3.1     Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
                 reflecting the change in the Company's name to CalAmp Corp.
                 and the increase in authorized common stock from 30 million
                 to 40 million shares (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
                 3.1 of the Company's Report on Form 10-Q for the period
                 ended August 31, 2004).

         3.2     Bylaws of the Company (incorporated by  reference to
                 Exhibit 3.2 of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for
                 the year ended February 28, 2005).

         4.1     Amended and Restated Rights Agreement, amended and restated
                 as of September 5, 2001, by and between Registrant and
                 Mellon Investor Services LLC, as Rights Agent (filed
                 herewith).

         4.2     Registration Rights agreement dated February 11, 2004, as
                 Exhibit H to the Agreement and Plan of Merger and
                 Reorganization dated December 23, 2003 among the Registrant,
                 Mobile Acquisition Sub, Inc., Vytek Corporation, and James E.
                 Ousley, as Stockholder Representative (incorporated by
                 reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Registrant's Registration
                 Statement on Form S-4 filed on February 13, 2004).

         10.     Material Contracts:

         (i)     Other than Compensatory Plan or Arrangements:

         10.1    Building lease dated June 10, 2003 between the Company and
                 Sunbelt Enterprises for a facility in Oxnard, California
                 (incorporated by  reference to Exhibit 10-1 filed with the
                 Company's Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended May 31,
                 2003).

         10.2    Credit Agreement dated as of May 26, 2006 between and among
                 the Company, certain subsidiaries of the Company and Bank of
                 Montreal as administrative agent (incorporated by reference
                 to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K
                 filed on June 2, 2006).

         10.3    Form of Directors and Officers Indemnity Agreement
                 (incorporated by  reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the
                 Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
                 February 28, 2005).

         (ii)    Compensatory Plans or Arrangements required to be filed as
                 Exhibits to this Report pursuant to Item 15 (b) of this
                 Report:

         10.4    1989 Key Employee Stock Option Plan (incorporated by
                 reference to Exhibit 4.4 of the Company's Registration
                 Statement No. 33-31427 on Form S-8).

         10.4.1  Amendment No. 1 to the 1989 Key Employee Stock Option Plan
                 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 of the Company's
                 Registration Statement No. 33-36944 on Form S-8).

         10.4.2  Amendment No. 2 to the 1989 Key Employee Stock Option Plan
                 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.8 of the Company's
                 Registration Statement No. 33-72704 on Form S-8).

         10.4.3  Amendment No. 3 to the 1989 Key Employee Stock Option Plan
                 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.10 of the
                 Company's Registration Statement No. 33-60879 on Form S-
                 8).

         10.5    The 1999 Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference to
                 Exhibit 4.1 of the Company's Registration Statement No.
                 333-93097 on Form S-8).

         10.6    CalAmp Corp. 2004 Stock Incentive Plan as amended and
                 Restated (filed herewith).

         10.7    Vytek Wireless, Inc. 2000 Stock Option Plan, as amended
                 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 of the Company's
                 Registration Statement on Form S-4 as filed February 13,
                 2004).

         10.8    Employment Agreement between the Company and Patrick
                 Hutchins dated May 31, 2002 (incorporated by
                 reference to Exhibit 10.6 filed with Company's Annual
                 Report on Form 10-K for the year ended February 28, 2004).

         10.9    Employment Agreement between the Company and Fred Sturm
                 dated May 31, 2002 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
                 10.7 filed with Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for
                 the year ended February 28, 2004).

         10.10   Employment Agreement between the Company and Richard
                 Vitelle dated May 31, 2002 (incorporated by reference to
                 Exhibit 10.9 filed with Company's Annual Report on Form
                 10-K for the year ended February 28, 2004).

         21      Subsidiaries of the Registrant.

         23      Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.

         31.1    Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to
                 Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

         31.2    Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to
                 Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

         32      Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief
                 Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the
                 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

(b)  Each management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to
be filed as an exhibit to this form is filed as part of Item 15(a)(3)Exhibits
and specifically identified as such.


(c) Other Financial Statement Schedules.     None


                                 SIGNATURES

     Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on May 17, 2007.

                                       CALAMP CORP.

                                       By:  /s/ Fred M. Sturm
                                           __________________________
                                           Fred M. Sturm
                                           Chief Executive Officer

     Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

      Signature                      Title                      Date


 /s/ Richard Gold         Chairman of the                    May 17, 2007
______________________    Board of Directors             ___________________
   Richard Gold


 /s/ Arthur Hausman       Director                           May 17, 2007
______________________                                   ___________________
   Arthur Hausman


/s/ A.J. Moyer            Director                           May 17, 2007
______________________                                   ___________________
   A.J. Moyer


/s/ Thomas Pardun         Director                           May 17, 2007
______________________                                   ___________________
   Thomas Pardun


 /s/ Frank Perna, Jr.     Director                           May 17, 2007
______________________                                   ___________________
   Frank Perna, Jr.


 /s/ Fred M. Sturm        President, Chief Executive         May 17, 2007
______________________    Officer and Director           ___________________
   Fred M. Sturm          (principal executive officer)


 /s/ Richard Vitelle      VP Finance, Chief Financial        May 17, 2007
______________________    Officer and Treasurer          ___________________
   Richard Vitelle        (principal accounting officer)



79


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
