<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>peregrine_10k-043003.txt
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
================================================================================
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549
                            ________________________
                                    FORM 10-K
(Mark One)
[X]      ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
         EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
         FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED APRIL 30, 2003

                                       OR

[ ]      TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
         EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

                         COMMISSION FILE NUMBER 0-17085
                         ------------------------------

                         PEREGRINE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.
             (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)

           DELAWARE                                              95-3698422
(State or other jurisdiction of                               (I.R.S. Employer
 incorporation or organization)                              Identification No.)

14272 FRANKLIN AVENUE, SUITE 100, TUSTIN, CALIFORNIA             92780-7017
    (Address of principal executive offices)                      (Zip Code)

                                 (714) 508-6000
              (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

    Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:   NONE
    Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:   COMMON STOCK

         Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports); and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. YES [X] NO [ ]

         Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to
Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of Registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K. [ ]

         Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an accelerated filer
(as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). YES [X] NO [ ]

         The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates
of the Registrant was approximately $193,687,000 as of July 18, 2003, based upon
a closing price of $1.55 per share. Excludes 4,896,503 shares of common stock
held by executive officers, directors, and shareholders whose ownership exceeds
5% of the common stock outstanding as of July 18, 2003.

         As of July 18, 2003, there were 129,855,663 shares of the Registrant's
common stock outstanding.

                       DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

         Part III of the Form 10-K is incorporated by reference from the
Registrant's Definitive Proxy Statement for its 2003 Annual Shareholders'
Meeting.

================================================================================


<PAGE>


                         PEREGRINE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.
                           ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K
                    FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED APRIL 30, 2003


                                TABLE OF CONTENTS


                                     PART I
Item  1.    Business                                                         1
Item  2.    Properties                                                      28
Item  3.    Legal Proceedings                                               29
Item  4.    Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders             29

                                     PART II

Item  5.    Market for Registrant's Common Equity and Related
              Stockholders' Matters                                         29
Item  6.    Selected Financial Data                                         30
Item  7.    Management's Discussion and Analysis of
              Financial Condition and Results of Operations                 31
Item  7A.   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
              About Market Risk                                             43
Item  8.    Financial Statements and Supplementary Data                     43
Item  9.    Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants
              on Accounting and Financial Disclosures                       44

                                    PART III

Item 10.    Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant              44
Item 11.    Executive Compensation                                          44
Item 12.    Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
              and Management                                                44
Item 13.    Certain Relationships and Related Transactions                  44

                                     PART IV

Item 14.    Controls and Procedures                                         45
Item 15.    Exhibits, Consolidated Financial Statement
              Schedules, and Reports on Form 8-K                            46




                                       i

<PAGE>

                                     PART I

ITEM 1. BUSINESS
        --------

         Except for historical information contained herein, this Annual Report
on Form 10-K contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of
Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. In light
of the important factors that can materially affect results, including those set
forth elsewhere in this Form 10-K, the inclusion of forward-looking information
should not be regarded as a representation by the Company or any other person
that the objectives or plans of the Company will be achieved. When used in this
Form 10-K, the words "may," "should," "plans," "believe," "anticipate,"
"estimate," "expect," their opposites and similar expressions are intended to
identify forward-looking statements. The Company cautions readers that such
statements are not guarantees of future performance or events and are subject to
a number of factors that may tend to influence the accuracy of the statements.
Factors that may cause such a difference include, but are not limited to, those
discussed in "Risk Factors and Forward-Looking Statements" beginning on page 22.


                                COMPANY OVERVIEW
                                ----------------

         Peregrine Pharmaceuticals, Inc., located in Tustin, California, is a
biopharmaceutical company primarily engaged in the research, development,
manufacture and commercialization of cancer therapeutics and cancer diagnostics
through a series of proprietary platform technologies using monoclonal
antibodies. During January 2002, the Company formed a wholly-owned subsidiary,
Avid Bioservices, Inc., to provide an array of contract manufacturing services,
including contract manufacturing of antibodies and proteins, cell culture
development, process development, and testing of biologics for biopharmaceutical
and biotechnology companies under current Good Manufacturing Practices ("cGMP").
Certain technical terms used in the following description of our business are
defined in a glossary of terms set forth on page 19.

         As used in this Form 10-K, the terms "we", "us", "our", "Company" and
"Peregrine" refers to Peregrine Pharmaceuticals, Inc., and its wholly-owned
subsidiaries, Avid Bioservices, Inc. and Vascular Targeting Technologies, Inc.

         Our principal executive offices are located at 14272 Franklin Avenue,
Suite 100, Tustin, California, 92780. Our internet website address is
www.peregrineinc.com. Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form
10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments thereto are available
free of charge on our internet website. These reports are posted on our website
as soon as reasonable practicable after such reports are electronically filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC").

         Peregrine's main focus is on the development of its collateral
targeting monoclonal antibody-based technologies ("Collateral Targeting
Agents"). Collateral Targeting Agents bind to or target stable structures found
in most solid tumors, such as structures found in the necrotic core of the tumor
or markers found specifically on tumor blood vessels. By attaching to these
collateral targets, Collateral Targeting Agents circumvent many of the problems
that have been experienced with technologies that target the surface of the
cancer cell itself. The key benefits of Collateral Targeting Agents are that (i)
a single agent may be used to treat a variety of cancer types, (ii) they
generally circumvent drug resistance, (iii) the antigens do not modulate, and
(iv) each targeting agent can be used to deliver a variety of different


                                       1
<PAGE>

therapeutic and diagnostic compounds to the tumor site. In pre-clinical and/or
clinical studies, these antibodies have demonstrated that they are capable of
targeting and delivering a variety of different therapeutic agents capable of
killing tumor cells resulting in significant tumor regressions. Peregrine
currently has exclusive rights to over eighty (80) issued U.S. and foreign
patents protecting various aspects of its technology and has additional pending
patent applications that it believes will further strengthen its position in the
Collateral Targeting Agent field.

         Our mission is to improve the quality of life of people suffering from
cancer and to increase shareholder value by commercializing our platform
technologies through in-house development, joint ventures, strategic alliances
and licensing arrangements. Our objective is to focus our resources on the
collection of human clinical data for our various therapeutic compounds. With
this data, we can either (i) internally seek regulatory approval for these
compounds, (ii) further develop the technology jointly through strategic
partnership arrangements or (iii) out-license the technology to other
pharmaceutical or biotechnology companies for their own development.

         The following chart summarizes the development status of the Company's
Collateral Targeting Agents currently in development by the Company:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
        TECHNOLOGY                  STUDY INDICATION                            DEVELOPMENT STATUS
  -----------------------    -------------------------------    ----------------------------------------------------
<S>                          <C>                                <C>
  Tumor Necrosis             Recurrent brain cancer             Registration study approved by FDA. A study which
  Therapy (TNT) /                                               meets the proper regulatory criteria for product
  Cotara(TM)                                                    registration is termed a "registration study".
                                                                Future clinical development is dependent on
                                                                licensing partner.

  TNT / Cotara(TM)           Recurrent / newly diagnosed        Phase II Completed.
                             brain cancer

  TNT / Cotara(TM)           Colorectal Cancer, Advanced        Phase I Ongoing.
                             Soft-tissue Sarcoma,
                             Pancreatic and Biliary Cancers

  TNT / Cotara(TM)           Liver Cancer                       Phase I closed.

  Vascular Targeting         Pre-clinical                       Late pre-clinical.
  Agents (VTAs)

  Vasopermeation             Pre-clinical                       Late pre-clinical.
  Enhancement Agents
  (VEAs)
</TABLE>

         In addition to Collateral Targeting Agents, we have a direct
tumor-targeting antibody, Oncolym(R), for the treatment of Non-Hodgkins B-cell
Lymphoma ("NHL"). The Phase I/II clinical study was designed to determine the
safety and efficacy of a single dose of Oncolym(R) in intermediate and high
grade NHL. During fiscal year 2002, we suspended patient enrollment for this
study and we are currently in the process of closing the current Phase I/II
clinical trial while we actively seek to license or partner the Oncolym(R)
product. We currently do not anticipate continuing with clinical studies without
a licensing or development partner for this technology.

                                       2
<PAGE>

         The following is a more in depth discussion of our three Collateral
Targeting Agents, Tumor Necrosis Therapy, Vascular Targeting Agents and
Vasopermeation Enhancement Agents, and our direct tumor targeting agent,
Oncolym(R).

                         TUMOR NECROSIS THERAPY ("TNT")
                         ------------------------------

         OVERVIEW. TNT, our most clinically advanced collateral targeting
antibody, acts by binding to dead and dying cells found primarily at the
necrotic core of the tumor. TNT antibodies are potentially capable of carrying a
variety of agents including radioisotopes, chemotherapeutic agents and cytokines
to the interior of solid tumors. Our first TNT-based product, Cotara(TM), is a
chimeric (an antibody which is part human and part mouse) TNT antibody
conjugated to a radioisotope, I-131. We currently have one ongoing Phase I
clinical trial at Stanford University Medical Center accepting patients with
colorectal cancer, advanced soft tissue sarcoma, or pancreatic cancer using
Cotara(TM). In February 2003, the Company received FDA approval to commence a
single registration study for Cotara(TM) in first recurrent glioblastoma
multiforme, a particularly deadly form of brain cancer. We are actively seeking
a strategic partner for the Cotara(TM) program. We currently do not plan on
initiating the registration trial until a strategic transaction has been
executed.

         NEW APPROACH TO CANCER THERAPY. TNT represents a novel approach to
cancer therapy for the treatment of solid tumors. Traditionally, cancer has been
diagnosed, classified and treated as several hundred different diseases based on
the location, cell of origin and characteristics of the cancer. This approach
generally requires different drugs to be developed to treat one or several
different cancer types. This has limited the utility of anti-cancer drugs and
demanded huge investments in research and drug development by pharmaceutical and
biotechnology companies. Understanding the enormous costs and limited success of
this approach, Peregrine's scientists have devoted years of research to
identifying markers that are common to all types of cancers and not accessible
in normal, healthy tissue. TNT is a cancer targeting technology that can
potentially target a broad spectrum of solid tumor cancers, representing an
exciting new approach to cancer therapy.

         MECHANISM OF ACTION. The concept behind TNT is that almost all solid
tumors develop a core of dead or dying cells known as necrosis or necrotic cells
in the center of the tumor mass as it grows. The outer membrane of necrotic
cancer cells becomes leaky, thus exposing the DNA on the inside of the cell.
Instead of targeting living cancer cells, TNT targets the necrotic and dead
cells, which can account for up to 50% of the mass of a tumor found throughout
the tumor mass but primarily at the tumor core. TNT binds to Deoxyribonucleic
Acid ("DNA") or DNA-associated proteins, such as histones, found within the
nucleus of virtually every cell. TNT is only able to reach the DNA target in
cells having porous nuclear and cellular membranes, since porosity is a property
uniquely associated with dead and dying cells found within solid tumors. As
such, DNA functions as a highly abundant but selective target. This DNA target
is not believed to modulate as is commonly seen with tumor-specific cell surface
antigens that are commonly used as targets with other antibody-based therapeutic
modalities. Thus, compared to a cell surface marker, the DNA target may be a
more stable and reliable target. Once concentrated in necrotic regions
throughout the tumor, TNT can deliver a toxic payload to neighboring viable
cancer cells, resulting in death of the tumor cells surrounding the necrotic
core.

         Each successive treatment with TNT potentially kills more cancer cells,
thereby increasing the necrotic area of the tumor. Thus, TNT potentially becomes
more effective upon subsequent doses, contrary to conventional chemotherapy,
which becomes less effective with subsequent doses due to increased drug
resistance. In essence, TNT potentially destroys the tumor from the inside out.
The TNT targeting mechanism could be the basis for a class of new products
effective across a wide-range of solid tumor types, including brain, lung,
colon, breast, liver, prostate and pancreatic cancers.

                                       3
<PAGE>

         COTARA(TM) REGISTRATION CLINICAL TRIAL. A Cotara(TM) Phase II interim
analysis of efficacy was performed in March 2001 on 29 advanced brain cancer
patients. The Kaplan-Meier Curve estimates show an overall median time to
progression ("MTTP") of 13.9 weeks and a median survival time ("MST") of 26.7
weeks. Of the 22 patients treated with recurrent glioblastoma multiforme
("GBM"), the MTTP was 13.9 weeks and the MST was 24.1 weeks. Per the goals of
the study, since the MTTP exceeded the historical control target of 8 weeks,
preliminary evidence from this trial indicates that Cotara(TM) had activity in
this patient population. In addition, among the 13 patients in this trial who
received at least one dose equal to the proposed dose in our planned
registration trial, the MTTP and MST are 16.9 and 44.3 weeks, respectively.
Although not statistically significant, this survival data compares favorably to
published survival data for temozolomide, the comparator drug proposed for our
planned registration study. Thus, Cotara(TM) shows promise as a therapy for
recurrent GBM and the Company believes this warrants further investigation.
Rather than expanding the Phase II clinical study and adding the comparator drug
to provide for further evaluation, we elected to move forward under a
multi-phase clinical protocol with a design that will allow for a preliminary
review of safety and efficacy and meets all criteria for product registration by
the FDA. If successful, the results from this study will serve as the basis for
product approval.

         We filed a protocol with the Food & Drug Administration ("FDA") in
February 2002 to commence a single registration clinical trial using Cotara(TM)
for the treatment of advanced brain cancer. We reached an agreement with the FDA
on a final registration protocol and we received notification of FDA approval in
February 2003.

         A protocol for a large registration clinical study will typically
contain hundreds of pages of detailed information. A clinical protocol for a
registration study must address every aspect of the proposed study including
what data should be collected, how the data should be collected and how the data
should be analyzed. The approved registration trial protocol is a large
multi-national study that was designed to reconcile differences in treatment
practices across multiple centers, countries and languages. The general concept
for a protocol is that any qualified physician should be able to properly
administer the study drug by following the procedures contained in the protocol.
A well designed registration protocol must contain a high level of detail so as
to ensure clinicians, nursing staff, clinical monitors and data management
personnel will have unambiguous guidance on how to perform procedures, report
adverse events, document data, evaluate and classify clinical benefits and
adverse events during the study. Properly written and followed protocols for a
registration clinical study provides adequate homogenous data to rigorously and
scientifically evaluate the safety and efficacy of the study drug against the
standard of care for the target disease. Proper study design and support is
critical to providing a sufficient body of data for the Company, regulatory
agencies and investors to properly evaluate the safety and efficacy of the study
drug. In addition, all manufacturing and product testing procedures must be
finalized prior to the start of such a registration trial.

         Under the protocol design that was approved by the FDA, the Cotara(TM)
registration study for brain cancer will begin with a group of approximately 60
patients treated with Cotara(TM). Additional detailed nuclear imaging data to
support the product label will be collected and a preliminary evaluation of the
data will be performed to determine if the study will be continued or
terminated. After the initial approximate 60 patients, the remaining patients
will be randomized to receive either Cotara(TM) or temozolomide.

         The Company received FDA approval to begin the registration study
design in February 2003. Since that time, we have been actively seeking a
strategic partner to fund the registration study prior to the commencement of
the registration trial.

                                       4
<PAGE>

         In addition to brain cancer, Stanford University Medical Center is
studying the safety, dosimetry, and maximum tolerated dose ("MTD") of Cotara(TM)
using intravenous injection for patients with either colorectal cancer, advanced
soft tissue sarcoma, or pancreatic cancer. These studies are designed to treat
three patients ("cohort") at each dose level, calculate dosimetry, record side
effects and monitor the patients for a minimum of eight weeks between cohorts.
If toxicities are not observed during these eight weeks, the next cohort of
three patients may be treated at the next higher dose. At the outset of the
study, it was not known what the maximum tolerated dose of Cotara(TM) would be.
Once the dose escalation is completed, additional patients will be treated at
the MTD (safe dose) to gain further experience with the drug and to provide the
basis of future studies. Due to the availability of patients, the vast majority
of patients recruited for this study have been colorectal cancer patients.


                       VASCULAR TARGETING AGENTS ("VTAs")
                       ----------------------------------

         OVERVIEW. VTAs utilize monoclonal antibodies and other targeting agents
that recognize markers found on tumor blood vessels. VTAs act in a two step
process whereby the VTA first binds to the tumor blood vessels and then induces
a blood clot in the tumor blood vessels. The formation of the blood clot stops
the flow of oxygen and nutrients to the tumor cells, resulting in a wave of
tumor cell death. VTAs have the potential to be effective against a wide variety
of solid tumors since every solid tumor in excess of two millimeters in size
forms a vascular network to enable it to continue growing and since tumor
vasculature markers are believed to be consistent among various tumor types.
Another potential advantage of the VTA technology is that the cells targeted by
VTAs do not mutate to become drug resistant. Drug resistance caused by the
instability and mutability of cancer cells is a significant problem with
conventional therapeutic agents that must directly target the cancer cells of
the tumor.

         NEW APPROACH TO CANCER THERAPY. The traditional approach to cancer
therapy has focused on directly targeting and destroying cancer cells while
damaging surrounding healthy cells. However, drugs that target specific cancer
cells must overcome a significant number of structural barriers in order to
succeed. They must first exit from the blood vessels inside the tumor, migrate
past the support structures that underlie the vessels and eventually make their
way to the tumor cells. These barriers have posed significant challenges to
traditional cancer therapies. A potential solution is to attack the tumor blood
vessels that supply the tumor cells with nutrients and oxygen instead of the
tumor cells themselves which is the basis of Vascular Targeting Agents.

         VASCULAR TARGETING AGENTS VERSUS ANTI-ANGIOGENISIS. The VTA technology
differs from conventional anti-angiogenesis therapy in that VTAs act by shutting
off the supply of oxygen and nutrients to tumor cells by inducing clot formation
in existing tumor-blood vessels. By contrast, anti-angiogenesis compounds
typically work by inhibiting the growth of new tumor blood vessels. In
inhibiting the growth of new tumor blood vessels, tumor growth may be
diminished, but the existing tumor can maintain its bulk by utilizing the
existing tumor blood vessels. The VTA approach, therefore, is designed to
provide a therapeutic effect for the destruction of existing tumors.

         MECHANISM OF ACTION. The Vascular Targeting Agent ("VTA") technology is
based on the concept that virtually all detectable tumors rely on a tumor
vascular network to obtain oxygen and nutrients. In pre-clinical animal studies,
VTAs have shown to be potent anti-cancer agents that act by cutting off the
supply of oxygen and nutrients to tumor cells by causing blood clots to form
within the tumor's blood supply network. VTAs localize within the tumor
vasculature by selectively binding to the flat endothelial cells that line tumor
blood vessels. Once the VTA binds to its target, it initiates a blood clotting

                                       5
<PAGE>

effect. VTAs may be very potent anti-tumor agents because they create two
amplified processes that have a devastating effect on the tumor. The first
process is the initiation of the coagulation cascade, which is a highly
amplified, self-sustaining reaction in which a huge number of blood clotting
molecules are generated, leading to complete clotting of the tumor blood vessels
within a matter of minutes. A second level of amplification occurs at the
structural level where blockage of a single capillary results in the destruction
of thousands of tumor cells. As a result, small quantities of VTAs localized in
the tumor's vascular system may cause an avalanche of tumor-cell death.

         PRE-CLINICAL STUDIES. In pre-clinical animal studies, VTAs have been
able to induce the formation of clots in tumor blood vessels within 30 minutes
leading to tumor cell death. Within days, large tumor masses have been shown to
disintegrate and have left nearby healthy tissue intact and fully functional.

         Pre-clinical research is currently being conducted by Dr. Philip Thorpe
and his scientific team at the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center
at Dallas under our sponsored research agreement. The results of some of this
research program were highlighted by presentations at the 2003 American
Association for Cancer Research ("AACR") annual meeting in Washington, D.C. and
the Angiogenesis II Conference in Paris, France and the publishing of a research
article in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences in June of 2002.
Dr. Philip Thorpe and his research collaborators have demonstrated that these
new compounds suppressed the growth of a variety of human and mouse solid tumors
growing in mice and may be a promising anti-cancer candidate for clinical
trials.

         We have decided that in order to move our VTA program into human
clinical studies, we will pursue a chimeric or fully human monoclonal antibodies
in addition to the murine antibodies originally raised at the University of
Texas Southwestern Medical Center at Dallas. The Company is currently working
with a number of human antibody generation companies to develop fully human
antibodies for its most promising VTA targets. The collaborations include both
fee-for-service and partnering arrangements. Human and chimeric antibodies are
currently being evaluated for suitability as clinical candidates. We anticipate
we will be successful in the generation of a clinical candidate and anticipate
that our first VTA will begin human clinical studies in calendar year 2004.


                                       6
<PAGE>

                   VASOPERMEATION ENHANCEMENT AGENTS ("VEAs")
                   ------------------------------------------

         OVERVIEW. VEAs are a new class of drugs, which are designed to increase
the uptake of cancer therapeutics and imaging agents into the tumor at the tumor
site, potentially resulting in greater efficacy. VEAs work by using monoclonal
antibodies to deliver known vasoactive compounds (i.e., molecules that cause
tissues to become more permeable) selectively to solid tumors. VEAs currently
use the same targeting agent as TNT to deliver an agent that makes the blood
vessels inside the tumor more permeable (leaky). Once localized at the tumor
site, VEAs alter the physiology and the permeability of the vessels and
capillaries that supply the tumor. In pre-clinical studies, drug uptake has been
increased up to 400% in solid tumors when VEAs were administered several hours
prior to the chemotherapeutic treatment. VEAs are intended to be used as a
pre-treatment for most existing cancer therapies and imaging agents.

         The increased permeability of the tumor blood vessels makes it possible
to deliver an increased concentration of killing agents into the tumor where
they can potentially kill the living tumor cells. VEAs may be effective across
multiple tumor types.

         BARRIERS TO EXISTING CANCER THERAPIES. Most traditional approaches to
cancer therapy attempt to directly destroy individual cancer cells. Drugs that
target cancer cells must overcome a significant number of structural barriers
within the tumor in order to be effective. They must first exit the tumor blood
vessels, migrate past the support structures that underlie the vessels and
eventually make their way to the cancer cells. As a result of these structural
barriers, very little drug injected into the blood stream of a patient is able
to reach and destroy cancer cells. One potential solution to this problem is to
increase the permeability of the blood vessels within the tumor which will
permit more therapeutic drug to reach and kill substantially more cancer cells.

         MECHANISM OF ACTION. Vasopermeation Enhancement Agents are designed to
increase the uptake of existing and future cancer therapeutics and imaging
agents at the tumor site, potentially resulting in greater efficacy. VEAs act by
using monoclonal antibodies to deliver known vasoactive compounds (molecules
that cause tissues to become more permeable) selectively to solid tumors. Once
localized at the tumor site, VEAs alter the physiology and the permeability of
the vessels and capillaries that supply the tumor. VEAs are intended to be used
as a pre-treatment for most existing cancer therapies and imaging agents and may
be effective across multiple tumor types.

         PRE-CLINICAL STUDIES. VEAs are currently in late pre-clinical
development in collaboration with Dr. Alan Epstein and his scientific team at
the University of Southern California Medical Center. In pre-clinical studies,
drug uptake has been increased up to 400% in solid tumors when VEAs were
administered several hours prior to the therapeutic treatment. Recently
published pre-clinical studies demonstrated the ability of the VEA technology to
significantly increase the anti-tumor activity of several leading chemotherapy
drugs including 5-FU, doxorubicin, vinblastine, BCNU, Taxol, or VP-16. In
general, the enhancement of chemotherapeutic drug effects from these studies
could be divided into two categories: (1) those tumors which normally respond to
a given drug, such as human colon carcinoma treated with doxorubicin, which were
found to have a significant increase in anti-tumor response following VEA
pretreatment; (2) those tumors which normally do not respond to a given drug,
such as lung carcinoma treated with Taxol, which were found to have an increase
in response. This data represents a major advance in the VEA program and was
presented at last year's annual meeting of the American Society of Clinical
Oncology ("ASCO"). Our researchers have met with top chemotherapy experts to
review the VEA pre-clinical data and received important advice on how to design
a clinical study for the lead VEA compound.

                                       7
<PAGE>

         The Company has a fully human clinical candidate for the VEA
technology. This candidate will be used for cGMP manufacturing and completion of
toxicology studies necessary for human clinical studies. In order to complete
toxicology studies, the Company must choose the chemotherapy drug(s) to be used,
the tumor type to be treated and the therapeutic regimen to be used in the Phase
I study. Depending on the trial design and the animal species to be used, the
cost of the studies can be significant depending on the complexity of the study.
The Company is actively pursuing licensing partners for this technology and may
elect to have the potential partner finalize the clinical and pre-clinical
programs including the toxicology studies. In any case, the Company will
continue with manufacturing plans through Avid Bioservices, Inc. so that it is
in a position to begin the pre-clinical toxicology studies as soon as the
development plans are finalized.

         In addition to Collateral Targeting Agents, the Company has one
antibody technology, Lym-1, that directly targets lymphoma cancer cells.

                                LYM-1 TECHNOLOGY
                                ----------------

         OVERVIEW. The Lym-1 antibody is a murine monoclonal antibody that
recognizes a protein on the (beta)-chain of HLA-DR, a cell surface marker
present on over 80% of non-Hodgkin's Lymphomas. The HLA-DR 10 protein was the
location of the epitope first isolated and described in 1996 by Rose et. al.
(Cancer Immunology and Immunotherapy). This HLA-DR Lym-1 binding epitope is
highly specific for non-Hodgkins Lymphomas. Lym-1 monoclonal antibody
selectively targets lymphoma cancer cells and promises to spare healthy B-cells,
necessary to fight infection.

         NON-HODGKIN'S LYMPHOMA ("NHL"). NHL is a malignant growth of cells in
the lymph system. The lymph system is a connecting network of glands and
vessels, which manufacture and circulate lymph throughout the body. Under the
"Revised European-American Classification of Lymphoid Neoplasms", NHL is
sub-divided into two classes: indolent and aggressive. Indolent lymphomas affect
about 35% of the patients newly diagnosed with the disease. Indolent lymphoma
usually presents as a nodal (involving the lymph nodes) disease. Survival from
the time of diagnosis with indolent disease averages 5 to 7 years. Aggressive
lymphoma affects some 65% of the newly diagnosed cases of NHL and has average
survival rates of 2-5 years in intermediate and six months to 2 years in
high-grade disease. Aggressive lymphomas usually present with large extranodal
(outside the lymph nodes) bulky tumors.

         ONCOLYM(R). Oncolym(R) is the registered trade name for the
radioimmunoconjugate formed when the Lym-1 antibody is combined with the
radioactive isotope, I-131. I-131 appears to have a number of advantages as a
therapeutic radionuclide. The primary potential advantage is that beta radiation
emissions from the isotope (the energy that kills the cancer cells) penetrate
several millimeters through tissue killing some 300 cells layers around the
antibody. This makes the radioimmunoconjugate therapy potentially effective
against tumors, because it negates the need to target each and every cancer cell
individually.

         CLINICAL TRIALS. To date, 137 patients were exposed in 7 IND protocols,
of which, 120 patients have been treated with a therapeutic dose of Oncolym(R).
Data on 113 patients is currently available. In these trials, some patients have
achieved complete remissions ("CR") where there is no detectable tumor and some
achieved partial remissions ("PR") where there is at least a 50% shrinkage of
the tumor mass. To date, 47 patients with an indolent form of NHL have been
treated, of which 28 were responders (60% response rate) with 8 CR's and 20
PR's. In addition, 66 patients with an aggressive form of NHL were treated, of
which, there were 17 responders (26% response rate) with 6 CR's and 11 PR's.
Radiation dosimetry demonstrates a tolerable safety index. Minor side effects


                                       8
<PAGE>

such as thrombocytopenia (low platelet count) and leukopenia (low white blood
cell count) have been observed. Clinical studies have revealed that the side
effects appear to be reversible, manageable and to resolve without
complications.

         We suspended clinical studies during fiscal year 2002. We are currently
seeking a licensing or joint venture partner for the Oncolym(R) technology
before we move the study forward. We do not anticipate continuing with clinical
studies without a licensing or development partner for this technology.

                             LICENSE COLLABORATIONS
                             ----------------------

         In addition to product development and clinical trial activities,
pursuant to our strategic plan, we intend to optimize our platform technologies
and increase shareholder value by entering into strategic partnerships, joint
ventures, licensing arrangements, research collaborations and other strategic
arrangements. The broad nature of Peregrine's technology platforms allows us to
out-license certain aspects of our technology while maintaining certain rights
to technologies we plan to develop internally.

         The overall goal of our licensing strategy is to develop a number of
strategic relationships for the development of our platform technologies, thus
increasing the chances that one or more of our anti-cancer products will be
commercialized. We believe that there are numerous opportunities for exclusive
and non-exclusive licenses (access to our conceptual patents without
exclusivity) of our TNT, VTA and VEA platform technologies. Even though we may
grant exclusive licenses to other companies, our broad patent coverage allows us
to maintain the ability to continue to develop our own products for
commercialization. Given our extensive technology portfolio, we intend to pursue
structures such as out-licensing specific uses of its technologies and joint
collaboration agreements in which the outside collaborator may fund all
pre-clinical and early clinical trial work.

         As a general rule, the structure and size of a licensing or
collaboration is determined by the amount of data that the Company has on the
safety and efficacy of the compound and on the potential market for the
compound. In short, the lower the risk and the higher the potential return for
the potential partner, the higher the amount a partner is willing to pay for
access to the technology. There are many factors, including but not limited to,
market size, potential competition, manufacturing costs, potential for product
acceptance, and first product to market, which affect the value of a particular
technology, although clinical data usually drives value. There will always be
exceptions to this general rule.

         Product safety and efficacy data is generated in several stages with
each successive stage costing significantly more money. The first stage is to
take a scientific concept and test it in a "model" on particular cell types (IN
VITRO testing). If there is success at this level, the technology may be
advanced into a living system by conducting animal model testing (IN VIVO
testing). If animal model testing shows promising results, the compound may be
advanced to pre-clinical toxicology studies in preparation for human clinical
studies. Human studies are divided into three phases. Phase I studies are
designed to measure the safety, drug distribution and dose of the drug in a
relatively small number of patients. Phase II studies are used to determine the
efficacy of the drug, confirm safety, and to confirm the dosing. Phase III (a
properly design Phase III can be used for product registration) is used to test
the drug rigorously in a well controlled setting to determine the drug's safety
in a larger clinical setting for the targeted disease. As a drug advances
through the various stages of development, it generally continues to gain value,
assuming success. During Phase III clinical studies, a technology will gain or


                                       9
<PAGE>

lose most of its value based on the clinical data. The three most optimal times
for value creation (or loss) in a Phase III trial are at the time interim safety
and efficacy data is reviewed (usually 25-50% through the study), at the time of
release of full study results (at the completion of the study) and at approval
by the regulatory agencies for marketing. With each milestone, the prospects of
a drug are better understood, so each successive event creates (or loses)
significant value, depending on clinical results. The more data that is known
about a particular technology, the more accurately its value can be determined.
This valuation is a critical determining factor in the technology value in a
licensing or joint venture structure.

         The Company has technologies in various stages of the development
cycle. Below we outline each technology and the current plans for licensing
and/or joint ventures. The Company is currently in varying levels of discussions
with potential partners for each of its platform technologies.

                         TUMOR NECROSIS THERAPY PLATFORM

         COTARA(TM). The Company has designed the registration clinical study
for the treatment of brain cancer so that a preliminary review of the safety and
efficacy can be performed. The Company believes that having an interim data
review from the registration clinical study will make it more attractive for
potential licensing and/or marketing partners. Technology reviews by potential
partners range from completed due diligence to initial technology review. There
can be no guarantees that we will be successful in obtaining a licensing partner
for the technology.

         HUMAN TNT USED TO DELIVER CYTOKINES. The Company has exclusively
licensed this technology to Merck KgaA in October 2000. To the Company's
knowledge, Merck KGaA has not publicly disclosed the development status of the
project.

         TNT USED AS AN IMAGING AGENT. The Company is performing pre-clinical
work and is evaluating potential clinical candidates for imaging enhancing
agents to be used to determine efficacy of anti-cancer drugs in real time. If
pre-clinical work is successful, the Company's strategy is to license this
technology for human clinical development. There can be no guarantees that we
will be successful in obtaining a licensing partner for the technology.

         TNT FOR VETERINARY USES. The Company is overseeing pre-clinical studies
that are being conducted by a veterinary group to determine the safety and
preliminary efficacy for uses on animals. If successful, the Company plans to
license this use of the technology. The Company believes TNT is a promising
candidate for veterinary uses because of the technology's ability to be used
across various animal species. This is because the DNA structures which the
antibody targets is common among all species. There can be no guarantees that we
will be successful in obtaining a licensing partner for the technology.

                    VASOPERMEATION ENHANCEMENT AGENT PLATFORM

         NHS76/PEP. The Company believes this antibody technology is an
excellent candidate for clinical development. The Company funded pre-clinical
studies showing the effectiveness of the NHS76/PEP which was published
extensively this year in various peer review journals. The Company will use
these published results to support its efforts to attract potential licensing
partners. The Company is currently in partnering discussions with several
pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies. The Company plans to license or
joint venture this technology for human clinical development. There can be no
guarantees that we will be successful in obtaining a licensing partner for the
technology.

                                       10
<PAGE>

                       VASCULAR TARGETING AGENTS PLATFORM

         We have received extensive patent coverage in the VTA field. In order
to maximize the potential of this technology, we have developed a strategy to
license, partner and internally develop the technology. We are aware of many
companies that are actively developing VTA-based compounds or have shown an
interest in researching this area.

         Consummating a licensing or joint venture agreement can take a
significant amount of time and effort. In our experience, after the initial
introduction to a company, there is usually a face-to-face meeting set up
between the business development groups and scientific staff from each company,
which usually takes between 30 and 60 days to coordinate schedules. Prior to
this meeting, a non-confidential package is sent to the interested party
covering the technology of interest. In early meetings, the companies make
presentations to each other on the overall capabilities and philosophies of the
corporations followed by technical presentations on the technologies that are of
interest. When dealing with larger biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies,
several levels of discussions may be necessary to determine the technology is
consistent with their corporate strategic plan. Once both parties feel that
there is a valuable technology and a strategic fit, then detailed discussions
take place including pre-clinical and clinical development strategies,
regulatory issues and deal structure. All of these discussions may take place
prior to entering into a confidentiality agreement. Once a confidentiality
agreement is in place, detailed information such as unpublished experimental
results and non-public patent information can be exchanged. Once this
confidential information is exchanged and reviewed, additional face-to-face
meetings may be necessary to answer questions and to discuss appropriate ways to
move forward or to discuss reasons for not moving forward. In these follow-up
meetings, most of the key issues for testing and development of the drug
candidate are discussed and a punch list of additional information that is
needed for a decision to be made is identified. Some issues on the list may be
easily addressed, and others may require additional pre-clinical testing. In
many cases, a material transfer agreement will be signed and the drug will be
supplied to the potential licensee for internal evaluation, which can last up to
one year. If everything remains positive, the companies can finalize the terms
of the license or joint venture arrangement. Non-exclusive licenses will be much
less complex than joint ventures and the contract process can take up to six
months or more to complete. The total time necessary to complete this complex
process may be from a few months for straight forward arrangements to over one
year for complex or extensive arrangements.

         A more detailed discussion on all of the Company's significant
collaboration agreements is further discussed in the notes to the consolidated
financial statements contained herein.

                  PUBLICATION OF PRE-CLINICAL AND CLINICAL DATA
                  ---------------------------------------------

         Much of the Company's pre-clinical and clinical research has been
published through peer review journals and/or presentations at professional
scientific conferences. Publication of clinical and pre-clinical research data
for peer review at scientific conferences and/or through peer review journals is
necessary for the scientific evaluation of the Company's technologies and is an
accepted practice in the industry. The Company relies on researchers at
universities and medical centers to conduct research, compile data and to submit
their findings for publication. Although the Company encourages all of its
researchers to publish their data, the Company has little control over the
timing and content of the publication. Publishing data can take a significant
amount of time and effort for researchers. The Company supports its researchers
in any way it can to assist them in the publication of data pertaining to its
various technologies.

                                       11
<PAGE>

                   ANTIBODY CONTRACT MANUFACTURING FACILITIES
                   ------------------------------------------

         During January 2002, we announced the formation of Avid Bioservices,
Inc. ("Avid"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Peregrine, to provide an array of
contract manufacturing services, including contract manufacturing of antibodies
and proteins, cell culture development, process development, and testing of
biologics for biopharmaceutical and biotechnology companies under current Good
Manufacturing Practices ("cGMP").

         Operating a cGMP facility requires highly specialized personnel and
equipment that must be maintained on a continual basis. Prior to the formation
of Avid, we manufactured our own antibodies for over 10 years and developed the
manufacturing expertise and quality systems to provide the same service to other
biopharmaceutical and biotechnology companies. We believe Avid's existing
facility is well positioned to meet the growing needs of the industry. Avid is
also well positioned to increase its capacity in the future in order to become a
significant supplier of contract manufacturing services.

         Due to the forethought and planning, Avid's facility can be relatively
easily expanded in several phases in order to increase its capacity. When the
Avid facility was designed and built, it was anticipated that significant future
capacity would be needed. Therefore, excess capacity was built into the
manufacturing plant's utility systems. As a result, significant new capacity can
be added by installing up to two additional bioreactors in the existing facility
which would use the existing plant's utility system. In addition, much larger
capacity could be added by building out additional bioreactor and downstream
processing suites in an adjacent warehouse, which is currently subleased. The
current facility was recently modified to accommodate the addition of one
500-liter and one 100-liter bioreactor in our existing manufacturing suite. A
much larger expansion could be implemented when current capacity utilization
reaches close to maximum capacity. This expansion could possibly add three
additional bioreactor trains with potential maximum reactor size up to
1500-liters, downstream processing suites, and support facilities. This
expansion will not occur for at least the next twelve months and will only occur
if there is committed contracts sufficient to justify the expansion and if the
Company has the capital to move forward with such an expansion. In addition,
current and potential clients have expressed an interest in acquiring long-term
capacity in an expanded facility.

         Avid can provide an array of services to a variety of companies in the
biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries. Even though much of the process is
very technical, knowledge of the process will help investors understand the
overall business. The manufacturing of monoclonal antibodies and recombinant
proteins under cGMP is a complex process and includes several phases before the
finished product is released to the client. The first phase of the manufacturing
process is to receive the production cell line (the cells that produce the
desired protein) and any available process information from the client. The cell
line must be adequately tested according to FDA guidelines by an outside
laboratory to certify that it is suitable for cGMP manufacturing. This testing
generally takes between one and three months to complete, depending on the
necessary testing. The cell line that is sent may either be from a master cell
bank (base cells from which all future cells will be grown), which is already
fully tested or may represent a research cell line. In the case of a research
cell line, Avid can use the research cell line to produce master and working
cell banks. In parallel to the production of the master and working cell banks,
the growth and productivity characteristics of the cell line may be evaluated in
the research and development labs and paper work to support the production plan
and the IND filing may be continuously drafted. The whole manufacturing process
(master cell bank characterization, process development, assay development, raw
materials specifications, test methods, downstream processing methods,
purification methods, viral clearance and testing methods and final release
specifications) must all be developed and documented prior to the commencement

                                       12
<PAGE>

of manufacturing in the bioreactors. The second phase of the process is in the
manufacturing facility. Once the process is developed, pilot runs may be
performed using smaller scale bioreactors, such as 1 to 5 liter and 22.5 liter
bioreactors, in order to confirm and verify the process. Once the process is
set, a pilot run at full scale may be performed to finalize batch record
development and possibly used for toxicology study material. After the pilot
batch run is completed, a full scale cGMP manufacturing run may be initiated.
Once the cGMP run is completed, batch samples are sent to an outside lab for
various required tests, including sterility and viral testing. Once the test
results verify the antibodies meet specifications, the product is released and
shipped to the client.

         Each client will tailor its contract to meet its specific needs. Full
process development from start to cGMP product release can take ten months or
longer. Research and development work can take from two months to over six
months. All stages of manufacturing can generally take between one to four
weeks. Product testing and release can take up to three months to complete.

         Given its inherent complexity, necessity for detail, and magnitude
(contracts may be into the millions of dollars) the contract negotiations and
sales cycle for cGMP manufacturing services can take a significant amount of
time. The Company believes the sales cycle from client introduction to signing
an agreement will take anywhere between three to six months to over one year.
Introduction to Avid's services will usually come from word of mouth, exposure
from direct mailings, exposure from attendance at conferences or from
advertising in trade journals. The Company believes word of mouth will be the
most significant source of new clients once its reputation has been successfully
established by timely contract performances. The sales cycle consists of the
introduction phase, the proposal phase, the audit phase, the contract phase and
the project initiation phase. The client sets the speed at which the process
moves.

         To date, Avid has been audited and qualified by both large and small
biotechnology companies interested in the production of monoclonal antibodies
for clinical trial use. Since inception, Avid has established five outside
contract manufacturing agreements. The Company anticipates that additional
contracts will be signed during the ensuing year.

         In addition to licensing, partnering or the divestiture of some of our
technologies to raise capital, we are also exploring a possible strategic
transaction related to our subsidiary, Avid Bioservices, Inc. In this regard, we
have begun to explore the possibility to partner or a complete sale of Avid as a
means of raising additional capital.

                                  OUR LOCATION
                                  ------------

         Our principal executive offices are located at 14272 Franklin Avenue,
Suite 100, Tustin, California 92780-7017, and our telephone number is (714)
508-6000.

                                   COMPETITION
                                   -----------

         The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are highly competitive
and any product candidates will have to compete with existing and future cancer
therapies. Our competitive position is based on our proprietary technology,
know-how and U.S. and foreign patents covering our collateral targeting agent
technologies (TNT, VTA and VEA) and our direct targeting agent technology,
Oncolym(R), for the therapeutic treatment of human cancers. We currently have
exclusive rights to over 80 issued U.S. and foreign patents protecting various
aspects of our technology and we have additional pending patent applications

                                       13
<PAGE>

that we believe will further strengthen our intellectual property position. We
plan to compete on the basis of the advantages of our technologies, the quality
of our products, the protection afforded by our issued patents and our
commitment to research and develop innovative technologies.

         Various other companies, some or all of which have larger financial
resources than us, are currently engaged in research and development of
monoclonal antibodies and in cancer prevention and treatment. There can be no
assurance that such companies, other companies or various other academic and
research institutions will not develop and market monoclonal antibody products
or other products to prevent or treat cancer prior to the introduction of, or in
competition with, our present or future products. In addition, there are many
firms with established positions in the diagnostic and pharmaceutical industries
which may be better equipped than us to develop monoclonal antibody technology
or other products to diagnose, prevent or treat cancer and to market their
products. Accordingly, we plan, whenever feasible, to enter into joint venture
relationships with these competing firms or with other firms with appropriate
capabilities for the development and marketing of specific products and
technologies so that our competitive position might be enhanced. There can be no
assurance that research and development by others will not render the Company's
technology or potential products obsolete or non-competitive or result in
treatments superior to any therapy developed by the Company, or that any therapy
developed by the Company will be preferred to any existing or newly developed
technologies. We have included a sample list of companies that are conducting
clinical trials for the treatment of cancer on page 27, including their stage of
development and cash resources on hand determined with reference to their most
recent public filings.

                        GOVERNMENT REGULATION OF PRODUCTS
                        ---------------------------------

         Regulation by governmental authorities in the United States and other
countries is a significant factor in our ongoing research and development
activities and in the production and marketing of our products under
development. The amount of time and expense involved in obtaining necessary
regulatory approval depends upon the type of product. The procedure for
obtaining FDA regulatory approval for a new human pharmaceutical product, such
as Cotara(TM), VTA, VEA or Oncolym(R), involves many steps, including laboratory
testing of those products in animals to determine safety, efficacy and potential
toxicity, the filing with the FDA of a Notice of Claimed Investigational
Exemption for Use of a New Drug prior to the initiation of clinical testing of
regulated drug and biologic experimental products, and clinical testing of those
products in humans. We have filed a Notice of Claimed Investigational Exemption
for Use of a New Drug with the FDA for the development of both Cotara(TM) and
Oncolym(R) as a material intended for human use, but have not filed such a
Notice with respect to any other products. The regulatory approval process is
administered by the FDA's Center for Biologics Research and Review and is
similar to the process used for other new drug product intended for human use.

         The clinical testing program necessary for approval of a new drug or
biologic typically involves a three-phase process. A Phase I clinical trial
consists of testing for the safety and tolerance of the drug with a small group
of patients, and also yields preliminary information about the effectiveness of
the drug and dosage levels. Phase II involves testing for efficacy,
determination of optimal dosage and identification of possible side effects in a
larger patient group. Phase III clinical trials consist of large scale testing
for efficacy. A Phase III study which meets the proper regulatory criteria for
product registration is termed a "Registration Study". After completion of
clinical studies for a biologics product, a Biologics License Application
("BLA") is submitted to the FDA for product marketing approval. In responding to
such an application, the FDA would inspect the data, the manufacturing
facilities and the clinical sites. The result would be that the FDA could grant
marketing approval, could request clarification of data contained in the

                                       14
<PAGE>

application, may require additional testing prior to approval, may mandate
changes in the manufacturing of the product or deny approval and any further
testing. We have not, to date, filed a BLA for any of our product candidates.

         If approval is obtained for the sale of a new drug, FDA regulations
also apply to the manufacturing, continued drug safety surveillance and
marketing activities for the product and the FDA may require further testing and
other programs to monitor the product. The FDA may withdraw product approval if
compliance with these regulatory standards, including labeling and advertising,
is not maintained or if unforeseen problems occur following initial product
launch. The National Institutes of Health has issued guidelines applicable to
the research, development and production of biological products, such as our
product candidates. Other federal agencies and congressional committees have
indicated an interest in implementing further regulation of biotechnology
applications. We cannot predict, whether new regulatory restrictions on the
manufacturing, marketing, and sale of biotechnology products will be imposed by
state or federal regulators and agencies.

         In addition, we are subject to regulation under state, federal, and
international laws and regulations regarding occupational safety, laboratory
practices, the use and handling of radioactive isotopes, environmental
protection and hazardous substance control, and other regulations. Our clinical
trial and research and development activities involve the controlled use of
hazardous materials, chemicals and radioactive compounds. Although we believe
that our safety procedures for handling and disposing of such materials comply
with the standards prescribed by state and federal regulations, the risk of
accidental contamination or injury from these materials cannot be completely
eliminated. In the event of such an accident, we could be held liable for any
damages that result and any such liability could exceed the financial resources
of the Company. In addition, disposal of radioactive materials used in our
clinical trials and research efforts may only be made at approved facilities.

         Our product candidates, if approved, may also be subject to import laws
in other countries, the food and drug laws in various states in which the
products are or may be sold and subject to the export laws of agencies of the
United States government.

         The Company believes that it is in material compliance with all
applicable laws and regulations including those relating to the handling and
disposal of hazardous and toxic waste.

         During fiscal year 1999, the Office of Orphan Products Development of
the FDA determined that Oncolym(R) and Cotara(TM) qualified for orphan
designation for the treatment of intermediate and high-grade Non-Hodgkins B-cell
Lymphoma and for the treatment of glioblastoma multiforme and anaplastic
astrocytoma (both brain cancers), respectively. The 1983 Orphan Drug Act (with
amendments passed by Congress in 1984, 1985, and 1988) includes various
incentives that have stimulated interest in the development of orphan drug and
biologic products. These incentives include a seven-year period of marketing
exclusivity for approved orphan products, tax credits for clinical research,
protocol assistance, and research grants. Additionally, legislation
re-authorizing FDA user fees also created an exemption for orphan products from
fees imposed when an application to approve the product for marketing is
submitted.

                          OUR PATENTS AND TRADE SECRETS
                          -----------------------------

         We have relied on internal achievements, as well as the direct
sponsorship of university researchers, for development of our platform
technologies. We currently have exclusive rights to over 80 issued U.S. and
foreign patents protecting various aspects of our technology and additional
pending patent applications that we believe will further strengthen our patent

                                       15
<PAGE>

position. We believe we will continue to learn, on a timely basis, of advances
in the biological sciences which might complement or enhance our existing
technologies. We intend to pursue opportunities to license our platform
technologies and any advancements or enhancements, as well as to pursue the
incorporation of our technologies in the development of our own products.

         We have filed several patent applications either directly or as a
co-sponsor/licensee. The Company treats particular aspects of the production and
radiolabeling of monoclonal antibodies and related technologies as trade
secrets. We intend to pursue patent protection for inventions related to
antibody-based technologies that we cannot protect as trade secrets.

         Some of the Company's antibody production and use methods are patented
by independent third parties. We are currently negotiating with certain third
parties to acquire licenses needed to produce and commercialize antibodies,
including the Company's TNT antibody. The Company believes that these licenses
are generally available from the licensors to all interested parties. The terms
of the licenses, obtained and expected to be obtained, are not expected to
significantly impact the cost structure or marketability of chimeric or human
based products.

         In general, the patent position of a biotechnology firm is highly
uncertain and no consistent policy regarding the breadth of allowed claims has
emerged from the actions of the U.S. Patent Office with respect to biotechnology
patents. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the Company's patents,
including those issued and those pending, will provide protection against
competitors with similar technology, nor can there be any assurance that such
patents will not be legally challenged, infringed upon or designed around by
others.

         International patents relating to biologics are numerous and there can
be no assurance that current and potential competitors have not filed or in the
future will not file patent applications or receive patents relating to products
or processes utilized or proposed to be used by the Company. In addition, there
is certain subject matter which is patentable in the United States but which may
not generally be patentable outside of the United States. Statutory differences
in patentable subject matter may limit the protection the Company can obtain on
some of its products outside of the United States. These and other issues may
prevent the Company from obtaining patent protection outside of the United
States. Failure to obtain patent protection outside the United States may have a
material adverse effect on the Company's business, financial condition and
results of operations.

         We know of no third party patents which are infringed by our present
activities or which would, without infringement or license, prevent the pursuit
of our business objectives. However, there can be no assurances that such
patents have not been or will not be issued and, if so issued, that we will be
able to obtain licensing arrangements for necessary technologies on terms
acceptable to the Company. We also intend to continue to rely upon trade secrets
and improvements, unpatented proprietary know-how, and continuing technological
innovation to develop and maintain our competitive position in research and
diagnostic products. We typically place restrictions in our agreements with
third parties, which contractually restricts their right to use and disclose any
of the Company's proprietary technology with which they may be involved. In
addition, we have internal non-disclosure safeguards, including confidentiality
agreements, with our employees. There can be no assurance, however, that others
may not independently develop similar technology or that the Company's secrecy
will not be breached.

                  MANUFACTURING AND PRODUCTION OF OUR PRODUCTS
                  --------------------------------------------

         CONTRACT MANUFACTURING. Avid Bioservices, Inc., our wholly-owned
subsidiary, manufactures the Company's products under development and used in
clinical trials. We have retained key development personnel, who will be


                                       16
<PAGE>

responsible for developing analytical methods and processes that will facilitate
the manufacturing of our antibodies. For commercial production, we plan to
either utilize our current facility, or expand our current manufacturing
facility for larger scale production capacity. If our Avid subsidiary is sold,
we anticipate being able to continue to use Avid's services under contract to
meet our immediate manufacturing needs. Avid currently treats the Company's
manufacturing projects similar to any other outside client project.

         RADIOLABELING. Once the Cotara(TM) and Oncolym(R) antibodies have been
manufactured at Avid Bioservices, Inc., the antibodies are shipped to a third
party facility for radiolabeling (the process of attaching the radioactive
agent, I-131, to the antibody). From the radiolabeling facility, the
radiolabeled Cotara(TM) and Oncolym(R) antibodies are shipped directly to the
clinical sites for use in clinical trials.

         The Company is currently evaluating several other options for
commercial radiolabeling, including the development of a product kit that will
enable hospitals to combine the antibody and radioactive isotope locally at each
site. Any commercial radiolabeling supply arrangement will require the
investment of significant funds by the Company in order for a radiolabeling
vendor to develop the expanded facilities necessary to support the Company's
products. There can be no assurance that material produced by this radiolabeling
facility will be suitable for human use in clinical trials or that commercial
supply will be available to meet the demand for radiolabeled product. In
addition, we have been working with Paul Scherer Institut in Switzerland on the
process development and formulation work for the Cotara(TM) and Oncolym(R)
radiolabeled products currently under clinical development. The Company will
continue with its research in radiolabeling scale-up, but believes this research
will be eventually supported by a potential licensing or marketing partner for
Cotara(TM).

         RAW MATERIALS. Various common raw materials are used in the manufacture
of our products and in the development of our technologies. These raw materials
are generally available from several alternate distributors of laboratory
chemicals and supplies. The Company has not experienced any significant
difficulty in obtaining these raw materials and does not consider raw material
availability to be a significant factor in its business.

                       MARKETING OF OUR POTENTIAL PRODUCTS
                       -----------------------------------

         We intend to sell our products, if approved, in the United States and
internationally in collaboration with marketing partners or through an internal
sales force. If the FDA approves Cotara(TM) or our other product candidates
under development, the marketing of these product candidates will be contingent
upon the Company entering into an agreement with a company to market our
products or upon the Company recruiting, training and deploying its own sales
force. We do not presently possess the resources or experience necessary to
market TNT or our other product candidates and we currently have no arrangements
for the distribution of our product candidates. Development of an effective
sales force requires significant financial resources, time, and expertise. There
can be no assurance that the Company will be able to obtain the financing
necessary to establish such a sales force in a timely or cost effective manner
or that such a sales force will be capable of generating demand for the
Company's product candidates.

                                       17
<PAGE>

                                  OUR EMPLOYEES
                                  -------------

         As of June 30, 2003, the Company employed 52 full-time employees and 4
part-time employees, which included 45 technical and support employees who carry
out the research, product development and clinical trials of the Company and 11
administrative employees including the President and CEO. The Company treats its
subsidiary, Avid Bioservices, Inc. as a separate operating entity. As such, 38
of the Company's employees work exclusively for Avid, 8 employees work
exclusively for Peregrine, and 10 employees hold positions at both companies. If
our Avid Bioservices subsidiary is sold, we currently anticipate 12 employees
will remain with Peregrine and contract manufacturing services for Peregrine
will be contracted out to Avid. The Company believes its relationships with its
employees are good. The Company's employees are not represented by a collective
bargaining organization and the Company has not experienced a work stoppage.


                                       18
<PAGE>


                                GLOSSARY OF TERMS
                                -----------------

ANTIBODY - Protein formed by the body to help defend against infection and
disease.

ANTIGEN - Any substance that antagonizes or stimulates the immune system to
produce antibodies.

CELL LINES - Specific cell types artificially maintained in the laboratory
(in-vitro) for scientific purposes.

CHEMOTHERAPY - Treatment of disease by means of chemical substances or drugs.

CHIMERIC - A type of antibody which is partially human and partially mouse.

cGMP - current Good Manufacturing Practices; regulations established by the FDA
for the manufacture, processing, packing, or holding of a drug to assure that
such drug meets the requirements of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act as
to safety, and has the identity and strength and meets the quality and purity
characteristics that it purports or is represented to possess.

COLLATERAL TARGETING - The therapeutic strategy of targeting structures and cell
types other than cancer cells common to all solid tumors, as a means to attack a
solid tumor.

COLLATERAL TARGETING AGENTS - Agents that use antibodies that bind to or target
stable structures found in all solid tumors, such as the necrotic core of the
tumor or blood vessels found in all solid tumors.

COLORECTAL - Relating to the colon (large intestine) and rectum.

CYTOKINE - A chemical messenger protein released by certain white blood cells.
The cytokines include the interferons, the interleukins, Tumor necrosis factor,
and many others. Cytokines produced by lymphatic cells are also called
"Lymphokines."

DATABASE - A collection of data files that are organized in a specified manner,
and used in analysis of trials.

DNA (DEOXYRIBONUCLEIC ACID) - A complex protein that is the carrier of genetic
information.

DOSIMETRY - The process or method of calculating the level of radiation exposure
due to radioactive isotopes, such as I-131.

EFFECTOR - A substance, such as a hormone, that increases or decreases the
activity of an enzyme.

ENDOTHELIAL CELLS - A layer of flat cells that line blood vessels.

ENDPOINT - A primary or secondary outcome variable used to judge the
effectiveness of a treatment.

EPITOPE - A unique shape or marker carried on an antigen's surface which
triggers a corresponding antibody response.

FDA - U.S. Food and Drug Administration; the government agency responsible for
regulating the food and drug industries, including the commercial approval of
pharmaceuticals in the United States.

GLIOMA - A tumor derived from cells that form the glial cells of the brain.


                                       19
<PAGE>

GLIOBLASTOMA MULTIFORME - A type of brain tumor that forms from glial
(supportive) tissue of the brain. Also called grade IV astrocytoma.

IN VIVO - Studies conducted within a living organism, such as animal or human
studies.

IN VITRO - An artificial environment created outside a living organism, such as
a test tube or culture plate, used in experimental research to study a disease
or process.

IND - Investigational New Drug Application; the application submitted to the FDA
requesting permission to begin initial human clinical trials.

KAPLAN-MEIER CURVE - A way of graphing patient progress (how many are still
alive or free of infection) against time.

LYM-1 (ONCOLYM(R)) - A radiolabeled antibody designed to treat patients
afflicted with intermediate and high-grade non-Hodgkin's B-cell Lymphoma.

LYMPH - The almost colorless fluid that travels through the lymphatic system and
carries cells that help fight infection and disease. Also called lymphatic
fluid.

LYMPH NODE - A rounded mass of lymphatic tissue that is surrounded by a capsule
of connective tissue. Lymph nodes are spread out along lymphatic vessels and
contain many lymphocytes, which filter the lymphatic fluid (lymph).

LYMPHOMA - Cancers of the lymphatic system. There are many categories of
lymphoma, such as lymphoblastic, cleaved, non cleaved, Burkitt's, and Hodgkin's
disease.

MAXIMUM TOLERATED DOSE - The highest dose that can be reasonably tolerated by
the patient.

MEDIAN - The middle value such that for a series of numbers, one half are above
the median, and one half are below.

MEDIAN SURVIVAL TIME - The time at which half of the patients with a given
disease are found to be, or expected to be, alive. In a clinical trial, the
median survival time is a way to measure the effectiveness of a product.

MEDIAN TIME TO PROGRESSION - The time in which half of the patients with a given
disease show evidence of disease progression.

MURINE - Derived from a mouse.

MOLECULE - Any very small particle.

MONOCLONAL ANTIBODY - An antibody derived from a single clone of cells.
Monoclonal antibodies bind to one unique epitope.

NECROSIS OR NECROTIC - The death and degradation of cells within a tissue.

ONCOLOGY - The study and treatment of cancer.

PHARMACOKINETIC - Concerning the study of how a drug is processed by the body,
with emphasis on the time required for absorption, distribution in the body
metabolism and excretion.


                                       20
<PAGE>

PRE-CLINICAL - Generally refers to research that is performed in animals or
tissues in the laboratory.

PROTOCOL - A detailed plan for studying a treatment for a specific condition.

RANDOMIZED - Having been assigned to a treatment via a random process.

RADIOLABELING - Process of attaching a radioactive isotope.

RADIOIMMUNOTHERAPY - Therapy with a radiolabeled monoclonal antibody.

RECURRENCE - The return or flare up of a condition thought to be cured or in
remission.

SOLID TUMORS - Cancer cells which grow as a solid mass.

TIME TO PROGRESSION - The time from either diagnosis or treatment to the date
that the disease shows progression.

TOXICITY - The extent, quality, or degree of being poisonous or harmful to the
body.

TOXICOLOGY STUDIES - The study in animals of a drug designed to characterize
possible toxic effects.

TUMOR - An abnormal overgrowth of cells.

TUMOR NECROSIS THERAPY ("TNT") - Therapeutic agents that target dead and dying
cells found primarily at the core of a tumor.

VASCULATURE - Tubelike structures that deliver blood to tissues.

VASCULAR TARGETING AGENTS ("VTAS") - Monoclonal antibodies and other targeting
agents that recognize markers found on tumor blood vessels.

VASOPERMEATION ENHANCEMENT AGENTS ("VEAS") - A new generation of drugs which
increase the uptake of therapeutic agents to solid tumors.










                                       21
<PAGE>

                   RISK FACTORS AND FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

         The following discussion outlines certain factors that could affect the
Company's financial statements for fiscal 2004 and beyond and could cause them
to differ materially from those that may be set forth in forward-looking
statements made by or on behalf of the Company.

         The Company's consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a
going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the
satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. As shown in the
consolidated financial statements, the Company experienced a net loss of
$11,559,000 during the year ended April 30, 2003, and had an accumulated deficit
of approximately $140,006,000 at April 30, 2003. Further, at June 30, 2003, we
had a cash balance of approximately $7.8 million, which would enable us to meet
our obligations on a timely basis only through at least the third quarter of
fiscal year 2004 assuming (i) we entered into no additional financing
arrangements (ii) we do not enter into any licensing arrangements for our other
product candidates and (iii) we do not generate any other revenue from Avid
except for amounts committed to under existing signed contracts. These factors,
among others, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going
concern.

IF WE CANNOT OBTAIN ADDITIONAL FUNDING, OUR PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT AND
COMMERCIALIZATION EFFORTS MAY BE REDUCED OR DISCONTINUED.

         At June 30, 2003, we had approximately $7.8 million in cash and cash
equivalents. We have expended substantial funds on the research, development and
clinical trials of our product candidates. As a result, we have historically
experienced negative cash flows from operations since our inception and we
expect the negative cash flows from operations to continue for the foreseeable
future, unless and until we are able to generate sufficient revenues from our
contract manufacturing services provided by our subsidiary Avid Bioservices,
Inc. and/or from the sale and/or licensing of our products under development.
While we expect Avid Bioservices, Inc. to generate revenues during the
foreseeable future, we expect our monthly negative cash flow to continue for the
foreseeable future, due to our anticipated clinical trial activities using
Cotara(TM), our anticipated development costs associated with Vasopermeation
Enhancement Agents ("VEA's") and Vascular Targeting Agents ("VTA's"), and
expansion of our manufacturing capabilities. We believe we have sufficient cash
on hand to meet our obligations on a timely basis through at least the third
quarter of fiscal year 2004 assuming (i) we entered into no additional financing
arrangements (ii) we do not enter into any licensing arrangements for our other
product candidates and (iii) we do not generate any other revenue from Avid
except for amounts committed to under existing signed contracts.

         In addition to the operations of Avid, we plan to obtain any necessary
financing through one or more methods including either equity or debt financing
and/or negotiating additional licensing or collaboration agreements for our
platform technologies. There can be no assurances that we will be successful in
raising such funds on terms acceptable to us, or at all, or that sufficient
additional capital will be raised to complete the research, development, and
clinical testing of our product candidates.

WE HAVE HAD SIGNIFICANT LOSSES AND WE ANTICIPATE FUTURE LOSSES.

         All of our products are currently in development, pre-clinical studies
or clinical trials, and no sales have been generated from commercial product
sales. We have incurred net losses in most fiscal years since we began
operations in 1981. The following table represents net losses incurred during
the past three fiscal years:
                                                              Net Loss
                                                            -----------
           Fiscal Year 2003                                 $11,559,000
           Fiscal Year 2002                                 $11,718,000
           Fiscal Year 2001                                 $ 9,535,000

         As of April 30, 2003, we had an accumulated deficit of $140,006,000.
While we expect to generate revenues from our contract manufacturing services to
be provided by Avid, in order to achieve and sustain profitable operations, we
must successfully develop and obtain regulatory approval for our products,
either alone or with others, and must also manufacture, introduce, market and
sell our products. The costs associated with clinical trials, contract


                                       22
<PAGE>

manufacturing and contract isotope combination services are very expensive and
the time frame necessary to achieve market success for our products is long and
uncertain. We do not expect to generate product revenues for at least the next 2
years, and we may never generate product revenues sufficient to become
profitable or to sustain profitability.

OUR PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT EFFORTS MAY NOT BE SUCCESSFUL.

         Since inception, we have been engaged in the development of drugs and
related therapies for the treatment of people with cancer. Our product
candidates have not received regulatory approval and are generally in clinical
and pre-clinical stages of development. If the results from any of the clinical
trials are poor, those results may adversely affect our ability to raise
additional capital, which will affect our ability to continue full-scale
research and development for our antibody technologies. In addition, our product
candidates may take longer than anticipated to progress through clinical trials
or patient enrollment in the clinical trials may be delayed or prolonged
significantly, thus delaying the clinical trials. Patient enrollment is a
function of many factors, including the size of the patient population, the
nature of the protocol, the proximity of patients to the clinical sites, the
eligibility criteria for the study, and the availability of insurance coverage.
In addition, because our product currently in clinical trials represent a
departure from more commonly used methods for cancer treatment, potential
patients and their doctors may be inclined to use conventional therapies, such
as chemotherapy, rather than enroll in our clinical study. These factors
contributed to slower than planned patient enrollment in our Phase II clinical
study using Cotara(TM) for the treatment of brain cancer.

IF WE CANNOT LICENSE OR SELL OUR COTARA(TM) AND ONCOLYM(R) PRODUCTS, THOSE
PRODUCTS MAY NEVER BE FURTHER DEVELOPED.

         Currently, we are focused on developing our VEA and VTA product
candidates for initial clinical studies while we seek a licensing partner our
Cotara(TM) and Oncolym(R) technologies. If we are unable to enter into an
agreement for the Cotara(TM) and Oncolym(R) technologies, we may have to
discontinue any further development of these more advanced technologies. Both
Cotara(TM) and Oncolym(R) are at the stage in development where substantial
financial resources are needed to complete clinical studies necessary for
potential product approval. We do not currently have the financial resources
internally to complete such clinical studies. If licensing partners are not
found for these two technologies, we will not be able to advance these projects
past their current state of development. Although we believe we will be
successful in licensing or selling these technologies, there are a limited
number of companies which have the financial resources, the internal
infrastructure, the technical capability and the marketing infrastructure to
develop and market a radiopharmaceutical based anti-cancer drug. To date, we
have not entered into a definitive licensing agreement or letter of intent for
either of these technologies. If we are not successful in licensing either of
our technologies, we may explore the possibility of a spin-off of the technology
into a separate entity whereby the Company will contribute the technology and
the other entity will fund future clinical development in exchange for a
percentage ownership of the new entity. We cannot assure you that we will be
able to find a suitable licensing partner for these technologies. Furthermore,
we cannot assure you that if we do find a suitable licensing partner, the
financial terms that they propose will be acceptable to the Company.

OUR DEPENDENCY ON ONE RADIOLABELING SUPPLIER MAY NEGATIVELY IMPACT OUR ABILITY
TO COMPLETE CLINICAL TRIALS AND MARKET OUR PRODUCTS.

         We have procured our antibody radioactive isotope combination services
("radiolabeling") with Iso-tex Diagnostics, Inc. for all clinical trials. If
this supplier is unable to continue to qualify its facility or label and supply
our antibody in a timely manner, our current clinical trial or potential
licensing partner clinical trials using radiolabeling technology could be

                                       23
<PAGE>

adversely affected and delayed. While there are other suppliers for radioactive
isotope combination services, our clinical trial would be delayed for up to 12
to 18 months because it would take that amount of time to certify a new facility
under current Good Manufacturing Practices and qualify the product, plus we
would incur significant costs to transfer our technology to another vendor.
Prior to commercial distribution of any of our products, if approved, we will be
required to identify and contract with a company for commercial antibody
manufacturing and radioactive isotope combination services. An antibody that has
been combined with a radioactive isotope, such as I-131, cannot be stockpiled
against future shortages because it must be used within one week of being
radiolabeled to be effective. Accordingly, any change in our existing or future
contractual relationships with, or an interruption in supply from, any such
third-party service provider or antibody supplier could negatively impact our
ability to complete ongoing clinical trials conducted by us or a potential
licensing partner.

WE MAY HAVE SIGNIFICANT PRODUCT LIABILITY EXPOSURE BECAUSE WE MAINTAIN ONLY
LIMITED PRODUCT LIABILITY INSURANCE.

         We face an inherent business risk of exposure to product liability
claims in the event that the administration of one of our drugs during a
clinical trial adversely affects or causes the death of a patient. Although we
maintain product liability insurance for clinical studies in the amount of
$5,000,000 per occurrence or $5,000,000 in the aggregate on a claims-made basis,
this coverage may not be adequate. Product liability insurance is expensive,
difficult to obtain and may not be available in the future on acceptable terms,
if at all. Our inability to obtain sufficient insurance coverage on reasonable
terms or to otherwise protect against potential product liability claims in
excess of our insurance coverage, if any, or a product recall, could negatively
impact our financial position and results of operations.

         In addition, the contract manufacturing services that we offer through
Avid expose us to an inherent risk of liability as the antibodies or other
substances manufactured by Avid, at the request and to the specifications of our
customers, could possibly cause adverse effects or have product defects. We
obtain agreements from our customers indemnifying and defending us from any
potential liability arising from such risk. There can be no assurance that such
indemnification agreements will adequately protect us against potential claims
relating to such contract manufacturing services or protect us from being named
in a possible lawsuit. Although Avid has procured insurance coverage, there is
no guarantee that we will be able to maintain our existing coverage or obtain
additional coverage on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, or that such
insurance will provide adequate coverage against all potential claims to which
we might be exposed. A successful partially or completely uninsured claim
against Avid would have a material adverse effect on our consolidated
operations.

THE LIQUIDITY OF OUR COMMON STOCK WILL BE ADVERSELY AFFECTED IF OUR COMMON STOCK
IS DELISTED FROM THE NASDAQ SMALLCAP MARKET.

         Our common stock is presently traded on The Nasdaq SmallCap Market. To
maintain inclusion on The Nasdaq SmallCap Market, we must continue to meet the
following six listing requirements:

     1.  Net tangible assets of at least $2,000,000 or market capitalization of
         at least $35,000,000 or net income of at least $500,000 in either our
         latest fiscal year or in two of our last three fiscal years;
     2.  Public float of at least 500,000 shares;


                                       24
<PAGE>

     3.  Market value of our public float of at least $1,000,000;
     4.  A minimum closing bid price of $1.00 per share of common stock, without
         falling below this minimum bid price for a period of 30 consecutive
         trading days;
     5.  At least two market makers; and
     6.  At least 300 stockholders, each holding at least 100 shares of common
         stock.

         On June 12, 2003, we regained full compliance with the Nasdaq SmallCap
listing requirements as a result of the closing bid price of our common stock
having been at or above the minimum bid requirement of $1.00 per share for at
least 10 consecutive trading days.

         During the majority of fiscal year 2003, we were not in compliance with
the minimum bid price rules and we were afforded two consecutive grace periods
of 180-days to regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement of $1.00
under the temporary pilot program initiated by the Nasdaq Stock Market. Under
the Nasdaq Stock Market pilot program, if we can demonstrate either net income
of at least $750,000 in either our latest fiscal year or in two of our last
three fiscal years, stockholders' equity of $5 million or a market
capitalization of at least $50 million, we will be given 180-day grace period to
regain compliance with the $1.00 minimum bid price requirement, subject to
review every six months.

         We cannot guarantee that we will be able to maintain the minimum bid
price requirement or maintain any of the other requirements in the future. If we
fail to meet any of the Nasdaq SmallCap Market listing requirements, the market
value of our common stock could fall and holders of common stock would likely
find it more difficult to dispose of the common stock.

         If our common stock is delisted, we would apply to have our common
stock quoted on the over-the-counter electronic bulletin board. Upon being
delisted, however, our common stock will become subject to the regulations of
the Securities and Exchange Commission relating to the market for penny stocks.
Penny stock, as defined by the Penny Stock Reform Act, is any equity security
not traded on a national securities exchange or quoted on the NASDAQ National or
SmallCap Market, that has a market price of less than $5.00 per share. The penny
stock regulations generally require that a disclosure schedule explaining the
penny stock market and the risks associated therewith be delivered to purchasers
of penny stocks and impose various sales practice requirements on broker-dealers
who sell penny stocks to persons other than established customers and accredited
investors. The broker-dealer must make a suitability determination for each
purchaser and receive the purchaser's written agreement prior to the sale. In
addition, the broker-dealer must make certain mandated disclosures, including
the actual sale or purchase price and actual bid offer quotations, as well as
the compensation to be received by the broker-dealer and certain associated
persons. The regulations applicable to penny stocks may severely affect the
market liquidity for our common stock and could limit your ability to sell your
securities in the secondary market.



                                       25
<PAGE>

THE SALE OF SUBSTANTIAL SHARES OF OUR COMMON STOCK MAY DEPRESS OUR STOCK PRICE.

         As of June 30, 2003, we had approximately 128,775,000 shares of common
stock outstanding, and the last reported sales price of our common stock was
$1.45 per share. We could also issue up to 27,567,000 additional shares of
common stock upon the exercise of outstanding options and warrants and upon the
conversion of convertible debt as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     NUMBER OF           WEIGHTED AVERAGE PER
                                                       SHARES           SHARE EXERCISE PRICE OR
DESCRIPTION OF INSTRUMENT                           OUTSTANDING            CONVERSION PRICE
---------------------------------------------    -------------------    ------------------------
<S>                                                  <C>                        <C>
Common shares issuable upon exercise of
  outstanding stock options                           9,846,000                 $1.15
Common shares issuable upon exercise of
  outstanding warrants                               16,897,000                 $1.56
Shares issuable upon conversion of
  convertible debt                                      824,000                 $0.85
                                                 -------------------    ------------------------

                  Total                              27,567,000                 $1.39
                                                 ===================    ========================
</TABLE>

         Of the total warrants and options outstanding as of June 30, 2003,
approximately 18,436,000 option and warrants would be considered dilutive to
shareholders because we would receive an amount per share which is less than the
current market price of our common stock.

OUR HIGHLY VOLATILE STOCK PRICE AND TRADING VOLUME MAY ADVERSELY AFFECT THE
LIQUIDITY OF OUR COMMON STOCK.

         The market price of our common stock and the market prices of
securities of companies in the biotechnology sector have generally been highly
volatile and are likely to continue to be highly volatile. The following table
shows the high and low sales price and trading volume of our common stock for
each quarter in the three years ended April 30, 2003:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                       COMMON STOCK             COMMON STOCK DAILY TRADING
                                                       SALES PRICE                        VOLUME
                                                                                      (000'S OMITTED)
                                                ---------------------------    ------------------------------
                                                    HIGH            LOW            HIGH             LOW
                                                -------------    ----------    -------------    -------------
<S>                                             <C>              <C>                  <C>             <C>
    FISCAL YEAR 2003
    Quarter Ended April 30, 2003                $0.85            $0.44                3,239           94
    Quarter Ended January 31, 2003              $1.20            $0.50                3,619           59
    Quarter Ended October 31, 2002              $0.93            $0.35                1,696          104
    Quarter Ended July 31, 2002                 $2.29            $0.66                1,686          113
    FISCAL YEAR 2002
    Quarter Ended April 30, 2002                $2.90            $1.50                  751          135
    Quarter Ended January 31, 2002              $4.00            $1.32                3,525           73
    Quarter Ended October 31, 2001              $2.23            $0.81                4,265          117
    Quarter Ended July 31, 2001                 $3.50            $1.21                2,127          127
    FISCAL YEAR 2001
    Quarter Ended April 30, 2001                $2.00            $1.06                  705           91
    Quarter Ended January 31, 2001              $2.88            $0.38                2,380          191
    Quarter Ended October 31, 2000              $3.84            $1.94                3,387          200
    Quarter Ended July 31, 2000                 $4.75            $2.50                3,742          391
</TABLE>

                                       26
<PAGE>

           The market price of our common stock may be significantly impacted by
many factors, including, but not limited to:

     o    Announcements of technological innovations or new commercial products
          by us or our competitors;
     o    Publicity regarding actual or potential clinical trial results
          relating to products under development by us or our competitors;
     o    Our financial results or that of our competitors;
     o    Announcements of licensing agreements, joint ventures, strategic
          alliances, and any other transaction that involves the sale or use of
          our technologies or competitive technologies;
     o    Developments and/or disputes concerning our patent or proprietary
          rights;
     o    Regulatory developments and product safety concerns;
     o    General stock trends in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industry
          sectors;
     o    Economic trends and other external factors, including but not limited
          to, interest rate fluctuations, economic recession, inflation, foreign
          market trends, national crisis, and disasters; and
     o    Health care reimbursement reform and cost-containment measures
          implemented by government agencies.

         These and other external factors have caused and may continue to cause
the market price and demand for our common stock to fluctuate substantially,
which may limit or prevent investors from readily selling their shares of common
stock and may otherwise negatively affect the liquidity of our common stock.

WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO COMPETE WITH OUR COMPETITORS IN THE BIOTECHNOLOGY INDUSTRY
BECAUSE MANY OF THEM HAVE GREATER RESOURCES THAN WE DO AND THEY ARE FURTHER
ALONG IN THEIR DEVELOPMENT EFFORTS.

         The biotechnology industry is intensely competitive. It is also subject
to rapid change and sensitive to new product introductions or enhancements. We
expect to continue to experience significant and increasing levels of
competition in the future. Some or all of these companies may have greater
financial resources, larger technical staffs, and larger research budgets than
we have, as well as greater experience in developing products and running
clinical trials. In addition, there may be other companies which are currently
developing competitive technologies and products or which may in the future
develop technologies and products which are comparable or superior to our
technologies and products. Our competitors with respect to various cancer
indications include the companies identified in the following table. Due to the
significant number of companies attempting to develop cancer treating products,
the following table is not intended to be a comprehensive listing of such
competitors, nor is the inclusion of a company intended to be a representation
that such company's drug will be approved.



                                       27
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
----------------------------- --------------- ---------------- ----------------------- ------------------
                                                                MOST RECENT REPORTED
                                  CANCER        PRODUCT          CASH & INVESTMENTS       PEREGRINE'S
   COMPETITOR'S NAME            INDICATION       STATUS               BALANCE           PRODUCT STATUS
----------------------------- --------------- ---------------- ----------------------- ------------------
<S>                             <C>             <C>               <C>                          <C>
Neurocrine Biosciences            Brain          Phase II         $    308,239,000             *
NeoPharm                          Brain         Phase I/II        $     80,594,000             *
Genentech                       Colorectal       Phase III        $  1,215,853,000             *
Celgene Corporation             Colorectal       Phase III        $    257,030,000             *
Idec Pharmaceuticals             Lymphoma        Approved         $    859,982,000             *
Corixa Corporation               Lymphoma        Approved         $     61,497,000             *
</TABLE>
______________

* DURING FEBRUARY 2003, WE RECEIVED PROTOCOL APPROVAL FROM THE U.S. FOOD AND
DRUG ADMINISTRATION ("FDA") TO INITIATE OUR REGISTRATION CLINICAL STUDY USING
COTARA(TM) FOR THE TREATMENT OF BRAIN CANCER. WE DO NOT ANTICIPATE TREATING ANY
ADDITIONAL PATIENTS IN EITHER THE CURRENT PHASE II BRAIN CANCER CLINICAL STUDY
OR UNDER THE APPROVED REGISTRATION CLINICAL STUDY WHILE WE ACTIVELY SEEK A
LICENSING PARTNER FOR THE COTARA(TM) PROGRAM. IN ADDITION, DURING FISCAL YEAR
2002, WE SUSPENDED PATIENT ENROLLMENT UNDER THE ONCOLYM(R) STUDY AND WE ARE
CURRENTLY IN THE PROCESS OF CLOSING THE CURRENT PHASE I/II CLINICAL TRIAL WHILE
WE ACTIVELY SEEK TO LICENSE OR PARTNER THE ONCOLYM(R) PRODUCT.

         The above information was gathered from the most recent filings with
the Securities and Exchange Commission for the above companies. We do not vouch
for the accuracy of the above information, nor do we intend to incorporate by
reference its contents.

IF WE LOSE QUALIFIED MANAGEMENT AND SCIENTIFIC PERSONNEL OR ARE UNABLE TO
ATTRACT AND RETAIN SUCH PERSONNEL, WE MAY BE UNABLE TO SUCCESSFULLY DEVELOP OUR
PRODUCTS OR WE MAY BE SIGNIFICANTLY DELAYED IN DEVELOPING OUR PRODUCTS.

          Our success is dependent, in part, upon a limited number of key
executive officers, each of whom is an at-will employee, and our scientific
researchers. For example, because of his extensive understanding of our
technologies and product development programs, the loss of Mr. Steven King, our
President and Chief Executive Officer, would adversely affect our development
efforts and clinical trial programs during the 6 to 12 month period we estimate
it would take to find and train a qualified replacement.

         We also believe that our future success will depend largely upon our
ability to attract and retain highly-skilled research and development and
technical personnel. We face intense competition in our recruiting activities,
including competition from larger companies with greater resources. We do not
know if we will be successful in attracting or retaining skilled personnel. The
loss of certain key employees or our inability to attract and retain other
qualified employees could negatively affect our operations and financial
performance.

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES
        ----------

         The Company's corporate, research and development, and clinical trial
operations are located in two Company-leased office and laboratory buildings
with aggregate square footage of approximately 47,770 feet. The facilities are
adjacent to one another and are located at 14272 and 14282 Franklin Avenue,
Tustin, California 92780-7017. The Company currently makes combined monthly
lease payments of approximately $60,000 for these facilities with a 3.35% rental
increase every two years, with the next rental increase scheduled for December
2004. The lease, which commenced in December 1998, has an initial twelve-year
term with two five-year term extensions. The Company believes its facilities are
adequate for its current needs and that suitable additional substitute space
would be available if needed.


                                       28
<PAGE>

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
        -----------------

         There were no pending legal proceedings outstanding as of April 30,
2003.


ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS
        ---------------------------------------------------

         There were no matters submitted to a vote of security holders during
the quarter ended April 30, 2003.


                                     PART II
                                     -------

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDERS' MATTERS
        -----------------------------------------------------------------------

         (a) MARKET INFORMATION. The Company is listed on the SmallCap market of
the Nasdaq Stock Market under the trading symbol "PPHM". The following table
shows the high and low sales price of the Company's common stock for each
quarter in the two years ended April 30, 2003:

                                                      COMMON STOCK SALES PRICE
                                                        HIGH             LOW
                                                     -----------     ----------
        FISCAL YEAR 2003
        ----------------
        Quarter Ended April 30, 2003                    $0.85           $0.44
        Quarter Ended January 31, 2003                  $1.20           $0.50
        Quarter Ended October 31, 2002                  $0.93           $0.35
        Quarter Ended July 31, 2002                     $2.29           $0.66

        FISCAL YEAR 2002
        ----------------
        Quarter Ended April 30, 2002                    $2.90           $1.50
        Quarter Ended January 31, 2002                  $4.00           $1.32
        Quarter Ended October 31, 2001                  $2.23           $0.81
        Quarter Ended July 31, 2001                     $3.50           $1.21

         (b) HOLDERS. As of June 30, 2003, the number of shareholders of record
of the Company's common stock was 5,827.

         (c) DIVIDENDS. No dividends on common stock have been declared or paid
by the Company. The Company intends to employ all available funds for the
development of its business and, accordingly, does not intend to pay any cash
dividends in the foreseeable future.

         (d) RECENT SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES. Not applicable.




                                       29
<PAGE>

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA
        -----------------------

         The following selected financial data has been derived from audited
consolidated financial statements of the Company for each of the five years in
the period ended April 30, 2003. These selected financial summaries should be
read in conjunction with the financial information contained for each of the
three years in the period ended April 30, 2003, included in the consolidated
financial statements and notes thereto, Management's Discussion and Analysis of
Results of Operations and Financial Condition, and other information provided
elsewhere herein.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
                                             FIVE YEARS ENDED APRIL 30,
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                      2003              2002             2001             2000             1999
                                  --------------   --------------   --------------   --------------   --------------
<S>                               <C>              <C>              <C>              <C>              <C>
Revenues ......................   $   3,921,000    $   3,766,000    $     979,000    $      50,000    $          --

Net loss ......................   $ (11,559,000)   $ (11,718,000)   $  (9,535,000)   $ (14,514,000)   $ (19,493,000)

Net loss attributable to
common shareholders ...........   $ (11,559,000)   $ (11,718,000)   $  (9,535,000)   $ (14,516,000)   $ (20,039,000)

Basic and diluted loss
per share .....................   $       (0.10)   $       (0.11)   $       (0.10)   $       (0.18)   $       (0.30)

Weighted average number
of shares of common stock
outstanding ...................     116,468,353      104,540,204       95,212,423       81,195,049       66,146,628


                                           CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET DATA
                                                   AS OF APRIL 30,
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                      2003              2002             2001             2000             1999
                                  --------------   --------------   --------------   --------------   --------------

Cash and cash equivalents .....   $   3,137,000    $   6,072,000    $   6,327,000    $   4,131,000    $   2,385,000

Working capital (deficit) .....   $   1,949,000    $   4,007,000    $   1,446,000    $  (3,668,000)   $  (2,791,000)

Total Assets ..................   $   5,399,000    $   7,866,000    $   7,900,000    $   5,953,000    $   7,370,000

Long-term debt ................   $     760,000    $          --    $       2,000    $      89,000    $   3,498,000

Accumulated deficit ...........   $(140,006,000)   $(128,447,000)   $(116,729,000)   $(107,194,000)   $ (92,678,000)

Stockholders' equity (deficit).   $   2,131,000    $   5,083,000    $   2,686,000    $  (2,721,000)   $  (2,133,000)

</TABLE>


                                                         30
<PAGE>

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
        OF OPERATIONS
        -----------------------------------------------------------------------

         The following discussion is included to describe the Company's
financial position and results of operations for each of the three years in the
period ended April 30, 2003. The consolidated financial statements and notes
thereto contain detailed information that should be referred to in conjunction
with this discussion.

        OVERVIEW.
        ---------

        Peregrine Pharmaceuticals, Inc., located in Tustin, California, is a
biopharmaceutical company engaged in the research and development and
commercialization of cancer therapeutics and cancer diagnostics through a series
of proprietary platform technologies using monoclonal antibodies.

         In January 2002, we formed our wholly-owned subsidiary, Avid
Bioservices, Inc. ("Avid"), to provide an array of contract manufacturing
services, including contract manufacturing of antibodies and proteins, cell
culture development, process development, and testing of biologics for
biopharmaceutical and biotechnology companies under current Good Manufacturing
Practices. Avid's manufacturing facility is located in Tustin, California,
adjacent to our offices.

         With the addition of Avid, our business is now organized into two
reportable operating segments: (i) Peregrine, the parent company, is engaged in
the research and development of cancer therapeutics and cancer diagnostics
through a series of proprietary platform technologies using monoclonal
antibodies, and (ii) Avid, is engaged in providing contract manufacturing and
development of biologics to biopharmaceutical and biotechnology businesses.

         Peregrine's main focus is on the development of its collateral
targeting agent technologies. Collateral targeting agents typically use
antibodies that bind to or target components found in or on most solid tumors.
An antibody is a molecule that humans and other animals create in response to
disease. In pre-clinical and/or clinical studies, these collateral targeting
antibodies are capable of targeting and delivering therapeutic killing agents
that kill cancerous tumor cells. We currently have exclusive rights to over 80
issued U.S. and foreign patents protecting various aspects of our technology and
have additional pending patent applications that we believe will further
strengthen our patent position. Our three collateral targeting technologies are
known as Tumor Necrosis Therapy ("TNT"), Vascular Targeting Agents ("VTA's") and
Vasopermeation Enhancement Agents ("VEA's"). Our VTA and VEA technologies are
currently in preclinical development. Our first TNT-based product, Cotara(TM),
is currently in a Phase I clinical study at StanfoRd University Medical Center
for the treatment of colorectal, pancreatic and soft-tissue sarcoma cancers. In
addition, during February 2003, we received protocol approval from the U.S. Food
and Drug Administration ("FDA") to initiate a registration clinical study using
Cotara(TM) for the treatment of brain cancer. We do not anticipate treating any
additional patients In either the Phase II brain cancer clinical study or under
the approved registration clinical study protocol while we actively seek a
licensing partner for the Cotara(TM) program.

         In addition to collateral targeting agents, we have a direct
tumor-targeting antibody, Oncolym(R), for the treatmenT of Non-Hodgkins B-cell
Lymphoma. During fiscal year 2002, we suspended patient enrollment for this
study and we are currently in the process of closing the current Phase I/II
clinical trial while we actively seek to license or partner the Oncolym(R)
product. We currently do not anticipate continuing with clinical studies without
a licensing or developmenT partner for this technology.


                                       31
<PAGE>

         Avid's main focus is to provide an array of contract manufacturing
services, including contract manufacturing of antibodies and proteins, cell
culture development, process development, and testing of biologics for third
party customers.

        CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES.
        -----------------------------

        The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of
operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been
prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities as of the balance sheet dates and revenues and
expenses for the periods presented. We explain these accounting policies in the
notes to the consolidated financial statements and at relevant sections in this
discussion and analysis. These accounting estimates are based on current
information, historical experience and on other factors that management believes
to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these
estimates under different assumptions or conditions. Therefore, on an ongoing
basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related to revenue recognition
and the allowance for our receivables.

        We believe the following critical accounting policies affect our more
significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated
financial statements.

         REVENUE RECOGNITION. We currently derive revenues primarily from
licensing agreements associated with Peregrine's technologies under development
and from contract manufacturing services provided by Avid.

         We recognize revenues pursuant to Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 101
("SAB No. 101"), REVENUE RECOGNITION IN FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. SAB No. 101 draws
on existing accounting rules and provides specific guidance on how those
accounting rules should be applied. Revenue is generally realized or realizable
and earned when (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, (ii) delivery
has occurred or services have been rendered, (iii) the seller's price to the
buyer is fixed or determinable, and (iv) collectibility is reasonably assured.

         Revenues associated with licensing agreements primarily consist of
nonrefundable up-front license fees and milestones payments. Revenues under
licensing agreements are recognized based on the performance requirements of the
agreement. Nonrefundable up-front license fees received under license
agreements, whereby continued performance or future obligations are considered
inconsequential to the relevant licensed technology, are generally recognized as
revenue upon delivery of the technology. Milestone payments are generally
recognized as revenue upon completion of the milestone assuming there are no
other continuing obligations. Nonrefundable up-front license fees, whereby we
have an ongoing involvement or performance obligation, are generally recorded as
deferred revenue and generally recognized as revenue over the term of the
performance obligation or relevant agreement. Under some license agreements, the
obligation period may not be contractually defined. Under these circumstances,
we must exercise judgment in estimating the period of time over which certain
deliverables will be provided to enable the licensee to practice the license.

         Contract manufacturing revenues are generally recognized once the
service has been provided and/or upon shipment of the product to the customer.
We also record a provision for estimated contract losses, if any, in the period
in which they are determined.

                                       32
<PAGE>

         In July 2000, the Emerging Issues Task Force ("EITF") released Issue
99-19 ("EITF 99-19"), REPORTING REVENUE GROSS AS A PRINCIPAL VERSUS NET AS AN
AGENT. EITF 99-19 summarized the EITF's views on when revenue should be recorded
at the gross amount billed to a customer because it has earned revenue from the
sale of goods or services, or the net amount retained (the amount billed to the
customer less the amount paid to a supplier) because it has earned a fee or
commission. In addition, the EITF released Issue 00-10 ("EITF 00-10"),
ACCOUNTING FOR SHIPPING AND HANDLING FEES AND COSTS, and Issue 01-14 ("EITF
01-14"), INCOME STATEMENT CHARACTERIZATION OF REIMBURSEMENTS RECEIVED FOR
"OUT-OF-POCKET" EXPENSES INCURRED. EITF 00-10 summarized the EITF's views on how
the seller of goods should classify in the income statement amounts billed to a
customer for shipping and handling and the costs associated with shipping and
handling. EITF 01-14 summarized the EITF's views on when the reimbursement of
out-of-pocket expenses should be characterized as revenue or as a reduction of
expenses incurred. Our revenue recognition policies are in compliance with EITF
99-19, EITF 00-10 and EITF 01-14 whereby we record revenue for the gross amount
billed to customers (the cost of raw materials, supplies, and shipping, plus the
related handling mark-up fee) and record the cost of the amounts billed as cost
of sales as we act as a principal in these transactions.

         ALLOWANCE FOR DOUBTFUL RECEIVABLES. We continually monitor our
allowance for all receivables. A considerable amount of judgment is required in
assessing the ultimate realization of these receivables and we estimate an
allowance for doubtful accounts based on factors that appear reasonable under
the circumstances.

        RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.
        ----------------------

         YEAR ENDED APRIL 30, 2003 COMPARED TO THE YEAR ENDED APRIL 30, 2002

NET LOSS:
---------
                                             YEARS ENDED APRIL 30,
                              --------------------------------------------------
                                   2003              2002           $ CHANGE
                              -------------    ---------------    --------------
                                                (in thousands)
         NET LOSS               ($11,559)          ($11,718)        ($ 159)

         The decrease in our reported net loss of $159,000 for the year ended
April 30, 2003 compared to the same period in the prior year is due to an
increase in total revenues of $155,000 combined with a decrease in total cost
and expenses of $1,393,000. These amounts were offset by a $221,000 decrease in
interest and other income and a $1,168,000 increase in interest and other
expense.

TOTAL REVENUES:
---------------
                                             YEARS ENDED APRIL 30,
                              --------------------------------------------------
                                   2003              2002           $ CHANGE
                              -------------    ---------------    --------------
                                                (in thousands)
         TOTAL REVENUES           $ 3,921          $ 3,766            $ 155

         The increase in total revenues of $155,000 during the year ended April
30, 2003 compared to the prior year is due to a $3,300,000 increase in contract
manufacturing revenue offset by a $3,145,000 decrease in license revenue.

                                       33
<PAGE>

CONTRACT MANUFACTURING REVENUE:
-------------------------------
                                             YEARS ENDED APRIL 30,
                              --------------------------------------------------
                                   2003              2002           $ CHANGE
                              -------------    ---------------    --------------
                                                (in thousands)
         CONTRACT MANUFACTURING
           REVENUE               $ 3,346            $ 46             $ 3,300

         The increase in contract manufacturing revenue of $3,300,000 during the
year ended April 30, 2003 compared to the prior year is due to services provided
by our wholly-owned subsidiary, Avid Bioservices, Inc. ("Avid"). We announced
the formation and start-up of Avid in January 2002 and our initial two contracts
were signed in March 2002. Therefore, minimal revenues were generated during the
prior fiscal year. During our first full year of operations, Avid completed its
initial contracts and delivered clinical product to its two primary customers.
Due to the nature of the business and the concentration of risk associated with
a few customers and the complexity of the services, we cannot predict with any
certainty the amount of revenues to be generated during fiscal year 2004. In
addition, Avid currently has numerous outstanding project proposals with various
potential customers, however, we cannot estimate nor can we determine the
likelihood that we will be successful in entering into any additional definitive
project proposals during the next fiscal year.

LICENSE REVENUE:
                                             YEARS ENDED APRIL 30,
                              --------------------------------------------------
                                   2003              2002           $ CHANGE
                              -------------    ---------------    --------------
                                                (in thousands)
         LICENSE REVENUE         $ 575            $ 3,720          ($ 3,145)

         The decrease in license revenue of $3,145,000 during the year ended
April 30, 2003 compared to the prior year is primarily due to the recognition of
a $3,000,000 up-front license fee during the prior fiscal year when we assumed
the Oncolym(R) licensing rights from Schering A.G. and met all obligations under
the agreement. Although we are in pre-contracT licensing discussions with
various third parties for our technologies under development, we cannot estimate
nor can we determine the likelihood that we will be successful in entering into
any additional definitive license agreements during the next fiscal year.

TOTAL COST AND EXPENSES:
------------------------
                                             YEARS ENDED APRIL 30,
                              --------------------------------------------------
                                   2003              2002           $ CHANGE
                              -------------    ---------------    --------------
                                                (in thousands)
         TOTAL COST AND
           EXPENSES              $14,591           $15,984          ($ 1,393)

         The decrease in total cost and expenses of $1,393,000 during the year
ended April 30, 2003 compared to the prior year is due to a $2,750,000 decrease
in research and development expenses and a $2,000,000 decrease in purchased
in-process research and development expense, offset by a $2,848,000 increase in
cost of contract manufacturing and a $509,000 increase in selling, general and
administrative expenses.

                                       34
<PAGE>

COST OF CONTRACT MANUFACTURING:
-------------------------------
                                             YEARS ENDED APRIL 30,
                              --------------------------------------------------
                                   2003              2002           $ CHANGE
                              -------------    ---------------    --------------
                                                (in thousands)
         COST OF CONTRACT
            MANUFACTURING        $ 2,860             $ 12             $ 2,848

         The increase in cost of contract manufacturing of $2,848,000 during the
year ended April 30, 2003 compared to the prior year is primarily due to the
increase in contract manufacturing revenue and the additional personnel costs
required to operate a current Good Manufacturing Practices ("cGMP") facility.

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT:
-------------------------
                                             YEARS ENDED APRIL 30,
                              --------------------------------------------------
                                   2003              2002           $ CHANGE
                              -------------    ---------------    --------------
                                                (in thousands)
         RESEARCH AND
           DEVELOPMENT          $ 8,744           $11,494          ($ 2,750)

         Research and development expenses primarily include (i) payroll and
related costs associated with research and development personnel, (ii) costs
related to clinical and pre-clinical testing of the Company's technologies under
development, (iii) the costs to manufacture the product candidates, including
raw materials and supplies (iv) expenses for research and services rendered
under outside contracts, including sponsored research funding, and (v) facility
expenses.

         The decrease in research and development expenses of $2,750,000 during
the year ended April 30, 2003 compared to the same period in the prior year is
primarily due to a decrease in clinical trial program expenses, the allocation
of labor and overhead expenses to cost of contract manufacturing and inventories
in relation to contract manufacturing services provided by Avid to outside
customers, and a reduction of stock-based compensation expense. The reduction in
clinical trial costs is primarily due to suspending all clinical trial patient
enrollment, other than our ongoing trial at Stanford University Medical Center,
in order to focus our efforts on licensing our technologies. These decreases in
clinical trial program expenses were offset by an increase in expenses incurred
in the first quarter of fiscal year 2003 associated with seeking protocol
approval from the Food and Drug Administration and start-up activities primarily
related to a European investigator meeting held to support a previously planned
registration clinical trial for the treatment of brain cancer using Cotara(TM).
The decrease in stock-based compensation expense is associated with the fair
value of optioNs granted to non-employee consultants performing research and
development activities that were fully amortized in the prior year period. The
options were valued using the Black-Scholes valuation model and are being
amortized over the estimated period of service or related vesting period. The
above decreases in research and development expenses were offset by an increase
in manufacturing expenses. The increase in manufacturing expenses is primarily
due to the increase in our supply of Cotara(TM) during the first quarter of
fiscal year 2003 for use in the planned registration clinical trial for tHe
treatment of brain cancer, for which we are now seeking a licensing partner. In
addition, in order to operate a cGMP facility, we have incurred an increase in
salary expense due to increased headcount, combined with an increase in facility
expenses as a cGMP facility requires highly specialized personnel and equipment
that must be maintained on a continual basis.

                                       35
<PAGE>

             The following represents the research and development expenses
("R&D Expenses") we have incurred by each major platform technology under
development:

                                       R&D EXPENSES-        R&D EXPENSES-
     PLATFORM TECHNOLOGY                YEAR ENDED         FIVE YEARS ENDED
      UNDER DEVELOPMENT               APRIL 30, 2003        APRIL 30, 2003
  -------------------------------    -----------------     ------------------
  TNT development (Cotara(TM))         $  4,913,000         $  23,283,000
  VEA development                         1,187,000             3,610,000
  VTA development                         2,325,000             5,334,000
  LYM development (Oncolym(R))              319,000            13,198,000

                                     -----------------     ------------------
  Total research and development       $  8,744,000         $  45,425,000
                                     =================     ==================

         From inception of the Company through April 30, 1998, we have expensed
$20,898,000 on research and development of our product candidates, with the
costs primarily being closely split between the research and development of
Cotara(TM) aNd Oncolym(R). In addition to the above costs, we have expensed an
aggregate amount of $32,004,000 for the acquisition of our TNT and VTA
technologies, which were acquired during fiscal years 1995 and 1997,
respectively.

         Looking beyond the current fiscal year, it is extremely difficult for
us to reasonably estimate all future research and development costs associated
with each of our technologies due to the number of unknowns and uncertainties
associated with pre-clinical and clinical trial development. These unknown
variables and uncertainties include, but are not limited to:

         o    The uncertainty of our capital resources to fund research,
              development and clinical studies beyond the third quarter of
              fiscal year 2004;
         o    The uncertainty of future costs associated with our pre-clinical
              candidates, Vasopermeation Enhancement Agents, and Vascular
              Targeting Agents, which costs are dependent on the success of
              pre-clinical development. We are uncertain whether or not these
              product candidates will be successful and we are uncertain whether
              or not we will incur any additional costs beyond pre-clinical
              development;
         o    The uncertainty of future clinical trial results;
         o    The uncertainty of the number of patients to be treated in any
              clinical trial;
         o    The uncertainty of the Food and Drug Administration allowing our
              studies to move forward from Phase I clinical studies to Phase II
              and Phase III clinical studies;
         o    The uncertainty of the rate at which patients are enrolled into
              any current or future study. Any delays in clinical trials could
              significantly increase the cost of the study and would extend the
              estimated completion dates.
         o    The uncertainty of terms related to potential future partnering or
              licensing arrangements; and
         o    The uncertainty of protocol changes and modifications in the
              design of our clinical trial studies, which may increase or
              decrease our future costs.

         We or our potential partners will need to do additional development and
clinical testing prior to seeking any regulatory approval for commercialization
of our product candidates as all of our products are in clinical and
pre-clinical development. Testing, manufacturing, commercialization,
advertising, promotion, exporting and marketing, among other things, of our
proposed products are subject to extensive regulation by governmental



                                       36
<PAGE>

authorities in the United States and other countries. The testing and approval
process requires substantial time, effort and financial resources, and we cannot
guarantee that any approval will be granted on a timely basis, if at all.
Companies in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries have suffered
significant setbacks in conducting advanced human clinical trials, even after
obtaining promising results in earlier trials. Furthermore, the United States
Food and Drug Administration may suspend clinical trials at any time on various
grounds, including a finding that the subjects or patients are being exposed to
an unacceptable health risk. Even if regulatory approval of a product is
granted, such approval may entail limitations on the indicated uses for which it
may be marketed. Accordingly, we or our potential partners may experience
difficulties and delays in obtaining necessary governmental clearances and
approvals to market our products, and we or our potential partners may not be
able to obtain all necessary governmental clearances and approvals to market our
products.

PURCHASED IN-PROCESS RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT:
----------------------------------------------

                                             YEARS ENDED APRIL 30,
                              --------------------------------------------------
                                   2003              2002           $ CHANGE
                              -------------    ---------------    --------------
                                                (in thousands)

         PURCHASED IN-PROCESS
           RESEARCH AND
           DEVELOPMENT             $ --            $ 2,000         ($ 2,000)

         The decrease in purchased in-process research and development expense
of $2,000,000 during the year ended April 30, 2003 compared to the prior year is
due to a charge in the prior fiscal year of $2,000,000 related to the
dissolution of the joint venture with Oxigene, Inc. whereby we re-acquired all
rights to our Vascular Targeting Agent platform technology for a cash fee of
$2,000,000.

SELLING, GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE:
------------------------------------

                                             YEARS ENDED APRIL 30,
                              --------------------------------------------------
                                   2003              2002           $ CHANGE
                              -------------    ---------------    --------------
                                                (in thousands)
         SELLING, GENERAL AND
           ADMINISTRATIVE        $ 2,987           $ 2,478            $ 509

         The increase in selling, general and administrative expenses of
$509,000 during the year ended April 30, 2003 compared to the prior year is
primarily related to increased business development activities associated with
the formation and start-up of Avid combined with our efforts to license our
technologies under development.

INTEREST AND OTHER INCOME:
--------------------------

                                             YEARS ENDED APRIL 30,
                              --------------------------------------------------
                                   2003              2002           $ CHANGE
                              -------------    ---------------    --------------
                                                (in thousands)
         INTEREST AND OTHER
           INCOME                 $ 291             $ 512            ($ 221)

         The decrease in interest and other income of $221,000 during the year
ended April 30, 2003 compared to the prior year is primarily due to a decrease
in interest income as a result of a lower average cash balance on hand and lower
prevailing interest rates during the current fiscal year compared to the prior
fiscal year.


                                       37
<PAGE>

INTEREST AND OTHER EXPENSE:
---------------------------

                                             YEARS ENDED APRIL 30,
                              --------------------------------------------------
                                   2003              2002           $ CHANGE
                              -------------    ---------------    --------------
                                                (in thousands)
         INTEREST AND OTHER
          EXPENSE                $ 1,180             $ 12             $ 1,168

         The increase in interest and other expense of $1,168,000 during the
 year ended April 30, 2003 compared to the prior year is primarily due to an
 increase in interest expense associated with the issuance of $3,750,000 in
 convertible debt during August 2002 combined with an increase in non-cash
 interest expense of $1,017,000 resulting from the amortization of the
 convertible debt discount associated with the fair value of detachable warrants
 and intrinsic value of the embedded conversion feature combined with the
 amortization of related debt issuance costs.


       YEAR ENDED APRIL 30, 2002 COMPARED TO THE YEAR ENDED APRIL 30, 2001

NET LOSS:
---------

                                             YEARS ENDED APRIL 30,
                              --------------------------------------------------
                                   2002              2001           $ CHANGE
                              -------------    ---------------    --------------
                                                (in thousands)
         NET LOSS                ($11,718)        ($ 9,535)          $ 2,183

         The increase in our reported net loss of $2,183 for the year ended
April 30, 2002 compared to the prior year is due to an increase in total cost
and expenses of $4,792,000 and a decrease in interest and other income of
$409,000. Such amounts were offset by a decrease in interest and other expense
of $231,000 combined with a $2,787,000 increase in total revenues.

TOTAL REVENUES:
---------------

                                             YEARS ENDED APRIL 30,
                              --------------------------------------------------
                                   2002              2001           $ CHANGE
                              -------------    ---------------    --------------
                                                (in thousands)
         TOTAL REVENUES          $ 3,766            $ 979            $ 2,787

         The increase in total revenues of $2,787,000 during the year ended
April 30, 2002 compared to the prior year is due to a $46,000 increase in
contract manufacturing revenue combined with a $2,741,000 increase in license
revenue.

CONTRACT MANUFACTURING REVENUE:
-------------------------------

                                             YEARS ENDED APRIL 30,
                              --------------------------------------------------
                                   2002              2001           $ CHANGE
                              -------------    ---------------    --------------
                                                (in thousands)
          CONTRACT MANUFACTURING
            REVENUE               $ 46               $ --              $ 46

          The increase in contract manufacturing revenue of $46,000 during the
year ended April 30, 2002 compared to the prior year is due to services provided
by Avid. We announced the formation and start-up of Avid in January 2002 and
therefore, minimal revenues were generated during fiscal year 2002.

                                       38
<PAGE>

LICENSE REVENUE:
----------------

                                             YEARS ENDED APRIL 30,
                              --------------------------------------------------
                                   2002              2001           $ CHANGE
                              -------------    ---------------    --------------
                                                (in thousands)
         LICENSE REVENUE         $ 3,720            $ 979            $ 2,741

         The increase in license revenue of $2,741,000 during the year ended
April 30, 2002 compared to the prior year is primarily due to the recognition of
a $3,000,000 up-front licensing payment received from Schering A.G. in March
1999. During June 2001, we recognized deferred license revenue of $3,000,000
when we assumed the Oncolym(R) licensing rights froM Schering A.G. and met all
obligations under the agreement.

TOTAL COST AND EXPENSES:
------------------------

                                             YEARS ENDED APRIL 30,
                              --------------------------------------------------
                                   2002              2001           $ CHANGE
                              -------------    ---------------    --------------
                                                (in thousands)
         TOTAL COST AND
           EXPENSES              $15,984           $11,192           $ 4,792

         The increase in total cost and expenses of $4,792,000 during the year
ended April 30, 2002 compared to the prior year is due to a $12,000 increase in
cost of contract manufacturing, a $3,745,000 increase in research and
development expenses and a $2,000,000 increase in purchased in-process research
and development expense, offset by a $965,000 decrease in selling, general and
administrative expenses.

COST OF CONTRACT MANUFACTURING:
-------------------------------

                                             YEARS ENDED APRIL 30,
                              --------------------------------------------------
                                   2002              2001           $ CHANGE
                              -------------    ---------------    --------------
                                                (in thousands)
         COST OF CONTRACT
           MANUFACTURING          $ 12              $  --              $ 12

         The increase in cost of contract manufacturing of $12,000 during the
year ended April 30, 2002 compared to the prior year is due to the commencement
of Avid's operations in January 2002 and the increase in related revenues.



                                       39
<PAGE>

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT:
-------------------------

                                             YEARS ENDED APRIL 30,
                              --------------------------------------------------
                                   2002              2001           $ CHANGE
                              -------------    ---------------    --------------
                                                (in thousands)
         RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT
           EXPENSES              $11,494           $ 7,749            $ 3,745

         The increase in research and development expenses of $3,745,000 during
the year ended April 30, 2002 compared to the same period in the prior year is
primarily due to an increase in clinical trial program expenses associated with
the previously planned registration clinical trial for the treatment of brain
cancer combined with an increase in enrollment for our various Phase I
Cotara(TM) studies. These amounts were offset by a decrease in Oncolym(R)
expenses which were allocated to us in the prior year by our former licensing
partner, Schering A.G.

         In addition to increased clinical trial program costs, we have incurred
an increase in expenses associated with our pre-clinical development of our two
other platform technologies: Vasopermeation Enhancement Agents ("VEA's") and
Vascular Targeting Agents ("VTA's"). We have increased our sponsored research
funding with the University of Southern California and the University of Texas
Southwestern Medical Center for the development of our VEA and VTA technologies,
respectively, compared to the prior year. In addition, patent legal fees have
increased in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2002 after we reacquired our VTA
rights from Oxigene, Inc., our former joint venture partner, on February 28,
2002.

         Moreover, we have incurred an increase in manufacturing expenses
compared to the same period in the prior year as we are increasing our supply of
Cotara(TM) for the planned product registration clinical trial for the treatment
of braIn cancer in addition to preparing our facility for manufacturing
biologics for other companies. In addition, in order to operate a cGMP facility,
we have incurred an increase in salary and facility expenses as it requires
highly specialized personnel and equipment that must be maintained on a
continual basis.

         The current fiscal year increase was further supplemented by an
increase in stock-based compensation expense associated with the fair value of
options granted to non-employee consultants who are assisting us with the
development of our platform technologies. The options were valued using the
Black-Scholes valuation model and are being amortized over the estimated period
of service or related vesting period.

PURCHASED IN-PROCESS RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT:
----------------------------------------------

                                             YEARS ENDED APRIL 30,
                              --------------------------------------------------
                                   2002              2001           $ CHANGE
                              -------------    ---------------    --------------
                                                (in thousands)
         PURCHASED IN-PROCESS
           RESEARCH AND
           DEVELOPMENT          $ 2,000              $ --             $ 2,000

         During February 2002, we entered into a Plan and Agreement of
Liquidation with Oxigene, Inc., to dissolve the joint venture initiated in May
2000 to develop Vascular Targeting Agents. Under the terms of the Plan and
Agreement of Liquidation, we paid Oxigene $2,000,000 in cash, which we charged
to in-process research and development expense as the related technology has not
reached technological feasibility. In exchange, we reacquired full rights and
interest to the Vascular Targeting Agent technology we previously contributed to
the joint venture.

                                       40
<PAGE>

SELLING, GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE:
------------------------------------
                                             YEARS ENDED APRIL 30,
                              --------------------------------------------------
                                   2002              2001           $ CHANGE
                              -------------    ---------------    --------------
                                                (in thousands)
         SELLING, GENERAL AND
           ADMINISTRATIVE        $ 2,478           $ 3,443           ($ 965)

         The decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses of
$965,000 during the year ended April 30, 2002 compared to the prior year
resulted primarily from a decrease in stock-based compensation expense
associated with the amortization of the fair value of warrants granted in prior
years which were fully amortized as of April 30, 2001. In addition, the current
fiscal year decrease in expense was supplemented by a decrease in severance
expense due to a prior year expense of $250,000 regarding a global settlement
with a former officer of the Company plus a decrease in related legal fees. The
above decreases were offset by an increase in business development, salary and
other general expenses associated with the formation of Avid, combined with an
increase business development expenses associated with Peregrine's licensing
activities.

INTEREST AND OTHER INCOME:
--------------------------

                                             YEARS ENDED APRIL 30,
                              --------------------------------------------------
                                   2002              2001           $ CHANGE
                              -------------    ---------------    --------------
                                                (in thousands)
         INTEREST AND OTHER
            INCOME               $ 512              $ 921            ($ 409)

         The decrease in interest and other income of $409,000 during the year
ended April 30, 2002 compared to the prior year is primarily due to a decrease
in interest income as a result of lower prevailing interest rates combined with
a decrease in our average cash balance on hand during the current fiscal year
compared to the prior fiscal year. In addition, the current fiscal year decrease
in interest and other income was further supplemented by a decrease in other
income primarily due to the collection of a $175,000 past due promissory note in
the prior fiscal year.

INTEREST AND OTHER EXPENSE:
---------------------------

                                             YEARS ENDED APRIL 30,
                              --------------------------------------------------
                                   2002              2001           $ CHANGE
                              -------------    ---------------    --------------
                                                (in thousands)
         INTEREST AND OTHER
          EXPENSE                 $ 12              $ 243            ($ 231)

         The decrease in interest and other expense of $231,000 during the year
ended April 30, 2002 compared to the prior year resulted primarily from a
decrease in interest expense associated with a $3,300,000 note payable to
Biotechnology Development Ltd. ("BTD") associated with the acquisition of the
Oncolym(R) rights in Europe, which was paid in full durinG fiscal year 2001. BTD
is a limited partnership controlled by Mr. Edward J. Legere, our former
President, Chief Executive Officer and a current member of the Board of
Directors.


                                       41
<PAGE>

                         LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

         During June 2003, we entered into two separate financing transactions
(as further explained in our notes to the consolidated financial statements
contained herein) with several investors, whereby we issued approximately
4,012,000 shares of common stock and warrants to purchase up to approximately
150,000 shares of common stock, for aggregate gross proceeds of $3,915,000. In
addition, during the two months ended June 30, 2003, we received aggregate gross
proceeds of $2,207,000 upon the cash exercise of approximately 3,012,000
warrants.

         As of June 30, 2003, we had $7.8 million in cash and cash equivalents.
We have generally financed our operations primarily through the sale of our
common stock and issuance of convertible debt, which has been supplemented with
payments received from various licensing collaborations and through the revenues
generated from Avid. During fiscal year 2003, we supported our cash used in
operations of $10,305,000 primarily through the sale of our common stock and
issuance of convertible debt. During August 2002, we entered into two financing
transactions (as further explained in our notes to the consolidated financial
statements contained herein) with eight investors, whereby we issued convertible
debentures which are due in three years for an aggregate amount of $3,750,000,
sold approximately 8,121,000 shares of common stock and issued warrants to
purchase up to approximately 9,400,000 shares of common stock, for aggregate
gross proceeds of $9,000,000.

         We have expended substantial funds on the development of our product
candidates and for clinical trials and we have incurred negative cash flows from
operations for the majority of our years since inception. We expect negative
cash flows from operations to continue until we are able to generate sufficient
revenue from the contract manufacturing services provided by Avid and/or from
the licensing of Peregrine's products under development.

         Revenues earned by Avid during the year ended April 30, 2003 amounted
to $3,346,000. We expect that Avid will continue to generate revenues which
should lower consolidated cash flows used in operations, although we expect
those near term revenues will be insufficient to cover consolidated cash flows
used in operations. As such, we will continue to need to raise additional
capital to provide for our operations, including the anticipated development and
clinical trial costs of Cotara(TM), the anticipated development costs associated
with Vasopermeation Enhancement Agents ("VEA's") and VasculAr Targeting Agents
("VTA's"), and the potential expansion of Avid's manufacturing capabilities.

         Assuming we do not raise any additional capital from financing
activities or from the sale or licensing of our technologies, and further
assuming that Avid does not generate any additional revenues beyond our current
active contracts, we believe we have sufficient cash on hand to meet our
obligations on a timely basis through at least the third quarter of fiscal year
2004.

         In addition to equity financing, we are actively exploring various
other sources of cash by leveraging our many assets. The transactions being
explored include licensing, partnering or the sale of Cotara(TM) and Oncolym(R),
divesting all radiopharmaceutical based technologies, including Oncolym(R),
Cotara(TM), and radiopharmaceutical uses of our VTA's, and licensing or
partnering our various VEA and VTA based technology uses.

        In addition to licensing, partnering or the divestiture of some of our
technologies to raise capital, we are also exploring a possible strategic
transaction related to our subsidiary, Avid Bioservices, Inc. In this regard, we
have begun to explore the possibility to partner or a complete sale of Avid as a
means of raising additional capital.

                                       42
<PAGE>

         There can be no assurances that we will be successful in raising such
funds on terms acceptable to us, or at all, or that sufficient additional
capital will be raised to complete the research, development, and clinical
testing of our product candidates.


ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
         ----------------------------------------------------------

         Changes in United States interest rates would affect the interest
earned on our cash and cash equivalents. Based on our overall interest rate
exposure at April 30, 2003, a near-term change in interest rates, based on
historical movements, would not materially affect the fair value of interest
rate sensitive instruments. Our debt instruments have fixed interest rates and
terms and therefore, a significant change in interest rates would not have a
material adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations.

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENT AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
        ------------------------------------------

         Reference is made to the financial statements included in this Report
at pages F-1 through F-33.



                                       43
<PAGE>


ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
        FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES
        ---------------------------------------------------------------

         Not applicable.


                                    PART III
                                    --------

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT
         --------------------------------------------------

         The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by
reference from our definitive proxy statement for our 2003 Annual Shareholders'
Meeting.

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
         ----------------------

         The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by
reference from our definitive proxy statement for our 2003 Annual Shareholders'
Meeting.

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT
         --------------------------------------------------------------

         The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by
reference from our definitive proxy statement for our 2003 Annual Shareholder's
Meeting.

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
         ----------------------------------------------

         During September 1995, we entered into an agreement with Cancer
Therapeutics, Inc. whereby we granted to Cancer Therapeutics, Inc. the exclusive
right to sublicense TNT to a major pharmaceutical company solely in the Peoples
Republic of China for a period of 10 years, subject to the major pharmaceutical
company obtaining product approval within 36 months. In exchange for this right,
the major pharmaceutical company would be required to fund not less than
$3,000,000 for research and development expenses of Cancer Therapeutics related
to TNT and we would retain exclusive rights to all research, product development
and data outside of the Peoples Republic of China. The technology was then
sublicensed to Brilliance Shanghai Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ("Brilliance"). In
addition, we are entitled to receive 50% of all revenues received by Cancer
Therapeutics with respect to its sublicensing of TNT to Brilliance. During March
2001, we extended the exclusive licensing period granted to Cancer Therapeutics,
which now expires on December 31, 2016. Dr. Clive Taylor, a member of our Board
of Directors, owns 26% of Cancer Therapeutics and is an officer and director of
Cancer Therapeutics. Dr. Taylor has abstained from voting at meetings of our
board of directors on any matters relating to Cancer Therapeutics or Brilliance.
Through fiscal year ended April 30, 2003, Cancer Therapeutics has not derived
any revenues from its agreement with Brilliance.

         Under the November Shelf, during November 2001, we received $5,750,000
under a Common Stock Purchase Agreement in exchange for 5,750,000 shares of our
common stock and warrants to purchase up to 1,725,000 shares of common stock at
an exercise price of $1.00 per share. The warrants can be exercised on a cash
basis only. Mr. Eric Swartz, a Director of the Company, invested $500,000 of the
total amount in exchange for 500,000 shares of our common stock and warrants to
purchase up to 150,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $1.00.

                                       44
<PAGE>

Subsequent to the sale, we were informed by The Nasdaq Stock Market that the
sale of shares to a director of the Company at a discount to the market price of
our common stock required shareholder approval in order for us to be in
compliance with Nasdaq Market Rule 4350. On October 22, 2002, our prior sale of
common stock to Mr. Eric Swartz did not receive shareholder approval due to
insufficient shareholder votes. As such, we were required to rescind the
transaction and to return the sum of $500,000 to Mr. Swartz in exchange for the
500,000 shares of common stock and the cancellation of a warrant to purchase up
to 150,000 shares of common stock. During December 2002, we paid Mr. Swartz
$508,000, which included interest from the date of the investment to the date
the funds were returned to Mr. Swartz calculated at our money market rates.

ITEM 14. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
         -----------------------

         An evaluation has been performed under the supervision and with the
participation of our management, including our CEO and CFO, of the effectiveness
of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of
April 30, 2003. Based on that evaluation, our management, including our CEO and
CFO, concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of
April 30, 2003. There have been no significant changes in our internal controls
or in other factors that could significantly affect internal controls subsequent
to April 30, 2003.




                                       45
<PAGE>

                                     PART IV
                                     -------

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT
         SCHEDULES, AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K
         ----------------------------------------------------------------

(a)      (1)      Consolidated Financial Statements
                  ---------------------------------

         The financial statements and schedules listed below are filed as part
         of this Report:

                                                                            Page
                                                                            ----

             Report of Independent Auditors                                 F-1

             Consolidated Balance Sheets as of                              F-2
             April 30, 2003 and 2002

             Consolidated Statements of Operations                          F-4
             for each of the three years in the period
             ended April 30, 2003

             Consolidated Statements of Stockholders'                       F-5
             Equity (Deficit) for each of the three
             years in the period ended April 30, 2003

             Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows                          F-6
             for each of the three years in the period
             ended April 30, 2003

             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                     F-8

         (2)      Financial Statement Schedules
                  -----------------------------

                  II       Valuation and Qualifying Accounts                F-33


       All other schedules for which provision is made in the applicable
       accounting regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission are not
       required under the related instructions or are inapplicable and therefore
       have been omitted.



                                       46
<PAGE>

EXHIBIT
 NUMBER                             DESCRIPTION
-------     --------------------------------------------------------------------

  3.1      Certificate of Incorporation of Techniclone Corporation, a Delaware
           corporation (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit B to the Company's
           1996 Proxy Statement as filed with the Commission on or about August
           20, 1996).

  3.2      Bylaws of Peregrine Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (formerly Techniclone
           Corporation), a Delaware corporation (Incorporated by reference to
           Exhibit C to the Company's 1996 Proxy Statement as filed with the
           Commission on or about August 20, 1996).

  3.3      Certificate of Designation of 5% Adjustable Convertible Class C
           Preferred Stock as filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on
           April 23, 1997. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 contained
           in Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the
           Commission on or about May 12, 1997).

  3.4      Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of
           Techniclone Corporation to effect the name change to Peregrine
           Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation.

  4.1      Form of Certificate for Common Stock (Incorporated by reference to
           the exhibit of the same number contained in Registrant's Annual
           Report on Form 10-K for the year end April 30, 1988).

  4.7      5% Preferred Stock Investment Agreement between Registrant and the
           Investors (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 contained in
           Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the Commission
           on or about May 12, 1997).

  4.8      Registration Rights Agreement between the Registrant and the holders
           of the Class C Preferred Stock (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
           4.2 contained in Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K as filed
           with the Commission on or about May 12, 1997).

  4.9      Form of Stock Purchase Warrant to be issued to the holders of the
           Class C Preferred Stock upon conversion of the Class C Preferred
           Stock (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 contained in
           Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the Commission
           on or about May 12, 1997).

  4.10     Regulation D Common Equity Line Subscription Agreement dated June 16,
           1998 between the Registrant and the Equity Line Subscribers named
           therein (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 contained in
           Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated as filed with the
           Commission on or about June 29, 1998).




                                       47
<PAGE>
EXHIBIT
 NUMBER                             DESCRIPTION
-------     --------------------------------------------------------------------

  4.11     Form of Amendment to Regulation D Common Stock Equity Line
           Subscription Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5
           contained in Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the
           Commission on or about June 29, 1998).

  4.12     Registration Rights Agreement between the Registrant and the
           Subscribers (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 contained in
           Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the Commission
           on or about June 29, 1998).

  4.13     Form of Stock Purchase Warrant to be issued to the Equity Line
           Subscribers pursuant to the Regulation D Common Stock Equity
           Subscription Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7
           contained in Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with
           the Commission on or about June 29, 1998).

  4.14     Placement Agent Agreement dated as of June 16, 1998, by and between
           the Registrant and Swartz Investments LLC, a Georgia limited
           liability company d/b/a Swartz Institutional Finance (Incorporated by
           reference to the exhibit contained in Registration's Registration
           Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-63773)).

  4.15     Second Amendment to Regulation D Common Stock Equity Line
           Subscription Agreement dated as of September 16, 1998, by and among
           the Registrant, The Tail Wind Fund, Ltd. and Resonance Limited
           (Incorporated by reference to the exhibit contained in Registration's
           Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-63773)).

  4.16     Form of Non-qualified Stock Option Agreement by and between
           Registrant, Director and certain consultants dated December 22, 1999
           (Incorporated by reference to the exhibit contained in Registrant's
           Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-40716)).

  10.23    Incentive Stock Option, Non-qualified Stock Option and Restricted
           Stock Purchase Plan - 1986 (Incorporated by reference to the exhibit
           contained in Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File
           No. 33-15102))*

  10.24    Cancer Biologics Incorporated Incentive Stock Option, Nonqualified
           Stock Option and Restricted Stock Purchase Plan - 1987 (Incorporated
           by reference to the exhibit contained in Registrant's Registration
           Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 33-8664)).*




                                       48
<PAGE>
EXHIBIT
 NUMBER                             DESCRIPTION
-------     --------------------------------------------------------------------

  10.26    Amendment to 1986 Stock Option Plan dated March 1, 1988 (Incorporated
           by reference to the exhibit of the same number contained in
           Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended April 30,
           1988).*

  10.31    Agreement dated February 5, 1996, between Cambridge Antibody
           Technology, Ltd. and Registrant (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
           10.1 contained in Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated
           February 5, 1996, as filed with the Commission on or about February
           8, 1996).

  10.32    Distribution Agreement dated February 29, 1996, between Biotechnology
           Development, Ltd. and Registrant (Incorporated by reference to
           Exhibit 10.1 contained in Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K
           dated February 29, 1996, as filed with the Commission on or about
           March 7, 1996).

  10.33    Option Agreement dated February 29, 1996, by and between
           Biotechnology Development, Ltd. and Registrant (Incorporated by
           reference to Exhibit 10.2 contained in Registrant's Current Report on
           Form 8-K dated February 29, 1996, as filed with the Commission on or
           about March 7, 1996).

  10.40    1996 Stock Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to the exhibit
           contained in Registrant's Registration Statement in form S-8 (File
           No. 333-17513)).*

  10.41    Stock Exchange Agreement dated as of January 15, 1997 among the
           stockholders of Peregrine Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Registrant
           (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Registrant's Quarterly
           Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 31, 1997).

  10.42    First Amendment to Stock Exchange Agreement among the Stockholders of
           Peregrine Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Registrant (Incorporated by
           reference to Exhibit 2.1 contained in Registrant's Current Report on
           Form 8-K as filed with the Commission on or about May 12, 1997).

  10.43    Termination and Transfer Agreement dated as of November 14, 1997 by
           and between Registrant and Alpha Therapeutic Corporation
           (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 contained in Registrant's
           Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the commission on or about
           November 24, 1997).

  10.46    Option Agreement dated October 23, 1998 between Biotechnology
           Development Ltd. and the Registrant (Incorporated by reference to the
           exhibit contained in Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for
           the fiscal quarter ended October 31, 1998, as filed with the SEC on
           or about December 15, 1998).

  10.47    Real Estate Purchase Agreement by and between Techniclone Corporation
           and 14282 Franklin Avenue Associates, LLC dated December 24, 1998
           (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.47 to Registrant's Quarterly
           Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 31, 1999).

  10.48    Lease and Agreement of Lease between TNCA, LLC, as Landlord, and
           Techniclone Corporation, as Tenant, dated as of December 24, 1998
           (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.48 to Registrant's Quarterly
           Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 31, 1999).


                                       49
<PAGE>
EXHIBIT
 NUMBER                             DESCRIPTION
-------     --------------------------------------------------------------------

  10.49    Promissory Note dated as of December 24, 1998 between Techniclone
           Corporation (Payee) and TNCA Holding, LLC (Maker) for $1,925,000
           (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.49 to Registrant's Quarterly
           Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 31, 1999).

  10.50    Pledge and Security Agreement dated as of December 24, 1998 for
           $1,925,000 Promissory Note between Grantors and Techniclone
           Corporation (Secured Party) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
           10.50 to Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter
           ended January 31, 1999).

  10.51    Final fully-executed copy of the Regulation D Common Stock Equity
           Line Subscription Agreement dated as of June 16, 1998 between the
           Registrant and the Subscribers named therein (Incorporated by
           reference to exhibit 10.51 contained in the Registrant's Registration
           Statement on Form S-3/A as filed with the Commission on April 30,
           1999).

  10.53    Termination Agreement dated as of March 8, 1999 by and between
           Registrant and Biotechnology Development Ltd. (Incorporated by
           reference to Exhibit 10.53 to Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K
           for the year ended April 30, 1999).

  10.54    Secured Promissory Note for $3,300,000 dated March 8, 1999 between
           Registrant and Biotechnology Development Ltd. (Incorporated by
           reference to Exhibit 10.54 to Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K
           for the year ended April 30, 1999).

  10.55    Security Agreement dated March 8, 1999 between Registrant and
           Biotechnology Development Ltd. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
           10.52 to Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
           April 30, 1999).

  10.56    License Agreement dated as of March 8, 1999 by and between Registrant
           and Schering A.G. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.56 to
           Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended April 30,
           1999).**

  10.57    Patent License Agreement dated October 8, 1998 between Registrant and
           the Board of Regents of the University of Texas System for patents
           related to Targeting the Vasculature of Solid Tumors (Vascular
           Targeting Agent patents) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.57
           to Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
           July 31, 1999).

  10.58    Patent License Agreement dated October 8, 1998 between Registrant and
           the Board of Regents of the University of Texas System for patents
           related to the Coagulation of the Tumor Vasculature (Vascular
           Targeting Agent patents) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.58
           to Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
           July 31, 1999).

  10.59    License Agreement between Northwestern University and Registrant
           dated August 4, 1999 covering the LYM-1 and LYM-2 antibodies
           (Oncolym(R)) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.59 to
           Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July
           31, 1999).


                                       50
<PAGE>
EXHIBIT
 NUMBER                             DESCRIPTION
-------     --------------------------------------------------------------------

  10.64    Regulation D Subscription Agreement dated January 6, 2000 between
           Registrant and Subscribers, Swartz Investments, LLC and Biotechnology
           Development, LTD. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.64 to
           Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
           January 31, 2000).

  10.65    Registration Right Agreement dated January 6, 2000 between Registrant
           and Subscribers of the Regulation D Subscription Agreement dated
           January 6, 2000 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.65 to
           Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
           January 31, 2000).

  10.66    Form of Warrant to be issued to Subscribers pursuant to the
           Regulation D Subscription Agreement dated January 6, 2000
           (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.66 to Registrant's Quarterly
           Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 31, 2000).

  10.67    Warrant to purchase 750,000 shares of Common Stock of Registrant
           issued to Swartz Private Equity, LLC dated November 19, 1999
           (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.67 to Registrant's Quarterly
           Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 31, 2000).

  10.68    Amendment Agreement dated June 14, 2000 to the License Agreement
           dated March 8, 1999 by and between Registrant and Schering A.G.
           (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.68 to Registrant's
           Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-40716).

  10.69    Waiver Agreement effective December 29, 1999 by and between
           Registrant and Biotechnology Development Ltd. (Incorporated by
           reference to Exhibit 10.69 to Registrant's Registration Statement on
           Form S-3 (File No. 333-40716).

  10.70    Joint Venture Agreement dated May 11, 2000 by and between Registrant
           and Oxigene, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.70 to
           Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-40716).

  10.71    Third Amendment to Regulation D Common Stock Equity Line Subscription
           Agreement dated June 2, 2000 by and among the Registrant, the Tail
           Wind Fund, Ltd. and Resonance Limited (Incorporated by reference to
           Exhibit 10.71 contained in Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
           for the quarter ended July 31, 2000).

  10.73    Common Stock Purchase Agreement to purchase up to 6,000,000 shares of
           Common Stock of Registrant issued to ZLP Master Fund, LTD, ZLP Master
           Technology Fund, LTD, Eric Swartz, Michael C. Kendrick, Vertical
           Ventures LLC and Triton West Group, Inc. dated November 16, 2001
           (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.73 to Registrant's Current
           Report on Form 8-K dated November 19, 2001, as filed with the
           Commission on November 19, 2001).

  10.74    Form of Warrant to be issued to Investors pursuant to the Common
           Stock Purchase Agreement dated November 16, 2001 (Incorporated by
           reference to Exhibit 10.74 to Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K
           dated November 19, 2001, as filed with the Commission on November 19,
           2001).



                                       51
<PAGE>
EXHIBIT
 NUMBER                             DESCRIPTION
-------     --------------------------------------------------------------------

  10.75    Common Stock Purchase Agreement to purchase 1,100,000 shares of
           Common Stock of Registrant issued to ZLP Master Fund, LTD and
           Vertical Capital Holdings, Ltd. dated January 28, 2002 (Incorporated
           by reference to Exhibit 10.75 to Registrant's Current Report on Form
           8-K dated January 31, 2002, as filed with the Commission on February
           5, 2002).

  10.76    Form of Warrant to be issued to Investors pursuant to the Common
           Stock Purchase Agreement dated January 28, 2002 (Incorporated by
           reference to Exhibit 10.76 to Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K
           dated January 31, 2002, as filed with the Commission on February 5,
           2002).

  10.77    Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of August 9, 2002 between
           Registrant and Purchasers (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.77
           to Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No.
           333-99157), as filed with the Commission on September 4, 2002).

  10.78    Form of Convertible Debentures issued to Purchasers pursuant to
           Securities Purchase Agreement dated August 9, 2002 (Incorporated by
           reference to Exhibit 10.78 to Registrant's Registration Statement on
           Form S-3 (File No. 333-99157), as filed with the Commission on
           September 4, 2002).

  10.79    Registration Rights Agreement dated August 9, 2002 between Registrant
           and Purchasers of Securities Purchase Agreements dated August 9, 2002
           (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.79 to Registrant's
           Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-99157), as filed
           with the Commission on September 4, 2002).

  10.80    Form of Warrant to be issued to Purchasers pursuant to Securities
           Purchase Agreement dated August 9, 2002 (Incorporated by reference to
           Exhibit 10.80 to Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-3
           (File No. 333-99157), as filed with the Commission on September 4,
           2002).

  10.81    Form of Warrant issued to Debenture holders pursuant to Securities
           Purchase Agreement dated August 9, 2002 (Incorporated by reference to
           Exhibit 10.81 to Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-3
           (File No. 333-99157), as filed with the Commission on September 4,
           2002).

  10.82    Form of Adjustment Warrant issued to Investors pursuant to Securities
           Purchase Agreement dated August 9, 2002 (Incorporated by reference to
           Exhibit 10.82 to Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-3
           (File No. 333-99157), as filed with the Commission on September 4,
           2002).

  10.83    Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of August 9, 2002 between
           Registrant and ZLP Master Fund, Ltd. (Incorporated by reference to
           Exhibit 10.83 to Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-3
           (File No. 333-99157), as filed with the Commission on September 4,
           2002).

  10.84    Registration Rights Agreement dated August 9, 2002 between Registrant
           and ZLP Master Fund, Ltd. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.84
           to Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No.
           333-99157), as filed with the Commission on September 4, 2002).


                                       52
<PAGE>
EXHIBIT
 NUMBER                             DESCRIPTION
-------     --------------------------------------------------------------------

  10.85    Form of Warrant to be issued to ZLP Master Fund, Ltd. pursuant to
           Securities Purchase Agreement dated August 9, 2002 (Incorporated by
           reference to Exhibit 10.85 to Registrant's Registration Statement on
           Form S-3 (File No. 333-99157), as filed with the Commission on
           September 4, 2002).

  10.86    Form of Adjustment Warrant issued to ZLP Master Fund, Ltd. pursuant
           to Securities Purchase Agreement dated August 9, 2002 (Incorporated
           by reference to Exhibit 10.86 to Registrant's Registration Statement
           on Form S-3 (File No. 333-99157), as filed with the Commission on
           September 4, 2002).

  21       Subsidiaries of Registrant ***

  23.1     Consent of Independent Auditors ***

  99.1     Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C Section 1350, as adopted pursuant
           to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 ***

________________________

  *        This Exhibit is a management contract or a compensation plan or
           arrangement.
  **       Portions omitted pursuant to a request of confidentiality filed
           separately with the Commission.
  ***      Filed herewith.



(b)      Reports on Form 8-K:

         None.







                                       53
<PAGE>

                                   SIGNATURES
                                   ----------

         Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                                           PEREGRINE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.



Dated:  July 22, 2003                      By: /s/ Steven W. King
                                               ---------------------------------
                                               Steven W. King, President and CEO



         Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Signature                                   Capacity                            Date
---------                                   --------                            ----
<S>                                         <C>                                 <C>

/s/ Steven W. King                          President & Chief Executive         July 22, 2003
----------------------------------          Officer (Principal Executive
Steven W. King                              Officer)


/s/ Paul J. Lytle                           Chief Financial Officer             July 22, 2003
----------------------------------          (Principal Financial and
Paul J. Lytle                               Principal Accounting Officer)


/s/ Carlton M. Johnson                      Director                            July 22, 2003
----------------------------------
Carlton M. Johnson


/s/ Edward J. Legere                        Director                            July 22, 2003
----------------------------------
Edward J. Legere


/s/ Eric S. Swartz                          Director                            July 22, 2003
----------------------------------
Eric S. Swartz


/s/ Clive R. Taylor, M.D., Ph.D.            Director                            July 22, 2003
----------------------------------
Clive R. Taylor, M.D., Ph.D.

</TABLE>



                                       54
<PAGE>


                                 CERTIFICATIONS

Certification required by Section 302(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

I, Steven W. King, President and Chief Executive Officer, certify that:

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Peregrine Pharmaceuticals,
Inc.;

2. Based on my knowledge, this Annual Report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this Annual
Report;

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this Annual Report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this Annual Report;

4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for
establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14) for the registrant and we have:

         a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this Annual Report is being prepared;

         b) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls
and procedures as of a date within 90 days prior to the filing date of this
Annual Report (the "Evaluation Date"); and

         c) presented in this Annual Report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based on our evaluation
as of the Evaluation Date;

5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our
most recent evaluation, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of
registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function):

         a) all significant deficiencies in the design or operation of internal
controls which could adversely affect the registrant's ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial data and have identified for the
registrant's auditors any material weaknesses in internal controls; and

         b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or
other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
controls; and

6. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have indicated in this Annual
Report whether or not there were significant changes in internal controls or in
other factors that could significantly affect internal controls subsequent to
the date of our most recent evaluation, including any corrective actions with
regard to significant deficiencies and material weaknesses.


Dated: July 22, 2003               Signed: /s/ STEVEN W. KING
                                           -------------------------------------
                                           Steven W. King
                                           PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER


                                       55
<PAGE>


                                 CERTIFICATIONS

Certification required by Section 302(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

I, Paul J. Lytle, Chief Financial Officer, certify that:

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Peregrine Pharmaceuticals,
Inc.;

2. Based on my knowledge, this Annual Report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this Annual
Report;

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this Annual Report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this Annual Report;

4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for
establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14) for the registrant and we have:

         a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this Annual Report is being prepared;

         b) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls
and procedures as of a date within 90 days prior to the filing date of this
Annual Report (the "Evaluation Date"); and

         c) presented in this Annual Report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based on our evaluation
as of the Evaluation Date;

5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our
most recent evaluation, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of
registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function):

         a) all significant deficiencies in the design or operation of internal
controls which could adversely affect the registrant's ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial data and have identified for the
registrant's auditors any material weaknesses in internal controls; and

         b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or
other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
controls; and

6. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have indicated in this Annual
Report whether or not there were significant changes in internal controls or in
other factors that could significantly affect internal controls subsequent to
the date of our most recent evaluation, including any corrective actions with
regard to significant deficiencies and material weaknesses.


Dated: July 22, 2003                    Signed: /s/ PAUL J. LYTLE
                                                --------------------------------
                                                Paul J. Lytle
                                                CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER



                                       56
<PAGE>


REPORT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS



The Board of Directors and Stockholders
Peregrine Pharmaceuticals, Inc.


We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Peregrine
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Company) as of April 30, 2003 and 2002, and the
related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders' equity (deficit),
and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended April 30, 2003.
Our audits also included the financial statement schedule listed in the Index at
Item 15(a). These consolidated financial statements and schedule are the
responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on these consolidated financial statements and schedule based on our
audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted
in the United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free
of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements.
An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis
for our opinion.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present
fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of
Peregrine Pharmaceuticals, Inc. at April 30, 2003 and 2002, and the consolidated
results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the
period ended April 30, 2003, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States. Also, in our opinion, the related financial
statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated
financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly in all material respects
the information set forth therein.

As described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company's
recurring losses from operations and recurring negative cash flows from
operating activities raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a
going concern. Management's plans as to these matters are also described in Note
1. The 2003 consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.



                                             /s/ ERNST & YOUNG LLP


Orange County, California
June 20, 2003,
except for Notes 8, 10, and 17, as to which the date is
July 2, 2003



                                      F-1
<PAGE>
<TABLE>

PEREGRINE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
AS OF APRIL 30, 2003 AND 2002
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<CAPTION>

                                                                2003            2002
                                                             ------------   ------------
<S>                                                          <C>            <C>
ASSETS

CURRENT ASSETS:
Cash and cash equivalents                                    $ 3,137,000    $ 6,072,000
Trade and other receivables, net of allowance for doubtful
   accounts of $59,000 (2003) and $80,000 (2002)                 245,000        328,000
Short-term investments                                           242,000             --
Inventories                                                      376,000          6,000
Prepaid expenses and other current assets                        257,000        384,000
                                                             ------------   ------------
       Total current assets                                    4,257,000      6,790,000

PROPERTY:
Leasehold improvements                                           291,000        267,000
Laboratory equipment                                           1,936,000      1,803,000
Furniture, fixtures and computer equipment                       724,000        698,000
                                                             ------------   ------------
                                                               2,951,000      2,768,000
Less accumulated depreciation and amortization                (2,115,000)    (1,853,000)
                                                             ------------   ------------
       Property, net                                             836,000        915,000

OTHER ASSETS:
Note receivable, net of allowance of
   $1,645,000 (2003) and $1,705,000 (2002)                            --             --
Debt issuance costs, net                                         176,000             --
Other                                                            130,000        161,000
                                                             ------------   ------------
       Total other assets                                        306,000        161,000
                                                             ------------   ------------

TOTAL ASSETS                                                 $ 5,399,000    $ 7,866,000
                                                             ============   ============



                                          F-2
</TABLE>

<PAGE>
<TABLE>

PEREGRINE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
AS OF APRIL 30, 2003 AND 2002 (CONTINUED)
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<CAPTION>

                                                                   2003              2002
                                                               --------------   --------------
<S>                                                            <C>              <C>
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

CURRENT LIABILITIES:
Accounts payable                                               $     560,000    $   1,070,000
Accrued clinical trial site fees                                     260,000          607,000
Accrued legal and accounting fees                                    194,000          303,000
Accrued royalties and license fees                                   149,000          189,000
Accrued payroll and related costs                                    314,000          374,000
Notes payable, current portion                                            --            2,000
Other current liabilities                                            300,000          208,000
Deferred revenue                                                     531,000           30,000
                                                               --------------   --------------
       Total current liabilities                                   2,308,000        2,783,000

CONVERTIBLE DEBT, net of discount                                    760,000               --
DEFERRED LICENSE REVENUE                                             200,000               --
COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY:
Common stock-$.001 par value; authorized 175,000,000 shares;
    outstanding 2003 - 119,600,501;  2002 - 110,275,209              120,000          110,000
Additional paid-in-capital                                       142,274,000      134,221,000
Deferred stock compensation                                         (257,000)        (801,000)
Accumulated deficit                                             (140,006,000)    (128,447,000)
                                                               --------------   --------------
       Total stockholders' equity                                  2,131,000        5,083,000
                                                               --------------   --------------

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY                     $   5,399,000    $   7,866,000
                                                               ==============   ==============






                 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

                                             F-3
</TABLE>

<PAGE>
<TABLE>

PEREGRINE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
FOR EACH OF THE THREE YEARS IN THE PERIOD ENDED APRIL 30, 2003
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<CAPTION>

                                                      2003            2002              2001
                                                 --------------   --------------   --------------
<S>                                              <C>              <C>              <C>
REVENUES:
Contract manufacturing revenue                   $   3,346,000    $      46,000    $          --
License revenue                                        575,000        3,720,000          979,000
                                                 --------------   --------------   --------------
Total revenues                                       3,921,000        3,766,000          979,000

COSTS AND EXPENSES:
Cost of contract manufacturing                       2,860,000           12,000               --
Research and development                             8,744,000       11,494,000        7,749,000
Selling, general and administrative                  2,987,000        2,478,000        3,443,000
Purchased in-process research and development               --        2,000,000               --
                                                 --------------   --------------   --------------
Total costs and expenses                            14,591,000       15,984,000       11,192,000
                                                 --------------   --------------   --------------
LOSS FROM OPERATIONS                               (10,670,000)     (12,218,000)     (10,213,000)

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE):
Interest and other income                              291,000          512,000          921,000
Interest and other expense                          (1,180,000)         (12,000)        (243,000)
                                                 --------------   --------------   --------------
NET LOSS                                         $ (11,559,000)   $ (11,718,000)   $  (9,535,000)
                                                 ==============   ==============   ==============

WEIGHTED AVERAGE SHARES
   OUTSTANDING                                     116,468,353      104,540,204       95,212,423
                                                 ==============   ==============   ==============
BASIC AND DILUTED LOSS PER
   COMMON SHARE                                  $       (0.10)   $       (0.11)   $       (0.10)
                                                 ==============   ==============   ==============





                   See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

                                               F-4
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>

PEREGRINE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT)
FOR EACH OF THE THREE YEARS IN THE PERIOD ENDED APRIL 30, 2003
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                                          TOTAL
                                                                     ADDITIONAL        DEFERRED                       STOCKHOLDERS'
                                           COMMON STOCK               PAID-IN           STOCK         ACCUMULATED         EQUITY
                                      SHARES           AMOUNT         CAPITAL        COMPENSATION       DEFICIT          (DEFICIT)
                                  --------------   --------------  --------------   --------------   --------------   --------------
<S>                                  <C>           <C>             <C>              <C>              <C>              <C>
BALANCES, MAY 1, 2000                90,612,610    $      91,000   $ 106,640,000    $  (2,258,000)   $(107,194,000)   $  (2,721,000)
                                  --------------   --------------  --------------   --------------   --------------   --------------

Common stock issued for
  cash under Equity Line,
  net of cash offering
  costs of $728,000 .............     5,212,564            5,000       9,368,000               --               --        9,373,000
Common stock issued upon
  conversion of Equity
  Line warrants .................         9,801               --              --               --               --               --
Common stock issued for
  cash upon exercise of
  options and warrants ..........       200,278               --          88,000               --               --           88,000
Common stock issued to
  Oxigene, Inc. for cash
  under joint venture ...........       585,009            1,000       1,999,000               --               --        2,000,000
Common stock issued to
  Schering A.G. for
  obligations under the
  license agreement
  amendment .....................       518,672               --       1,300,000               --               --        1,300,000
Common stock issued for
  cash to SuperGen, Inc.
  under license agreement .......       150,000               --         600,000               --               --          600,000
Deferred stock compensation .....            --               --         258,000         (258,000)              --               --
Stock-based compensation ........            --               --              --        1,581,000               --        1,581,000
Net loss ........................            --               --              --               --       (9,535,000)      (9,535,000)
                                  --------------   --------------  --------------   --------------   --------------   --------------
BALANCES, APRIL 30, 2001             97,288,934           97,000     120,253,000         (935,000)    (116,729,000)       2,686,000
                                  --------------   --------------  --------------   --------------   --------------   --------------

Common stock issued for
  cash under Equity Line,
  net of cash offering
  costs of $478,000 .............     5,039,203            5,000       5,031,000               --               --        5,036,000
Common stock issued for
  cash upon exercise of
  options and warrants ..........       847,072            1,000         468,000               --               --          469,000
Common stock issued for
  cash under Shelf File
  No. 333-71086, net of cash
  offering costs of $87,000 .....     7,100,000            7,000       7,856,000               --               --        7,863,000
Deferred stock compensation .....            --               --         613,000         (613,000)              --               --
Stock-based compensation ........            --               --              --          747,000               --          747,000
Net loss ........................            --               --              --               --      (11,718,000)     (11,718,000)
                                  --------------   --------------  --------------   --------------   --------------   --------------
BALANCES, APRIL 30, 2002            110,275,209          110,000     134,221,000         (801,000)    (128,447,000)       5,083,000
                                  --------------   --------------  --------------   --------------   --------------   --------------

Common stock issued for
  cash under Securities
  Purchase Agreement, net
  of issuance costs of $341,000 .     5,221,540            5,000       2,858,000               --               --        2,863,000
Common stock issued for
  cash under Shelf File No.
  333-71086, net of issuance
  costs of $190,000 .............     2,900,000            3,000       1,853,000               --               --        1,856,000
Common stock issued upon
  conversion of convertible
  debt, net of issuance
  cost of $17,000 ...............     1,594,119            2,000       1,336,000               --               --        1,338,000
Common stock issued for
  cash upon exercise of
  options .......................       109,633               --          38,000               --               --           38,000
Rescind prior sale of
  common stock to related
  party .........................      (500,000)              --        (500,000)              --               --         (500,000)
Intrinsic value of
  embedded conversion
  feature related to
  convertible debt ..............            --               --       1,143,000               --               --        1,143,000
Fair market value of
  detachable warrants
  issued with convertible debt ..            --               --       1,321,000               --               --        1,321,000
Deferred stock compensation .....            --               --           4,000           (4,000)              --               --
Stock-based compensation ........            --               --              --          548,000               --          548,000
Net loss ........................            --               --              --               --      (11,559,000)     (11,559,000)
                                  --------------   --------------  --------------   --------------   --------------   --------------
BALANCES, APRIL 30, 2003            119,600,501    $     120,000   $ 142,274,000    $    (257,000)   $(140,006,000)   $   2,131,000
                                  ==============   ==============  ==============   ==============   ==============   ==============


                                    See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

                                                                F-5
</TABLE>

<PAGE>
<TABLE>

PEREGRINE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
FOR EACH OF THE THREE YEARS IN THE PERIOD ENDED APRIL 30, 2003
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<CAPTION>

                                                                  2003            2002             2001
                                                              -------------   -------------   -------------
<S>                                                           <C>             <C>             <C>
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:
Net loss                                                      $(11,559,000)   $(11,718,000)   $ (9,535,000)
Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in
  operating activities:
   Allowance for bad debts                                              --          25,000              --
   Depreciation                                                    364,000         424,000         412,000
   (Gain) loss on disposal of property                                  --         (73,000)          9,000
  Stock-based compensation expense and common stock issued
    for services                                                   548,000         747,000       2,881,000
  Amortization of discount on convertible debt and debt
   issuance costs                                                1,017,000              --              --
Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
  Trade and other receivables                                       83,000        (307,000)         44,000
  Short-term investments                                          (242,000)             --              --
  Inventories                                                     (370,000)         (6,000)             --
  Prepaid expenses and other current assets                        127,000        (100,000)          4,000
  Accounts payable                                                (510,000)        394,000         153,000
  Accrued clinical trial site fees                                (347,000)        339,000         (12,000)
  Deferred revenue                                                 701,000      (3,491,000)         21,000
  Other accrued expenses and current liabilities                  (117,000)        413,000        (211,000)
                                                              -------------   -------------   -------------
     Net cash used in operating activities                     (10,305,000)    (13,353,000)     (6,234,000)

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:
Proceeds from sale of property                                      11,000         131,000           2,000
Property acquisitions                                             (184,000)       (280,000)       (242,000)
(Increase) decrease in other assets                                     --         (35,000)         20,000
                                                              -------------   -------------   -------------
     Net cash used in investing activities                        (173,000)       (184,000)       (220,000)

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net of  issuance
  costs of $548,000                                              4,740,000      13,368,000      12,061,000
Rescind prior sale of common stock to related party               (500,000)             --              --
Proceeds from issuance of convertible debt, net of issuance
  costs of $363,000                                              3,387,000              --              --
Principal payments on notes payable                                (84,000)        (86,000)     (3,411,000)
                                                              -------------   -------------   -------------
     Net cash provided by financing activities                   7,543,000      13,282,000       8,650,000
                                                              -------------   -------------   -------------




                                                    F-6
</TABLE>

<PAGE>
<TABLE>


PEREGRINE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
FOR EACH OF THE THREE YEARS IN THE PERIOD ENDED APRIL 30, 2003 (CONTINUED)
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<CAPTION>

                                                               2003           2002           2001
                                                           ------------   ------------   ------------
<S>                                                        <C>            <C>            <C>
NET (DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS       $(2,935,000)   $  (255,000)   $ 2,196,000

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS,
   Beginning of year                                         6,072,000      6,327,000      4,131,000
                                                           ------------   ------------   ------------

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS,
   End of year                                             $ 3,137,000    $ 6,072,000    $ 6,327,000
                                                           ============   ============   ============

SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION:
    Interest paid                                          $   104,000    $     5,000    $   399,000
                                                           ============   ============   ============

SCHEDULE OF NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES:

  Property acquired in exchange for note payable           $    82,000    $        --    $        --
                                                           ============   ============   ============
  Transfer of assets held for sale to property             $        --    $        --    $   428,000
                                                           ============   ============   ============

         For supplemental information relating to conversion of convertible debentures into common
stock, common stock issued in exchange for services, provision for note receivable, and property
acquired in exchange for note payable, see Notes 4, 6, 8 and 9.







                     See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

                                                 F-7
</TABLE>


<PAGE>

PEREGRINE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR EACH OF THE THREE YEARS IN THE PERIOD ENDED APRIL 30, 2003
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


1. ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS DESCRIPTION

        ORGANIZATION - Peregrine Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ("Peregrine" or "the
Company") was incorporated in the state of Delaware on September 25, 1996. The
Company was originally incorporated in California in June 1981 under the name
Techniclone International Corporation and was subsequently merged into
Techniclone Corporation in March 1997. The Company changed its name to Peregrine
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. in October 2000 from Techniclone Corporation. In
conjunction with the Company's name change to Peregrine Pharmaceuticals, Inc.,
the Company changed the name of its wholly-owned subsidiary to Vascular
Targeting Technologies, Inc. (formally known as Peregrine Pharmaceuticals,
Inc.), acquired in April 1997. In January 2002, the Company announced the
formation of a wholly-owned subsidiary, Avid Bioservices, Inc. ("Avid"), for the
purpose of providing contract manufacturing services for biopharmaceutical and
biotechnology businesses, including the manufacture of biologics under current
Good Manufacturing Practices, cell culture, process development, and testing of
biologics.

        BUSINESS DESCRIPTION - Peregrine, located in Tustin, California, is a
biopharmaceutical company engaged in the development and commercialization of
cancer therapeutics and cancer diagnostics through a series of proprietary
platform technologies using monoclonal antibodies. Peregrine's main focus is the
development of its Collateral Targeting Agent technologies. Collateral Targeting
Agents use antibodies that bind to or target stable structures found in all
solid tumors, such as the necrotic core of the tumor or blood vessels found in
all solid tumors. In pre-clinical and clinical studies, these antibodies are
capable of targeting and delivering therapeutic killing agents to the tumor
thereby destroying cancerous tumor cells. In addition, the Company has a direct
tumor targeting antibody, Oncolym(R), which recognizes and binds to cancerous
lymphoma tumor sites. The Company is currently seeking a licensing partner for
most of its technologies under development.

         The Company currently operates in two business segments. Peregrine is
engaged in the development and commercialization of cancer therapeutics and
cancer diagnostics through a series of proprietary platform technologies using
monoclonal antibodies. Avid is engaged in providing contract manufacturing of
antibodies to biopharmaceutical and biotechnology businesses, including the
manufacture of antibodies for Peregrine's platform technologies.

         As of June 30, 2003, the Company had approximately $7.8 million in cash
and cash equivalents on hand. The Company has expended substantial funds on the
development of its product candidates and for clinical trials and it has
incurred negative cash flows from operations for the majority of its years since
inception. The Company expects negative cash flows from operations to continue
until it is able to generate sufficient revenue from the contract manufacturing
services provided by Avid and/or from the sale and/or licensing of its products
under development.


                                      F-8
<PAGE>

PEREGRINE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR EACH OF THE THREE YEARS IN THE PERIOD ENDED APRIL 30, 2003 (continued)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

         Revenues earned by Avid during fiscal years ended April 30, 2003 and
2002 amounted to $3,346,000 and $46,000, respectively. The Company expects that
Avid will continue to generate revenues which should lower consolidated cash
flows used in operations, although the Company expects those near term revenues
will be insufficient to cover consolidated cash flows used in operations. As
such, the Company will continue to need to raise additional capital to provide
for its operations, including the anticipated development and clinical trial
costs of Cotara(TM), the anticipated development costs associated with
Vasopermeation Enhancement Agents ("VEA's") and Vascular Targeting Agents
("VTA's"), and the potential expansion of the Company's manufacturing
capabilities.

         Assuming the Company does not raise any additional capital from
financing activities or from the sale or licensing of its technologies, and
further assuming that Avid does not generate any additional revenues beyond its
current active contracts, the Company believes it has sufficient cash on hand to
meet its obligations on a timely basis through at least the third quarter of its
fiscal year 2004.

         In addition to equity financing, the Company is actively exploring
various other sources of cash by leveraging its many assets. The transactions
being explored by the Company for its technologies include licensing, partnering
or the sale of Cotara(TM) and Oncolym(R), divesting all radiopharmaceutical
based technologies, including Oncolym(R), Cotara(TM), and radiopharmaceutical
uses of VTA's, and licensing or partnering the Company's various VEA and VTA
based technology uses.

         In addition to licensing, partnering or the divestiture of the
Company's technologies to raise capital, the Company is also exploring a
possible strategic transaction related to its subsidiary, Avid Bioservices, Inc.
In this regard, the Company has begun to explore the possibility to partner or a
complete sale of Avid as a means of raising additional capital. The Company has
not classified the related assets as held for sale in accordance with Statement
of Financial Accounting Standards No. 144 ("SFAS No. 144"), ACCOUNTING FOR THE
IMPAIRMENT OR DISPOSAL OF LONG-LIVED ASSETS, since the Company is strictly
exploring the possibility of a partnering or sale arrangement and the partnering
or sale of the asset is not currently probable under Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 5 ("SFAS No. 5"), ACCOUNTING FOR CONTINGENCIES. In
addition, the remaining actions to complete the possible partnering or sale
arrangement may significantly change based on the Company's recent infusion of
capital as discussed in Note 10.

         There can be no assurances that the Company will be successful in
raising sufficient capital on terms acceptable to it, or at all (from either
debt, equity or the licensing, partnering or sale of technology assets and/or
the sale of all or a portion of Avid), or that sufficient additional revenues
will be generated from Avid or under potential licensing agreements to complete
the research, development, and clinical testing of our product candidates. These
conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a
going concern. The accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include
any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and
classification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities that
may result from the outcome of this uncertainty.


2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

         BASIS OF PRESENTATION - The accompanying consolidated financial
statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned
subsidiaries, Avid Bioservices, Inc. and Vascular Targeting Technologies, Inc.
All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated.


                                      F-9
<PAGE>
PEREGRINE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR EACH OF THE THREE YEARS IN THE PERIOD ENDED APRIL 30, 2003 (continued)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

         CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS - The Company considers all highly liquid,
short-term investments with an initial maturity of three months or less to be
cash equivalents.

         SHORT-TERM INVESTMENTS - The Company classifies its short-term
investments as trading securities under the requirements of Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards No. 115 ("SFAS No. 115"), ACCOUNTING FOR CERTAIN
INVESTMENTS IN DEBT AND EQUITY SECURITIES. SFAS No. 115 considers trading
securities as securities that are bought with the intention of being sold in the
near term for the general purpose of realizing profits. Trading securities are
recorded at fair market value and unrealized holding gains and losses on trading
securities are included in other income in the accompanying consolidated
financial statements.

         INVENTORIES - Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market and
primarily includes raw materials, direct labor and overhead costs associated
with our wholly-owned subsidiary, Avid. Inventories consist of the following at
April 30, 2003 and April 30, 2002:

                                                2003            2002
                                            ------------    ------------
             Raw materials                  $   205,000     $        --
             Work in process                    171,000           6,000
                                            ------------    ------------

             Total Inventories              $   376,000     $     6,000
                                            ============    ============

         CONCENTRATIONS OF CREDIT RISK - The majority of trade and other
receivables are from customers in the United States and Europe. Most contracts
require up-front payments and progress payments as the project progresses. The
Company performs periodic credit evaluations of its ongoing customers and
generally does not require collateral, but can terminate the contract if a
material default occurs. Reserves are maintained for potential credit losses,
and such losses have been minimal and within management's estimates.

         PROPERTY - Property is recorded at cost. Depreciation and amortization
are computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of
the related asset, generally ranging from three to seven years. Amortization of
leasehold improvements is calculated using the straight-line method over the
shorter of the estimated useful life of the asset or the remaining lease term.

         IMPAIRMENT - The Company assesses recoverability of its long-term
assets by comparing the remaining carrying value to the value of the underlying
collateral or the fair market value of the related long-term asset based on
undiscounted cash flows.

         DEFERRED REVENUE - Deferred revenue primarily consists of up-front
contract fees received in advance under contract manufacturing and development
agreements and up-front license fees received under technology licensing
agreements. Deferred revenue is generally recognized once the service has been
provided, all obligations have been met and/or upon shipment of the product to
the customer.

         REVENUE RECOGNITION - The Company currently derives revenues primarily
from licensing agreements associated with Peregrine's technologies under
development and from contract manufacturing services provided by Avid.

                                      F-10
<PAGE>
PEREGRINE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR EACH OF THE THREE YEARS IN THE PERIOD ENDED APRIL 30, 2003 (continued)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


         The Company recognizes revenues pursuant to Staff Accounting Bulletin
No. 101 ("SAB No. 101"), REVENUE RECOGNITION IN FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. The
bulletin draws on existing accounting rules and provides specific guidance on
how those accounting rules should be applied. Revenue is generally realized or
realizable and earned when (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists,
(ii) delivery has occurred or services have been rendered, (iii) the seller's
price to the buyer is fixed or determinable, and (iv) collectibility is
reasonably assured.

         Revenues associated with licensing agreements primarily consist of
nonrefundable up-front license fees and milestones payments. Revenues under
licensing agreements are recognized based on the performance requirements of the
agreement. Nonrefundable up-front license fees received under license
agreements, whereby continued performance or future obligations are considered
inconsequential to the relevant licensed technology, are generally recognized as
revenue upon delivery of the technology. Milestone payments are generally
recognized as revenue upon completion of the milestone assuming there are no
other continuing obligations. Nonrefundable up-front license fees, whereby we
have an ongoing involvement or performance obligation, are generally recorded as
deferred revenue and generally recognized as revenue over the term of the
performance obligation or relevant agreement. Under some license agreements, the
obligation period may not be contractually defined. Under these circumstances,
we must exercise judgment in estimating the period of time over which certain
deliverables will be provided to enable the licensee to practice the license.

         Contract manufacturing revenues are generally recognized once the
service has been provided and/or upon shipment of the product to the customer.
The Company also records a provision for estimated contract losses, if any, in
the period in which they are determined.

         In July 2000, the Emerging Issues Task Force ("EITF") released Issue
99-19 ("EITF 99-19"), REPORTING REVENUE GROSS AS A PRINCIPAL VERSUS NET AS AN
AGENT. EITF 99-19 summarized the EITF's views on when revenue should be recorded
at the gross amount billed to a customer because it has earned revenue from the
sale of goods or services, or the net amount retained (the amount billed to the
customer less the amount paid to a supplier) because it has earned a fee or
commission. In addition, the EITF released Issue 00-10 ("EITF 00-10"),
ACCOUNTING FOR SHIPPING AND HANDLING FEES AND COSTS, and Issue 01-14 ("EITF
01-14"), INCOME STATEMENT CHARACTERIZATION OF REIMBURSEMENTS RECEIVED FOR
"OUT-OF-POCKET" EXPENSES INCURRED. EITF 00-10 summarized the EITF's views on how
the seller of goods should classify in the income statement amounts billed to a
customer for shipping and handling and the costs associated with shipping and
handling. EITF 01-14 summarized the EITF's views on when the reimbursement of
out-of-pocket expenses should be characterized as revenue or as a reduction of
expenses incurred. The Company's revenue recognition policies are in compliance
with EITF 99-19, EITF 00-10 and EITF 01-14 whereby the Company records revenue
for the gross amount billed to customers (the cost of raw materials, supplies,
and shipping, plus the related handling mark-up fee) and records the cost of the
amounts billed as cost of sales as the Company acts as a principal in these
transactions.

         FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS - The Company's financial
instruments consist principally of cash and cash equivalents, receivables,
short-term investments, inventories, accounts payable, accrued liabilities, and
borrowings. The Company believes all of the financial instruments' recorded
values approximate current values.

         USE OF ESTIMATES - The preparation of financial statements in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts
reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual
results could differ from these estimates.

                                      F-11
<PAGE>
PEREGRINE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR EACH OF THE THREE YEARS IN THE PERIOD ENDED APRIL 30, 2003 (continued)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

         BASIC AND DILUTIVE NET LOSS PER COMMON SHARE - Basic and dilutive net
loss per common share is calculated in accordance with Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 128, EARNINGS PER SHARE. Basic net loss per common
share is computed by dividing the net loss by the weighted average number of
common shares outstanding during the period and excludes the dilutive effects of
options, warrants and convertible instruments. Diluted net loss per common share
is computed by dividing the net loss by the sum of the weighted average number
of common shares outstanding during the period plus the potential dilutive
effects of options, warrants, and convertible debt outstanding during the
period. Potentially dilutive common shares consist of stock options and warrants
calculated in accordance with the treasury stock method, but are excluded if
their effect is antidilutive. The potential dilutive effect of convertible debt
was calculated using the if-converted method assuming the conversion of the
convertible debt as of the earliest period reported or at the date of issuance,
if later. Because the impact of options, warrants, and other convertible
instruments are antidilutive, there is no difference between basic and diluted
loss per share amounts for the three years ended April 30, 2003. The Company has
excluded the dilutive effect of the following shares issuable upon the exercise
of options, warrants, and convertible debt outstanding during the period because
their effect is antidilutive:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                              2003            2002            2001
                                          -------------   -------------   -------------
<S>                                       <C>             <C>             <C>
         Common stock equivalent shares
          assuming issuance of shares
          represented by outstanding
          stock options and warrants
          utilizing the treasury
          stock method                       4,354,442       7,141,459       6,655,325

         Common stock equivalent shares
          assuming issuance of shares
          upon conversion of convertible
          debt utilizing the if-converted
          method                                    --              --              --
                                          -------------   -------------   -------------
         Total                               4,354,442       7,141,459       6,655,325
                                          =============   =============   =============
</TABLE>

         Weighted outstanding options and warrants to purchase up to 13,845,742,
6,160,275 and 6,045,557 shares of common stock for the fiscal years ended April
30, 2003, 2002 and 2001, respectively, were also excluded from the calculation
of diluted earnings per common share because their exercise prices were greater
than the average market price during the period. In addition, weighted average
shares of 2,581,547, assuming issuance of shares upon conversion of convertible
debt for fiscal year 2003, were also excluded from the calculation of diluted
earnings per common share because the conversion price was greater than the
average market price during the period.

         During June 2003, the Company entered into two financing transactions
(Note 10), whereby the Company issued approximately 4,012,000 shares of common
stock and issued warrants to purchase up to approximately 150,000 shares of
common stock, which numbers have been excluded from basic and dilutive net loss
per common share for the year ended April 30, 2003.

         INCOME TAXES - The Company utilizes the liability method of accounting
for income taxes as set forth in Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No.
109, ACCOUNTING FOR INCOME TAXES. Under the liability method, deferred taxes are
determined based on the differences between the consolidated financial
statements and tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates. A
valuation allowance is provided when it is more likely than not that some
portion or the entire deferred tax asset will not be realized.

                                      F-12
<PAGE>
PEREGRINE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR EACH OF THE THREE YEARS IN THE PERIOD ENDED APRIL 30, 2003 (continued)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

         RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT - Research and development costs are charged
to expense when incurred in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards No. 2, ACCOUNTING FOR RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT COSTS. Research and
development expenses primarily include (i) payroll and related costs associated
with research and development personnel, (ii) costs related to clinical and
pre-clinical testing of the Company's technologies under development, (iii) the
costs to manufacture the product candidates, including raw materials and
supplies (iv) expenses for research and services rendered under outside
contracts, including sponsored research funding, and (v) facilities expenses.

         STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION - The Company applies the provisions of
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123 ("SFAS No. 123"), ACCOUNTING
FOR STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION. As SFAS No. 123 permits, the Company elected to
continue accounting for its employee stock options in accordance with Accounting
Principles Board Opinion No. 25 ("APB No. 25"), ACCOUNTING FOR STOCK ISSUED TO
EMPLOYEES and related interpretations. APB No. 25 requires compensation expense
to be recognized for stock options when the market price of the underlying stock
exceeds the exercise price of the stock option on the date of the grant.

         The Company utilizes the guidelines in APB No. 25 for measurement of
stock-based transactions for employees and, accordingly no compensation expense
has been recognized for the options in the accompanying consolidated financial
statements for the three years ended April 30, 2003. Had the Company used a fair
value model for measurement of stock-based transactions for employees under SFAS
No. 123 and amortized the expense over the vesting period, pro forma information
would be as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                      2003                      2002                     2001
                                              ---------------------     ---------------------    ---------------------
<S>                                              <C>                       <C>                     <C>
Net loss, as reported                            $  (11,559,000)           $  (11,718,000)         $    (9,535,000)
Stock-based employee compensation cost that
    would have been included in the
    determination of net loss if the fair
    value based method had been applied to
    all awards                                       (2,003,000)               (1,883,000)                (991,000)
                                              ---------------------     ---------------------    ---------------------
Pro forma net loss as if the fair value
    based method had been applied to all
    awards                                      $   (13,562,000)           $  (13,601,000)          $  (10,526,000)
                                              =====================     =====================    =====================

Basic and diluted net loss per share, as
    reported                                    $         (0.10)           $        (0.11)          $        (0.10)
                                              =====================     =====================    =====================

Basic and diluted net loss per share, pro
    forma                                       $         (0.12)           $        (0.13)          $        (0.11)
                                              =====================     =====================    =====================
</TABLE>

         The fair value of the options granted in fiscal years 2003, 2002 and
2001 were estimated at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing
model, assuming an average expected life of approximately four years, a
risk-free interest rate ranging from 2.31% to 6.39% and a volatility factor
ranging from 117% to 172%. The Black-Scholes option valuation model was
developed for use in estimating the fair value of traded options that have no
vesting restrictions and are fully transferable. Option valuation models require
the input of highly subjective assumptions, including the expected stock
volatility. Because the Company's options have characteristics significantly
different from those of traded options and because changes in the subjective
input assumptions can materially affect the fair values estimated, in the
opinion of management, the existing models do not necessarily provide a reliable
measure of the fair value of its options. The weighted average estimated fair
value for employee stock options granted during fiscal years 2003, 2002, and
2001 was $0.64, $1.53, and $2.23, respectively.


                                      F-13
<PAGE>
PEREGRINE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR EACH OF THE THREE YEARS IN THE PERIOD ENDED APRIL 30, 2003 (continued)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

         Stock-based compensation expense recorded during each of the three
years in the periods ended April 30, 2003 primarily relates to stock option
grants made to consultants and has been measured utilizing the Black-Scholes
option valuation model. Stock-based compensation expense recorded during fiscal
years 2003, 2002 and 2001 amounted to $548,000, $747,000, and $1,581,000,
respectively, and is being amortized over the estimated period of service or
related vesting period.

         RECLASSIFICATION - Certain amounts in fiscal years 2002 and 2001
consolidated financial statements have been reclassified to conform to the
current year presentation.

         RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS - In June 2001, the Financial
Accounting Standards Board (the "FASB") issued Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards No. 141 ("SFAS No. 141"), BUSINESS COMBINATIONS and No. 142 ("SFAS No.
142"), GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS. These standards change the
accounting for business combinations by, among other things, prohibiting the
prospective use of pooling-of-interests accounting and requiring companies to
stop amortizing goodwill and certain intangible assets with an indefinite useful
life created by business combinations accounted for using the purchase method of
accounting. Instead, goodwill and intangible assets deemed to have an indefinite
useful life will be subject to an annual review for impairment. The Company
adopted SFAS No. 141 and SFAS No. 142 on May 1, 2002, which had no impact on the
Company's consolidated financial position and results of operations.

         In August 2001, the FASB issued Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards No. 143 ("SFAS No. 143"), ASSET RETIREMENT OBLIGATIONS. SFAS No. 143
requires entities to record the fair value of a liability for an asset
retirement obligation in the period in which it is incurred. When the liability
is initially recorded, the entity capitalizes the cost by increasing the
carrying amount of the related long-lived asset. Over time, the liability is
accreted to its present value each period, and the capitalized cost is
depreciated over the useful life of the related asset. Upon settlement of the
liability, an entity either settles the obligation for its recorded amount or
incurs a gain or loss upon settlement. The standard is effective for fiscal
years beginning after June 15, 2002. The Company believes that adopting SFAS No.
143 will not have a material impact on its consolidated financial position and
results of operations.

         In October 2001, the FASB issued Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards No. 144 ("SFAS No. 144"), ACCOUNTING FOR THE IMPAIRMENT OR DISPOSAL OF
LONG-LIVED ASSETS. SFAS No. 144 replaces SFAS No. 121 ("SFAS No. 121"),
ACCOUNTING FOR THE IMPAIRMENT OF LONG-LIVED ASSETS AND FOR LONG-LIVED ASSETS TO
BE DISPOSED OF. The primary objectives of SFAS No. 144 were to develop one
accounting model, based on the framework established in SFAS No. 121, for
long-lived assets to be disposed of by sale and to address significant
implementation issues. SFAS No. 144 requires that all long-lived assets,
including discontinued operations, be measured at the lower of carrying amount
or fair value less cost to sell, whether reported in continuing operations or in
discontinued operations. The Company adopted SFAS No. 144 on May 1, 2002, which
had no impact on the Company's consolidated financial position and results of
operations.

         In June 2002, the FASB issued Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards No. 146 ("SFAS No. 146"), ACCOUNTING FOR COSTS ASSOCIATED WITH EXIT OR
DISPOSAL ACTIVITIES, which nullifies Emerging Issues Task Force Issue No. 94-3
("EITF 94-3"), LIABILITY RECOGNITION FOR CERTAIN EMPLOYEE TERMINATION BENEFITS
AND OTHER COSTS TO EXIT AN ACTIVITY (INCLUDING CERTAIN COSTS INCURRED IN A
RESTRUCTURING). SFAS No. 146 requires that a liability for a cost associated
with an exit or disposal activity be recognized when the liability is incurred,
whereas EITF 94-3 had recognized the liability at the commitment date to an exit
plan. SFAS No. 146 is effective for exit or disposal activities initiated after
December 31, 2002. The Company adopted SFAS No. 144 on January 1, 2003, which
had no impact on the Company's consolidated financial position and results of
operations.

                                      F-14
<PAGE>
PEREGRINE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR EACH OF THE THREE YEARS IN THE PERIOD ENDED APRIL 30, 2003 (continued)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

         In December 2002, the FASB issued Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards No. 148 ("SFAS No. 148"), ACCOUNTING FOR STOCK-BASED
COMPENSATION-TRANSITION AND DISCLOSURE. SFAS No. 148 amends SFAS No. 123 ("SFAS
No. 123"), ACCOUNTING FOR STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION, and is effective for fiscal
years ending after December 15, 2002. SFAS No. 148 provides alternative methods
of transition for a voluntary change to the fair value based method of
accounting for stock-based employee compensation. In addition, SFAS No. 148
amends the disclosure requirements of SFAS No. 123 to require prominent
disclosures in both annual and interim financial statements about the method of
accounting for stock-based employee compensation and the effect of the method
used on reported results. The Company adopted the transition guidance and annual
disclosure provisions of SFAS No. 148 on February 1, 2003, which had no material
impact on the Company's consolidated financial position and results of
operations.

         In January 2003, the FASB issued Interpretation No. 46 ("FIN No. 46"),
CONSOLIDATION OF VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES, an Interpretation of Accounting
Principles Board No. 50. FIN No. 46 requires certain variable interest entities
to be consolidated by the primary beneficiary of the entity if the equity
investors in the entity do not have the characteristics of a controlling
financial interest or do not have sufficient equity at risk for the entity to
finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support from
other parties. FIN No. 46 is effective for all new variable interest entities
created or acquired after January 31, 2003. For variable interest entities
created or acquired prior to February 1, 2003, the provisions of FIN No. 46 must
be applied for the first interim or annual period beginning after June 15, 2003.
The adoption of FIN 46 is not expected to have a material impact on the
Company's consolidated financial position and results of operations.

         In May 2003, the FASB issued Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards No. 150, ("SFAS No. 150"), ACCOUNTING FOR CERTAIN FINANCIAL
INSTRUMENTS WITH CHARACTERISTICS OF BOTH LIABILITIES AND EQUITY. SFAS No. 150
establishes standards for how an issuer classifies and measures certain
financial instruments with characteristics of both liabilities and equity. SFAS
No. 150 is effective for financial instruments entered into or modified after
May 31, 2003, and otherwise is effective at the beginning of the first interim
period beginning after June 15, 2003. The Company is currently evaluating the
impact of SFAS No. 150 on its financial position and results of operations.

3. SHORT-TERM INVESTMENTS

         During March 2003, the Company received 61,653 shares of SuperGen, Inc.
common stock under a license agreement dated February 13, 2001 (Note 9). The
Company accounts for its short-term investments at fair value as trading
securities in accordance with SFAS No. 115. Unrealized gains related to the
short-term investments is included in interest and other income in the
accompanying consolidated financial statements. The Company sold no shares of
common stock of SuperGen, Inc. as of April 30, 2003.

         The fair value of the short-term investments consisted of the following
at April 30, 2003:

             SuperGen, Inc. common shares:
               Cost basis                                        $   200,000
               Unrealized gains                                       42,000
                                                             ------------------
               Fair value                                        $   242,000
                                                             ==================

                                      F-15
<PAGE>
PEREGRINE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR EACH OF THE THREE YEARS IN THE PERIOD ENDED APRIL 30, 2003 (continued)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

         During the two months ended June 30, 2003, the Company sold all 61,653
shares of common stock of SuperGen, Inc. for gross proceeds of $271,000.

4. NOTES RECEIVABLE

         During December 1998, the Company completed the sale and subsequent
leaseback of its two facilities (Note 5) and recorded an initial note receivable
from the buyer of $1,925,000. In accordance with the related lease agreement, if
the Company is in default under the lease agreement, including but not limited
to, filing a petition for bankruptcy or failure to pay the basic rent within
five (5) days of being due, the note receivable shall be deemed to be
immediately satisfied in full and the buyer shall have no further obligation to
the Company for such note receivable. Although the Company has made all payments
under the lease agreement and has not filed for protection under the laws of
bankruptcy, during the quarter ended October 31, 1999, the Company did not have
sufficient cash on hand to meet its obligations on a timely basis and was
operating at significantly reduced levels. In addition, at that time, if the
Company could not raise additional cash by December 31, 1999, the Company would
have had to file for protection under the laws of bankruptcy. Due to the
uncertainty of the Company's ability to pay its lease obligations on a timely
basis, the Company established a 100% reserve for the note receivable in the
amount of $1,887,000 as of October 31, 1999. The Company reduces the reserve as
payments are received and records the reduction as interest and other income in
the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. Due to the uncertainty of
the Company's ability to fund its operations beyond the period discussed in Note
1, the carrying value of the note receivable approximates its fair value at
April 30, 2003. The Company has received all payments through July 2003. The
following represents a rollforward of the allowance of the Company's note
receivable for the two years ended April 30, 2003:

                                                    2003            2002
                                              ---------------    ---------------
      Allowance balance, beginning            $   1,760,000        $1,813,000
      Principal payments received                   (55,000)          (53,000)
                                              ---------------    ---------------
      Allowance balance, ending               $   1,705,000        $1,760,000
                                              ===============    ===============

5. PROPERTY

         On December 24, 1998, the Company completed the sale and subsequent
leaseback of its two facilities with an unrelated entity. The aggregate sales
price of the two facilities was $6,100,000, comprised of $4,175,000 in cash and
a note receivable of $1,925,000 (Note 4). In accordance with SFAS No. 98, the
Company accounted for the sale and subsequent leaseback transaction as a sale
and removed the net book value of land, buildings and building improvements of
$7,014,000 from the consolidated financial statements and recorded a loss on
sale of $1,171,000, which included selling expenses of $257,000.

6. NOTES PAYABLE

         During December 1998, the Company borrowed $200,000 from an unrelated
entity. The note, which was unsecured, bore interest at 7.0% per annum and was
payable over the three years. The note was paid in full during December 2001.

                                      F-16
<PAGE>
PEREGRINE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR EACH OF THE THREE YEARS IN THE PERIOD ENDED APRIL 30, 2003 (continued)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

         In addition, the Company had two separate note payable agreements with
an aggregate original amount due of $134,000 to finance laboratory equipment.
The notes, which were unsecured, bore interest at 10% per annum and were paid in
full as of April 30, 2003.

7. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

         OPERATING LEASE - In December 1998, the Company sold and subsequently
leased back its two facilities in Tustin, California. The lease has an original
lease term of 12 years with two 5-year renewal options and includes scheduled
rental increases of 3.35% every two years. Annual rent expense under the lease
agreement totaled $735,000 during fiscal years 2003, 2002 and 2001. At April 30,
2003, future minimum lease payments and sublease income under non-cancelable
operating leases are as follows:


         Year ending            Minimum Lease                        Net Lease
          April 30:               Payments        Sublease Income    Payments
          ---------             --------------    ---------------    -----------
           2004                 $     721,000     $      (37,000)    $  684,000
           2005                       731,000                 --        731,000
           2006                       745,000                 --        745,000
           2007                       756,000                 --        756,000
           2008                       770,000                 --        770,000
           Thereafter               2,107,000                 --      2,107,000
                              ----------------    ---------------    -----------
                                $   5,830,000     $      (37,000)    $5,793,000
                              ================    ===============    ===========

         RENTAL INCOME - The Company currently subleases portions of its unused
space. Sublease rental income totaled $216,000, $326,000 and $257,000 for fiscal
years 2003, 2002 and 2001, respectively.

8. CONVERTIBLE DEBT

         On August 9, 2002, the Company entered into a private placement with
four investors under a Debenture Securities Purchase Agreement ("Debt SPA"),
whereby the Company issued Convertible Debentures ("Debenture") for gross
proceeds of $3,750,000. The Debenture earns interest at a rate of 6% per annum
payable in cash semi-annually each June 30th and December 31st, and mature in
August 2005. Under the terms of the Debenture, the principal amount is
convertible, at the option of the holder, into a number of shares of common
stock of the Company calculated by dividing the unpaid principal amount of the
Debenture by the conversion price of $0.85 per share ("Conversion Price"). If
the Company enters into any financing transaction within 18 months following the
date the registration statement was declared effective by the Securities &
Exchange Commission (or through March 9, 2004) at a per share price less than
the Conversion Price, the Conversion Price will be reset to the lower price for
all outstanding Debentures. The Debenture was initially secured by generally all
assets of the Company although such security agreement has been removed as of
July 2, 2003. If the Company defaults under the provisions of the Debt SPA, as
defined in the agreement, which includes but is not limited to, the default of
an interest payment, the principal amount of the Debenture becomes immediately
due and payable. Under the Debt SPA, each Debenture holder was granted a
detachable warrant equal to 75% of the quotient obtained by dividing the
principal amount of the Debentures by the Conversion Price or an aggregate of
approximately 3,309,000 warrants (Note 11). The detachable warrants have a
4-year term and are exercisable 6 months after the date of issuance at an
exercise price of $0.75 per share. Also under the terms of the Debt SPA, certain
Board members agreed to a lock-up provision whereby no shares or options can be
sold by such Board members until the sooner of (i) the conversion of all
outstanding convertible debt, (ii) the payment of all outstanding convertible
debt or (iii) September 5, 2003.

                                      F-17
<PAGE>
PEREGRINE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR EACH OF THE THREE YEARS IN THE PERIOD ENDED APRIL 30, 2003 (continued)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

         In accordance with EITF 00-27, APPLICATION OF ISSUE NO. 98-5 TO CERTAIN
CONVERTIBLE INSTRUMENTS, the Company initially recorded its convertible debt net
of discount of (i) the relative fair value of the warrants issued in the amount
of $1,321,000 and (ii) the intrinsic value of the embedded conversion feature in
the amount of $1,143,000. The relative fair value of the warrants was determined
in accordance with the Black-Scholes valuation model based on the warrant terms.
The debt discount associated with unconverted debentures and warrants are
amortized on a straight-line basis over the term of the Debenture and warrants,
which approximates the effective interest method, and the amortization is
recorded as interest expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of
operations. Upon conversion of any debentures and/or warrants, the entire
unamortized debt discount remaining at the date of conversion that is associated
with the converted debentures and/or warrants are immediately recognized as a
non-cash interest expense and are included in interest and other expense in the
accompanying consolidated statements of operations.

         The convertible debt balance, net of discount, was $760,000 at April
30, 2003, calculated as follows:

         PRINCIPAL BALANCE OF CONVERTIBLE DEBT
         Initial convertible debt issued                          $   3,750,000
         Convertible debt conversions during fiscal year 2003        (1,355,000)
                                                                  --------------
             Unconverted principal balance - April 30, 2003           2,395,000

         DISCOUNT ON CONVERTIBLE DEBT
         Initial convertible debt discount                            2,464,000
         Amount amortized as non-cash interest expense                 (829,000)
                                                                  --------------
             Convertible debt discount - April 30, 2003               1,635,000
                                                                  --------------
         Convertible debt, net of discount - April 30, 2003       $     760,000
                                                                  ==============

         During fiscal year 2003, debenture holders elected to convert an
aggregate principal amount of $1,355,000 of the outstanding debt in exchange for
approximately 1,594,119 shares of common stock at the conversion price of $0.85
per share. During the two months ended June 30, 2003, debenture holders elected
to convert an aggregate principal amount of $1,695,000 of outstanding debt in
exchange for approximately 1,994,115 shares of common stock at the conversion
price of $0.85 per share. After these conversions, the unconverted principal
balance of the convertible debt as of June 30, 2003 was $700,000.

         In connection with the convertible debentures issued on August 9, 2002,
the Company incurred approximately $363,000 in debt issuance costs, including
placement agent fees of $318,000, which are being amortized on a straight-line
basis over the life of the Debentures, which approximates the effective interest
method. Upon conversion of any debentures, the unamortized debt issuance costs
remaining at the date of conversion which were allocated to the converted
debentures is immediately recognized as interest expense. During fiscal year
2003, the Company expensed $188,000 in debt issuance costs included in interest
and other expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations.

         From May 1, 2003 through June 30, 2003, investors exercised 1,708,236
warrants under the Debt SPA in exchange for gross proceeds of $1,281,000 at the
exercise price of $0.75 per share. As of June 30, 2003, 1,600,591 warrants were
outstanding under the Debt SPA.


                                      F-18
<PAGE>
PEREGRINE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR EACH OF THE THREE YEARS IN THE PERIOD ENDED APRIL 30, 2003 (continued)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


9. LICENSE, RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENTS

                                   ONCOLYM(R)

         Oncolym(R) is the registered trade name for the Company's most advanced
LYM-1 antibody. In 1985, the Company entered into a research and development
agreement, as amended in August 1999, with Northwestern University and its
researchers to develop the LYM antibodies. The Company holds an exclusive
world-wide license to manufacture and market products using the Oncolym(R)
antibodies. In exchange for the world-wide license to manufacture and market the
products, the Company will pay Northwestern University a royalty on net sales.

         On March 8, 1999, the Company entered into a License Agreement with
 Schering A.G. whereby Schering A.G. was granted the exclusive, worldwide right
 to market and distribute Oncolym(R) products, in exchange for an initial
 payment of $3,000,000 and future milestone payments plus a royalty on net
 sales. During June 2000, the Company and Schering A.G. entered into an
 amendment to the License Agreement ("the Amendment") whereby Schering A.G.
 agreed to pay for 100% of the Oncolym(R) clinical development expenses,
 excluding drug related costs, for the Phase I/II clinical trial. In exchange
 for this commitment, the Company agreed to transfer $1,300,000 of its common
 stock to Schering A.G. as defined in the Amendment. During June 2001, the
 Company assumed the rights previously licensed to Schering A.G. and recognized
 deferred license revenue of $3,000,000 upon termination of the agreement, which
 is included in license revenue in the accompanying consolidated financial
 statements for the year ended April 30, 2002.

         In November 1997, the Company entered into a Termination and Transfer
Agreement with Alpha Therapeutic Corporation, whereby the Company reacquired the
rights for the development, commercialization and marketing of Oncolym(R) in the
United States and certain other countries, previously granted to Alpha in
October 1992. The Company has contingent obligations due upon filing of a
Biologics License Application and upon FDA approval by the Food and Drug
Administration plus a royalty on net sales for product sold in certain countries
for five (5) years after commercialization of the product. No amounts were due
or payable at April 30, 2003 under the Termination and Transfer Agreement.

         On March 8, 1999, the Company entered into a Termination Agreement with
Biotechnology Development Ltd. ("BTD"), pursuant to which the Company terminated
all previous agreements with BTD and thereby reacquired the marketing rights to
Oncolym(R) products in Europe and certain other designated foreign countries. In
exchange for these rights, the Company expensed $4,500,000 as a license fee in
fiscal year 1999, which was comprised of a secured promissory note payable in
the amount of $3,300,000, which was paid in full during fiscal year 2001, and
issued 1,523,809 shares of its common calculated in accordance with the
Termination Agreement. In addition, the Company issued warrants to purchase up
to 3,700,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $3.00 per share and
issued warrants to purchase up to 1,000,000 shares of common stock at an
exercise price of $5.00 per share. The warrants were measured utilizing the
Black-Scholes option valuation model. During fiscal year 2000, the Company
defaulted under the Termination Agreement and extended the expiration date of
4,700,000 warrants to December 1, 2005 and only in the case of a merger,
acquisition, or reverse stock split, agreed to re-price the outstanding warrants
to an exercise price of $0.34 per share. BTD is a limited partnership controlled
by Mr. Edward J. Legere, a member of the Company's Board of Directors and its
former President and Chief Executive Officer. The warrants under the Termination
Agreement were outstanding as of April 30, 2003.

                                      F-19
<PAGE>
PEREGRINE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR EACH OF THE THREE YEARS IN THE PERIOD ENDED APRIL 30, 2003 (continued)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

         On October 28, 1992, the Company entered into an agreement with an
unrelated corporation (licensee) to terminate a previous license agreement
relating to Oncolym(R). The termination agreement provides for aggregate maximum
payments of $1,100,000 to be paid by the Company based on achievement of certain
milestones, including a royalty on net sales. As of April 30, 2003, the Company
has accrued $100,000 for milestones incurred as of April 30, 2003, which is
included in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.

                       TUMOR NECROSIS THERAPY (COTARA(TM))

         The Company acquired the rights to the TNT technology in July 1994
after the merger between Peregrine and Cancer Biologics, Inc. was approved by
the shareholders. The assets of Cancer Biologics, Inc. acquired by the Company
consisted primarily of patent rights to the TNT technology. To date, no product
revenues have been generated from the Company's TNT technology.

         During October 2000, the Company entered into a licensing agreement
with Merck KGaA to license a segment of its TNT technology for use in the
application of cytokine fusion proteins. During January 2003, the Company
entered into an amendment to the license agreement, whereby the Company received
an extension to the royalty period from six years to ten years from the date of
the first commercial sale. Under the terms of the amendment, the Company
received the remaining up-front fee of $350,000 which is included in license
revenue in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for the year ended
April 30, 2003 in accordance with SAB No. 101.

         In February 1996, the Company entered into a joint venture agreement
with Cambridge Antibody Technology, Inc. ("CAT"), which provided for the
co-sponsorship of development and clinical testing of the TNT antibodies. In May
1998, the Company and CAT elected to discontinue the joint venture of the TNT
antibodies and the Company assumed full responsibility to fund development and
clinical trials of the TNT antibody. During January 2003, the Company and CAT
entered into an assignment agreement whereby CAT assigned the worldwide rights
to the human TNT antibody to the Company. In exchange, the Company agreed to pay
a royalty on net sales to CAT, as defined in the agreement, and agreed to
forgive any amounts owed to the Company under the joint venture.

         During September 1995, the Company entered into an agreement with
Cancer Therapeutics, Inc. whereby the Company granted to Cancer Therapeutics,
Inc. the exclusive right to sublicense TNT to a major pharmaceutical company
solely in the People's Republic of China (Note 14).

         The Company is negotiating with certain third parties to acquire
licenses needed to produce and commercialize chimeric and human antibodies,
including the Company's TNT antibody. Management believes the terms of the
licenses will not significantly impact the cost structure or marketability of
the chimeric or human TNT based products.

                            VASCULAR TARGETING AGENTS

         During December 2002, the Company granted the exclusive rights for the
development of diagnostic and imaging agents in the field of oncology to
Schering A.G. under its Vascular Targeting Agent ("VTA") technology. Under the
terms of the agreement, the Company received an up-front payment of $300,000, of
which, $275,000 is included in deferred license revenue in accordance with SAB


                                      F-20
<PAGE>
PEREGRINE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR EACH OF THE THREE YEARS IN THE PERIOD ENDED APRIL 30, 2003 (continued)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

No. 101 in the accompanying consolidated financial statements at April 30, 2003
and will be amortized over the term of the remaining obligations as stated in
the agreement. In addition, the Company could also receive future milestone
payments and a royalty on net sales, as defined in the agreement. Under the same
agreement, the Company granted Schering an option to obtain certain
non-exclusive rights to the VTA technology with predetermined up front fees and
milestone payments as defined in the agreement.

         During August 2001, the Company entered into two exclusive worldwide
licenses for two new pre-clinical compounds from the University of Texas
Southwestern Medical Center. These two new compounds, classified as "naked"
(non-conjugated) Vascular Targeting Agents, add to Peregrine's anti-cancer
platform technologies in the anti-angiogenesis and vascular targeting agent
fields. Under these license agreements, the Company paid an up-front license
fee, which was included in research and development expenses, and is obligated
to pay future milestone payments based on development progress, plus a royalty
on net sales.

         During February 2001, the Company completed a licensing deal with
SuperGen, Inc. ("SuperGen") to license a segment of its VTA technology,
specifically related to Vascular Endothelial Growth Factor ("VEGF"). Under the
terms of the licensing agreement, SuperGen purchased 150,000 shares of the
Company's common stock at $4.00 per share for total proceeds to the Company of
$600,000. The Company also receives an annual license fee of $200,000 in cash or
SuperGen common stock until SuperGen files an Investigational New Drug
Application in the United States utilizing the VEGF technology. As of April 30,
2003, SuperGen has not filed an Investigational New Drug Application in the
United States utilizing the VEGF technology. The $200,000 annual license fee is
included in license revenue in the accompanying consolidated financial
statements for the years ended April 30, 2003 and 2002 in accordance with SAB
No. 101. During fiscal year 2003, SuperGen paid the annual license fee of
$200,000 in common stock of SuperGen, which is included in short-tem investments
in the accompanying consolidated financial statements (Note 3). In addition, the
Company could receive additional milestone payments based on the development
success, plus receive a royalty on net sales of all drugs commercialized by
SuperGen utilizing the VEGF technology. The Company could also receive
additional consideration for each clinical candidate that enters a Phase III
clinical trial by SuperGen.

         During August 2000, the Company entered into a licensing agreement with
Scotia Pharmaceuticals Limited ("Scotia") to license a segment of its VTA
technology, specifically related to targeting Photodynamic Therapy agents
("PDT"), for the worldwide exclusive rights to this area. Under the terms of the
agreement, the Company received an up-front payment of $500,000 in April 2000,
which was originally being recognized over a four-year period based on the terms
of the agreement. During January 2001, the agreement automatically terminated as
Scotia announced that it has been placed into Administration (receivership) as
ordered by a court in London. During fiscal year 2001, the Company recognized
the remaining unamortized up-front payment, which is included in license revenue
in the accompanying consolidated financial statements at April 30, 2001.

         During May 2000, the Company entered into a joint venture with Oxigene,
Inc. ("Oxigene"). Under the terms of the joint venture agreement, the Company
had agreed to supply its VTA intellectual property to the joint venture while
Oxigene paid the Company a non-refundable $1,000,000 license fee, which was
received in May 2000 and amortized as license revenue over the term of the
agreement. In addition, Oxigene purchased $2,000,000 of the Company's common
stock and agreed to (i) provide its next generation tubulin-binding compounds
(ii) spend up to $20,000,000 to fund the development expenses of the joint
venture based on its development success and (iii) pay the Company a $1,000,000
up-front license fee and subscribe to an additional $1,000,000 in common stock
of the Company upon filing an Investigational New Drug Application ("IND") for
the first clinical candidate developed. During February 2002, the Company


                                      F-21
<PAGE>
PEREGRINE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR EACH OF THE THREE YEARS IN THE PERIOD ENDED APRIL 30, 2003 (continued)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

entered into a Plan and Agreement of Liquidation with Oxigene to dissolve the
joint venture. Under the terms of the Plan and Agreement of Liquidation, the
Company paid Oxigene $2,000,000 in cash, which the Company charged to operations
as purchased in-process research and development in the accompanying
consolidated financial statements during the year ended April 30, 2002, as the
related technology had not reached technological feasibility. In exchange, the
Company reacquired full rights and interest to the Vascular Targeting Agent
platform it contributed to the joint venture, as well as any new discoveries to
its contributed technology. During February 2002, the Company recognized the
remaining unamortized up-front license fee, which is included in license revenue
in the accompanying consolidated financial statements at April 30, 2002.

         In April 1997, in conjunction with the acquisition of Vascular
Targeting Technologies, Inc. (formerly known as Peregrine Pharmaceuticals,
Inc.), the Company gained access to certain exclusive licenses for Vascular
Targeting Agents ("VTAs") technologies. In conjunction with obtaining these
exclusive licenses, the Company will be required to pay annual patent
maintenance fees of $50,000 plus milestone payments and future royalties on net
sales to various universities. No product revenues have been generated from the
Company's VTA technology.

              VASOPERMEATION ENHANCEMENT AGENTS AND OTHER LICENSES

         During February 2000, the Company entered into an exclusive worldwide
licensing transaction with the University of Southern California for its
Permeability Enhancing Protein ("PEP") in exchange for an up-front payment plus
future milestone payments and a royalty on net sales based on development
success. The PEP technology is classified under the Company's Vasopermeation
Enhancing Agent ("VEA") technology, which is designed to increase the uptake of
chemotherapeutic agents into tumors. PEP is designed to be used in conjunction
with the VEA technology platform.

         Prior to fiscal year 1996, the Company entered into several license and
research and development agreements with a university for the exclusive,
worldwide licensing rights to use certain patents and technologies in exchange
for fixed and contingent payments and royalties on net sales of the related
products. Minimum future royalties under these agreements are $84,500 annually.
Royalties related to these agreements amounted to $84,500 for fiscal years 2003,
2002 and 2001. No product revenues have been generated from the Company's VEA
technology


 10. STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

                       COMMON STOCK EQUITY LINE AGREEMENT

         During June 1998, the Company secured access to a Common Stock Equity
Line ("Equity Line") with two institutional investors, as amended on June 2,
2000 (the "Amendment"). Under the Amendment, the Company may, in its sole
discretion, and subject to certain restrictions, periodically sell ("Put")
shares of the Company's common stock until all common shares previously
registered under the Equity Line have been exhausted. During September 2001, the
Company issued all available shares under the Equity Line and therefore, the
Equity Line was immediately terminated. In addition, at the time of each Put,
the investors were issued warrants, which are immediately exercisable on a
cashless basis only and expire through December 31, 2005, to purchase up to 15%
of the amount of common stock issued to the investors at the same price as the
shares of common stock sold in the Put.


                                      F-22
<PAGE>
PEREGRINE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR EACH OF THE THREE YEARS IN THE PERIOD ENDED APRIL 30, 2003 (continued)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

         In accordance with Emerging Issues Task Force Issue No. 96-13 ("EITF
No. 96-13"), ACCOUNTING FOR DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS, contracts that
require a company to deliver shares as part of a physical settlement should be
measured at the estimated fair value on the date of the initial Put. The Equity
Line solely requires settlement to be made with shares of the Company's common
stock. As such, the Company had an independent appraisal performed to determine
the estimated fair market value of the various financial instruments included in
the Equity Line and recorded the related financial instruments as
reclassifications between equity categories. Reclassifications were made for the
estimated fair market value of the warrants issued and estimated Commitment
Warrants to be issued under the Equity Line of $1,140,000 and the estimated fair
market value of the reset provision of the Equity Line of $400,000 as additional
consideration and have been included in the accompanying consolidated financial
statements. The above recorded amounts were offset by $700,000 related to the
restrictive nature of the common stock issued under the initial Put in June 1998
and the estimated fair market value of the Equity Line Put option of $840,000.

         During January 2001, the Emerging Issues Task Force issued EITF No.
00-19 ("EITF No. 00-19"), ACCOUNTING FOR DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
INDEXED TO, AND POTENTIALLY SETTLED IN, THE COMPANY'S OWN STOCK, which reached a
consensus on the application of EITF No. 96-13. In accordance with EITF No.
00-19, the Equity Line contract remains recorded as permanent equity and
recorded at fair value as of the date of the transaction. EITF No. 00-19 is
effective for all transactions entered into after September 20, 2000. As of
April 30, 2003, EITF No. 00-19 had no impact on the Company's consolidated
financial position and results of operations.

         During fiscal years 2002 and 2001, the Company received gross proceeds
of $5,526,000 and $10,200,000 in exchange for 5,039,203 and 5,212,564 shares of
common stock under the Equity Line, respectively, including commission shares.
On April 15, 1999 and July 15, 1999, the Company issued an additional 881,481
and 179,485 shares of common stock covering the initial three and six month
adjustment dates as defined in the agreement, respectively. There are no future
reset provisions under the Equity Line.

         At the time of each Put, the investors were issued warrants,
exercisable only on a cashless basis to purchase up to 10%, (increased to 15%
under the Amendment) of the amount of common stock issued to the investor at the
same price as the purchase of the shares sold in the Put. During fiscal years
2002 and 2001, the Company issued 732,970 and 654,630 warrants under the Equity
Line, respectively, including commission warrants. During fiscal years 2002 and
2001, the Company issued 216,435 and 9,801 shares of common stock upon the
cashless exercise of 79,512 and 42,413 Equity Line warrants, respectively. As of
April 30, 2003, the Company had outstanding warrants to purchase up to 1,397,537
shares of common stock under the Equity Line (Note 11).

         Placement agent fees under each draw of the Equity Line are issued to
Dunwoody Brokerage Services, Inc., which are equal to 10% of the common shares
(commission shares) and warrants (commission warrants) issued to the
institutional investors plus an overall cash commission equal to 7% of the gross
draw amount. Mr. Eric Swartz, a member of the Board of Directors, maintains a
contractual right to 50% of the shares and warrants issued under the Equity
Line. During the fiscal years ended April 2002 and 2001, Dunwoody Brokerage
Services, Inc. was issued 458,109 and 475,417 shares of common stock,
respectively, and was paid cash commissions of $387,000 and $714,000 during the
same two years, respectively. The Equity Line was consummated in June 1998 when
Mr. Swartz had no Board affiliation with the Company.


                                      F-23
<PAGE>
PEREGRINE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR EACH OF THE THREE YEARS IN THE PERIOD ENDED APRIL 30, 2003 (continued)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

FINANCING UNDER SHELF REGISTRATION STATEMENT ON FORM S-3, FILE NUMBER 333-71086

         On November 14, 2001, the Company filed a registration statement on
Form S-3, File Number 333-71086 (the "November 2001 Shelf") which was declared
effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission, allowing the Company to
issue, from time to time, in one or more offerings, (i) up to 10,000,000 shares
of its common stock, and (ii) warrants to purchase up to 2,000,000 shares of its
common stock.

         During November 2001, the Company received $5,750,000 under a Common
Stock Purchase Agreement in exchange for 5,750,000 shares of its common stock
and warrants to purchase up to 1,725,000 shares of common stock at an exercise
price of $1.00 per share. The warrants can be exercised on a cash basis only.
Mr. Eric Swartz, a Director of the Company, invested $500,000 of the total
amount in exchange for 500,000 shares of the Company's common stock and warrants
to purchase up to 150,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $1.00,
which transaction was subsequently rescinded due to the lack of shareholder
approval (Note 14). The fair value of the warrants were recorded as a cost of
equity based on a Black-Scholes valuation model after considering terms in the
related warrant agreements. In connection with the offering, the Company paid a
fee to the placement agent equal to five percent (5%) of the number of shares
issued to certain investors, or 200,000 shares.

         During October 2002, the Company was required to rescind the prior sale
of shares to Mr. Swartz under the November 2001 Common Stock Purchase Agreement
in accordance with Nasdaq Market Rule 4350 and to return the sum of $500,000 to
Mr. Swartz in exchange for the 500,000 shares of common stock and the
cancellation of a warrant to purchase up to 150,000 shares of common stock.

         During January 2002, the Company received $2,200,000 under a Common
Stock Purchase Agreement in exchange for 1,100,000 shares of its common stock
and warrants to purchase up to 275,000 shares of common stock at an exercise
price of $2.00 per share. The warrants have a five year term and are exercisable
at an exercise price of $2.00 per share on a cash basis only. The fair value of
the warrants were recorded as a cost of equity based on a Black-Scholes
valuation model after considering terms in the related warrant agreements. In
connection with the offering, the Company paid a fee to the placement agent
equal to five percent (5%) of the number of shares issued to certain of the
investors, or 50,000 shares.

         During August 2002, the Company received gross proceeds of $1,856,000
under a Common Stock Purchase Agreement in exchange for 2,900,000 shares of its
common stock. There were no warrants issued in connection with this transaction.

         As of April 30, 2003, 500,000 shares of common stock and warrants to
purchase up to 150,000 shares of common stock were available for issuance under
the November 2001 Shelf.

         On June 6, 2003, the Company received gross proceeds of $355,000 under
a Common Stock Purchase Agreement in exchange for approximately 412,445 shares
of its common stock. In connection with the offering, the Company paid a fee to
the placement agent equal to five percent (5%) of the gross proceeds, or
$18,000. As of June 30, 2003, 87,555 shares of common stock and were available
for issuance under the November 2001 Shelf. All warrants were issued under the
November 2001 Shelf as of June 2003.


                                      F-24
<PAGE>
PEREGRINE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR EACH OF THE THREE YEARS IN THE PERIOD ENDED APRIL 30, 2003 (continued)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


FINANCING UNDER SHELF REGISTRATION STATEMENT ON FORM S-3, FILE NUMBER 333-103965

         On March 21, 2003, the Company filed a registration statement on Form
S-3, File Number 333-103965 which was declared effective by the Securities and
Exchange Commission, allowing the Company to issue, from time to time, in one or
more offerings, up to 10,000,000 shares of its common stock ("March 2003
Shelf"). The Company issued no shares under the March 2003 Shelf as of April 30,
2003.

         On June 6, 2003, the Company received gross proceeds of $1,720,000
under a Common Stock Purchase Agreement in exchange for 2,000,003 shares of its
common stock and warrants to purchase up to 150,000 shares of common stock at an
exercise price of $0.86 per share. The warrants have a four year term and are
exercisable at an exercise price of $0.86 per share. The fair value of the
warrants were recorded as a cost of equity based on a Black-Scholes valuation
model after considering the terms in the related warrant agreement. The warrants
were issued under the November 2001 Shelf. In connection with the offering, the
Company paid a fee to the placement agent equal to five percent (5%) of the
gross proceeds, or $86,000.

         On June 26, 2003, the Company received gross proceeds of $1,840,000
under a Common Stock Purchase Agreement in exchange for 1,599,997 shares of its
common stock. Under the same arrangement, the Company granted the investors a
six-month option to purchase up to 1,599,997 additional shares of common stock
from the Company under the same terms as this offering. The fair value of the
option was recorded as a cost of equity based on a Black-Scholes valuation model
after considering terms in the related agreement. In connection with the
offering, the Company paid a fee to the placement agent equal to five percent
(5%) of the gross proceeds, or $92,000. As of June 30, 2003, approximately
4,800,000 shares of common stock were available for issuance under the March
2003 Shelf.

                  FINANCING UNDER SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

         On August 9, 2002, the Company entered into a private placement with
two investors under a Securities Purchase Agreement ("SPA") and issued an
aggregate of approximately 1,923,000 shares of common stock in exchange for
gross proceeds of $1,250,000. In conjunction with the private placement, the
Company issued warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of approximately
1,442,000 shares of common stock. The warrants have a four year term and are
exercisable six months after the date of issuance at an exercise price of $0.71
per share. In addition, if the Company enters into any financing transaction
within 18 months following the date the registration statement was declared
effective by the Securities & Exchange Commission (or through March 9, 2004) at
a per share price less than the purchase price of $0.65 per share ("Adjusted
Price"), then, after the Company receives prior shareholder approval, each
investor will receive an adjustment warrant equal to (1) the number of common
shares that would have been issued to such investor on the closing date at the
Adjusted Price less (2) the number of common shares actually issued to such
investor on the closing date. The adjustment warrant would be priced at an
exercise price $0.001 per share and shall expire four years from the closing
date as defined in the SPA.

         Also on August 9, 2002, the Company agreed to sell approximately
3,298,000 shares of common stock at a negotiated price of $0.65 per share in
exchange for gross proceeds of $2,144,000 to one investor. In conjunction with
this offering, the Company issued a warrant to purchase up to approximately
4,649,000 shares of common stock. The warrant has a four year term and is
exercisable six months after the date of issuance at an exercise price of $0.71
per share. In addition, if the Company enters into any financing transaction
within 18 months following the date the registration statement was declared


                                      F-25
<PAGE>
PEREGRINE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR EACH OF THE THREE YEARS IN THE PERIOD ENDED APRIL 30, 2003 (continued)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

effective by the Securities & Exchange Commission (or through March 9, 2004) at
a per share price less than the purchase price of $0.65 per share ("Adjusted
Price"), then, after the Company receives prior shareholder approval, each
investor will receive an adjustment warrant equal to (1) the number of common
shares that would have been issued to such investor on the closing date at the
Adjusted Price less (2) the number of common shares actually issued to such
investor on the closing date. The adjustment warrant would be priced at an
exercise price $0.001 per share and shall expire four years from the closing
date as defined in the SPA.

         Under the terms of the SPA, the Company cannot sell common stock or
instruments convertible into common stock at a price per share of less than
$0.85 before March 9, 2004 without first obtaining shareholder approval. The
sale of common stock below $0.85 per share would trigger a reset of the purchase
price for investors under the SPA which would cause the Company to issue
additional shares or warrants (in addition to the original issuance of shares)
that would in total exceed twenty percent (20%) of the Company's outstanding
shares of common stock as of the date of the transaction, which would require
prior shareholder approval under the rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market. On
October 22, 2002, the Company attempted to obtain prior shareholder approval but
the proposal did not receive sufficient shareholder votes. There can be no
guarantees that the Company will be successful in obtaining future shareholder
approval, if necessary.

         Under all equity financing agreements entered into during August 2002,
the Company paid combined placement agent fees of $445,000.

         From May 1, 2003 through June 30, 2003, investors exercised 1,303,847
warrants under the SPA in exchange for gross proceeds of $926,000 at the
exercise price of $0.71 per share. As of June 30, 2003, 4,787,308 warrants were
outstanding under the SPA.

                            OTHER EQUITY TRANSACTIONS

         During June 2000, the Company issued 518,672 shares of common stock to
Schering A.G. in exchange for Schering A.G.'s commitment to pay for 100% of the
Oncolym(R) clinical development expenses, excluding drug related costs, for the
Phase I/II clinical trial, in accordance with the amended License Agreement
dated March 8, 1999 (Note 9).

         On November 19, 1999, in consideration of a commitment by Swartz
Private Equity, LLC ("SPE") to fund a $35,000,000 equity line financing over a
three year term, the Company issued SPE a five-year warrant to purchase up to
750,000 shares of the Company's common stock at an initial exercise price of
$0.46875 per share ("Commitment Warrant") subject to reset provisions as defined
in the agreement. This agreement was entered into and approved by the previous
Board of Directors. Mr. Eric Swartz, a member of the Board of Directors,
maintains a 50% ownership in SPE. The Company utilized the Black-Scholes
valuation model to calculate the fair value of the warrant, which was recorded
as stock-based compensation in the accompanying consolidated financial
statements. As of April 30, 2003, warrants to purchase up to 699,000 shares of
common stock were outstanding under the Commitment Warrant.



                                      F-26
<PAGE>
PEREGRINE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR EACH OF THE THREE YEARS IN THE PERIOD ENDED APRIL 30, 2003 (continued)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


         In accordance with the Company's option plans and warrant agreements,
the Company has reserved approximately 32,338,000 shares of its common stock at
April 30, 2003 for future issuance, calculated as follows:
                                                               Number of
                                                            shares reserved
                                                          --------------------
           Options issued and outstanding                         9,580,000
           Warrants issued and outstanding                       19,940,000
           Shares reserved under convertible debt                 2,818,000
                                                          --------------------
           Total shares reserved                                 32,338,000
                                                          ====================

11. STOCK OPTIONS AND WARRANTS

         The Company has one incentive stock option plan with outstanding
options as of April 30, 2003, which was adopted in September 1996 ("1996 Plan").
The plan provides for the granting of options to purchase shares of the
Company's common stock at prices not less than the fair market value of the
stock at the date of grant and generally expire ten years after the date of
grant.

         The 1996 Plan originally provided for the issuance of options to
purchase up to 4,000,000 shares of the Company's common stock. The number of
shares for which options may be granted under the 1996 Plan automatically
increases for all subsequent common stock issuances by the Company in an amount
equal to 20% of such subsequent issuances up to a maximum of 10,000,000 options
as long as the total shares allocated to the 1996 Plan do not exceed 20% of the
Company's authorized stock. As a result of issuances of common stock by the
Company subsequent to the adoption of the 1996 Plan, the number of shares for
which options may be granted has increased to 10,000,000. Options granted
generally vest over a period of four years with a maximum term of ten years. As
of April 30 2003, 5,170,865 options are outstanding under the 1996 Plan and
418,062 shares were available for grant under the Company's 1996 Plan.

         During June 2002, the Company adopted a broad-based non-qualified stock
option plan ("2002 Plan") for the issuance of up to 3,000,000 options. The 2002
Plan provides for the granting of options to purchase shares of the Company's
common stock at prices not less than the fair market value of the stock at the
date of grant and generally expire ten years after the date of grant. As of
April 30 2003, 2,909,593 options are outstanding under the 2002 Plan and 90,407
shares were available for grant under the Company's 2002 Plan.


                                      F-27
<PAGE>
PEREGRINE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR EACH OF THE THREE YEARS IN THE PERIOD ENDED APRIL 30, 2003 (continued)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


         Option activity for all option plans for each of the three years ended
April 30, 2003 is as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                          2003                        2002                         2001
                               ---------------------------- -------------------------- -----------------------------
                                              WEIGHTED                    WEIGHTED                    WEIGHTED
                                              AVERAGE                     AVERAGE                     AVERAGE
                                              EXERCISE                    EXERCISE                    EXERCISE
                                 SHARES        PRICE          SHARES       PRICE        SHARES         PRICE
                                 ------        -----          ------       -----        ------         -----
<S>                            <C>              <C>         <C>             <C>        <C>              <C>
      BALANCE,
      Beginning  of year       10,055,527       $1.20       7,795,402       $1.03      7,614,029        $1.42

      Granted                   1,517,800       $0.84       2,853,440       $1.58      1,127,000        $2.09

      Exercised                  (109,633)      $0.72        (535,760)      $0.66        (94,878)       $0.35

      Canceled                 (1,883,236)      $1.25         (57,555)      $1.43       (850,749)       $6.00
                               -----------                ------------                -----------
      BALANCE,
      End of year               9,580,458       $1.16      10,055,527       $1.20      7,795,402        $1.03
                               ===========                ============                ===========
</TABLE>

         Additional information regarding options outstanding as of April 30,
2003 is as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     OPTIONS OUTSTANDING                      OPTIONS EXERCISABLE
                                           ----------------------------------------- --------------------------------------
                                            WEIGHTED AVERAGE
                                                REMAINING        WEIGHTED AVERAGE       NUMBER OF       WEIGHTED AVERAGE
 RANGE OF PER SHARE      NUMBER OF SHARES    CONTRACTUAL LIFE         PER SHARE            SHARES       PER SHARE EXERCISE
   EXERCISE PRICES         OUTSTANDING            (YEARS)          EXERCISE PRICE       EXERCISABLE            PRICE
---------------------- ------------------- -------------------- -------------------- ----------------- --------------------
<S>       <C>               <C>                   <C>                 <C>                 <C>                <C>
 $ 0.34 - $ 0.34            2,672,681             6.65                $ 0.34              2,172,681          $ 0.34
 $ 0.49 - $ 1.00            1,980,374             7.31                $ 0.74              1,437,741          $ 0.79
 $ 1.05 - $ 1.28            2,099,003             7.45                $ 1.23              1,820,744          $ 1.25
 $ 1.38 - $ 2.48            2,210,400             7.58                $ 1.75              1,322,566          $ 1.71
 $ 2.69 - $ 5.28              618,000             7.12                $ 3.71                411,166          $ 3.77
                       -------------------                                           -----------------
 $ 0.34 - $ 5.28            9,580,458             7.21                $ 1.16              7,164,898          $ 1.11
                       ===================                                           =================
</TABLE>

         As of April 30, 2003, warrants to purchase an aggregate of 19,939,719
shares of the Company's common stock were outstanding under the following
arrangements:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                     WARRANTS            WEIGHTED AVERAGE PER
DESCRIPTION OF ARRANGEMENT                                          OUTSTANDING          SHARE EXERCISE PRICE
-------------------------------------------------------------    ------------------    -------------------------
<S>                                                                  <C>                        <C>
Convertible Debt (Note 8)                                            3,308,827                  $ 0.75
Common Stock Equity Line Agreement (Note 10)                         1,397,537                  $ 1.69
Financing Under November 2001 Shelf (Note 10)                        1,775,000                  $ 1.15
Financing Under Securities Purchase
    Agreement (Note 10)                                              6,091,155                  $ 0.71
Warrant issued to BTD under Termination Agreement (Note 9)           4,700,000                  $ 3.43
Warrants issued under Regulation D Subscription
    Agreement (Note 14)                                              1,843,200                  $ 0.25
Other Transactions                                                     824,000                  $ 2.34
                                                                 ------------------    -------------------------
     Total                                                          19,939,719                  $ 1.43
                                                                 ==================    =========================
</TABLE>


                                      F-28
<PAGE>
PEREGRINE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR EACH OF THE THREE YEARS IN THE PERIOD ENDED APRIL 30, 2003 (continued)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

         The warrants are exercisable at prices ranging between $0.24 and $5.00
per share with an average exercise price of $1.43 per share and expire at
various dates through January 31, 2007. The value of the warrants was based on a
Black-Scholes formula after considering terms in the related warrant agreements.

12. SEGMENT REPORTING

         In January 2002, the Company formed its wholly-owned subsidiary, Avid
Bioservices, Inc. ("Avid"), to provide an array of contract manufacturing
services, including contract manufacturing of antibodies and proteins, cell
culture development, process development, and testing of biologics.

         The Company's business is now organized into two reportable operating
segments (i) Peregrine, the parent company, is engaged in the research and
development of cancer therapeutics and cancer diagnostics through a series of
proprietary platform technologies using monoclonal antibodies, and (ii) Avid,
engaged in providing contract manufacturing and development of biologics to
biopharmaceutical and biotechnology businesses.

         The Company primarily evaluates the performance of its segments based
on net revenues and gross profit or loss. The Company has no intersegment
revenues and does not segregate assets at the segment level as such information
is not used by management.



         Net revenues and gross profit information for the Company's segments
for fiscal year 2003 and 2002 consisted of the following:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                           FISCAL YEAR ENDED APRIL 30,
                                                                              2003             2002
                                                                         --------------   --------------
<S>                                                                      <C>              <C>
        NET REVENUES:
           Licensing of research and development of
               cancer therapeutics                                       $    575,000     $   3,720,000
           Contract manufacturing and development of biologics              3,346,000            46,000
                                                                         --------------   --------------

         Total net revenues                                              $  3,921,000     $   3,766,000
                                                                         ==============   ==============

        GROSS PROFIT:
          Licensing of research and development of
               cancer therapeutics                                       $     575,000    $   3,720,000
           Contract manufacturing and development of biologics                 486,000           34,000
                                                                         --------------   --------------

         Total gross profit                                              $   1,061,000    $   3,754,000
                                                                         ==============   ==============
</TABLE>


         Net revenues generated from Avid during fiscal year 2003 and 2002 were
primarily from one customer located in Europe and one customer located in the
U.S. The customer located in Europe accounted for 65% (2003) and 60% (2002) of
reported revenue, and the one customer located in the U.S. accounted for 34%
(2003) and 37% (2002) of reported net revenues.


                                      F-29
<PAGE>
PEREGRINE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR EACH OF THE THREE YEARS IN THE PERIOD ENDED APRIL 30, 2003 (continued)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


13. INCOME TAXES

         The provision for income taxes consists of the following for the three
years ended April 30, 2003:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                 2003            2002           2001
                                              ------------   ------------   ------------
<S>                                           <C>            <C>            <C>
Provision for federal income taxes at
  statutory rate                              $(3,930,000)   $(3,984,000)   $(3,242,000)
Other                                               3,000         12,000         (2,000)
Stock-based compensation                               --       (108,000)            --
State income taxes, net of federal benefit       (347,000)      (352,000)      (286,000)
Expiration of tax credits and carryforwards       876,000        350,000        332,000
Change in valuation allowance                   3,398,000      4,082,000      3,198,000
                                              ------------   ------------   ------------
Provision                                     $        --    $        --    $        --
                                              ============   ============   ============
</TABLE>

         Deferred income taxes reflect the net effects of temporary differences
between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting
purposes and the amounts for income tax purposes. Significant components of the
Company's deferred tax assets at April 30, 2003 and 2002 are as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            2003            2002
                                                        -------------   -------------
<S>                                                     <C>             <C>
Net operating loss carryforwards                        $ 33,071,000    $ 29,168,000
Stock-based compensation                                   1,971,000       1,784,000
General business and research and development credits        118,000         118,000
Deferred revenue                                              74,000              --
Accrued license note payable                                      --       1,443,000
Accrued liabilities                                        1,644,000         967,000
                                                        -------------   -------------

                                                          36,878,000      33,480,000
Less valuation allowance                                 (36,878,000)    (33,480,000)
                                                        -------------   -------------
Net deferred taxes                                      $         --    $         --
                                                        =============   =============
</TABLE>

         At April 30, 2003, the Company and its subsidiaries have federal net
operating loss carryforwards of $93,220,000 and tax credit carryforwards of
$118,000. During fiscal year 2003 and 2002, net operating loss carryforwards of
$463,000 and $586,000 expired, respectively, with the remaining net operating
losses expiring through 2023. The net operating losses of $2,787,000 applicable
to its subsidiary can only be offset against future income of its subsidiary.
The tax credit carryforwards generally expire in 2008 and are available to
offset future taxes of the Company or its subsidiary.

         The Company also has state net operating loss carryforwards of
$58,498,000, which begin to expire in fiscal year 2004. On September 11, 2002,
the Governor of California signed into law new legislation that suspends the use
of net operating loss carryforwards into tax years beginning on or after January
1, 2002 and 2003. Should the Company have taxable income for the year ending
April 30, 2004, it may not look to California net operating losses generated in
prior years to offset taxable income for purposes of determining the applicable
California income tax due, if any. Unless extended by law, this suspension will
not apply to tax years beginning in 2004 and beyond.

                                      F-30
<PAGE>
PEREGRINE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR EACH OF THE THREE YEARS IN THE PERIOD ENDED APRIL 30, 2003 (continued)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

         Due to ownership changes in the Company's common stock, there will be
limitations on the Company's ability to utilize its net operating loss
carryforwards in the future. The impact of the restricted amount has not been
calculated as of April 30, 2003.

14. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

         On November 19, 2001, the Company received $5,750,000 under a Common
Stock Purchase Agreement in exchange for the issuance of 5,750,000 shares of its
common stock and warrants to purchase up to 1,725,000 shares of common stock at
an exercise price of $1.00 per share. Mr. Eric Swartz, a director of the
Company, invested $500,000 of the total amount in exchange for 500,000 shares of
the Company's common stock and warrants to purchase up to 150,000 shares of
common stock at an exercise price of $1.00 (Note 10). Subsequent to the sale,
the Company was informed by The Nasdaq Stock Market that the sale of shares to a
director of the Company at a discount to the market price of the Company's
common stock required shareholder approval in order for the Company to be in
compliance with Nasdaq Market Rule 4350. On October 22, 2002, the Company's
prior sale of common stock to Mr. Eric Swartz did not receive shareholder
approval due to insufficient shareholder votes. As such, the Company was
required to rescind the transaction and to return the sum of $500,000 to Mr.
Swartz in exchange for the 500,000 shares of common stock and the cancellation
of a warrant to purchase up to 150,000 shares of common stock. During December
2002, the Company paid Mr. Swartz $508,000, which included interest calculated
at the Company's money market rates.

         On December 29, 1999, Swartz Investments, LLC and BTD agreed to provide
interim funding to the Company for up to $500,000 to continue the operations of
the Company and to avoid the Company from filing for protection from its
creditors. During this period of time, the closing stock price was $0.41 per
share, the Company had a minimal amount of cash on hand, significant payables to
vendors and patent attorneys, and the Company was near a time of being delisted
from The NASDAQ Stock Market. During January 2000, the Company entered into the
final agreement, a Regulation D Subscription Agreement, whereby the Company
received $500,000 in exchange for an aggregate of 2,000,000 shares of common
stock and issued warrants to purchase up to 2,000,000 shares of common stock at
$0.25 per share. Mr. Eric Swartz, a member of the Board of Directors, maintains
a 50% ownership in Swartz Investments, LLC. BTD is controlled by Mr. Edward J.
Legere, who is also a member of the Board of Directors. As of April 30, 2003,
warrants to purchase up to 1,843,200 shares of common stock were outstanding.

         During September 1995, the Company entered into an agreement with
Cancer Therapeutics, Inc. whereby the Company granted to Cancer Therapeutics,
Inc. the exclusive right to sublicense TNT to a major pharmaceutical company
solely in the People's Republic of China for a period of 10 years, subject to
the major pharmaceutical company obtaining product approval within 36 months. In
exchange for this right, the major pharmaceutical company would be required to
fund not less than $3,000,000 for research and development expenses of Cancer
Therapeutics related to Tumor Necrosis Therapy ("TNT") and the Company would
retain exclusive rights to all research, product development and data outside of
the People's Republic of China. The technology was then sublicensed to Shanghai
Brilliance Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ("Brilliance"). In addition, the Company is
entitled to receive 50% of all revenues received by Cancer Therapeutics with
respect to its sublicensing of TNT to Brilliance. Cancer Therapeutics has the
right to 20% of the distributed profits from Brilliance. During March 2001, the


                                      F-31
<PAGE>
PEREGRINE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
FOR EACH OF THE THREE YEARS IN THE PERIOD ENDED APRIL 30, 2003 (continued)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Company extended the exclusive licensing period granted to Cancer Therapeutics,
which now expires on December 31, 2016. Dr. Clive Taylor, a member of the
Company's Board of Directors, owns 26% of Cancer Therapeutics and is an officer
and director of Cancer Therapeutics. Dr. Taylor has abstained from voting at
meetings of the Company's board of directors on any matters relating to Cancer
Therapeutics or Brilliance. Through fiscal year ended April 30, 2003, Cancer
Therapeutics has not derived any revenues from its agreement with Brilliance.

15. BENEFIT PLAN

         During fiscal year 1997, the Company adopted a 401(k) benefit plan (the
"Plan") for all employees who are over age 21, work at least 24 hours per week
and have three or more months of continuous service. The Plan provides for
employee contributions of up to 100% of their compensation or a maximum of
$12,000. The Company made no matching contributions to the Plan since its
inception.


16. SELECTED QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED)

         Selected quarterly financial information for each of the two most
recent fiscal years is as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                    QUARTER ENDED
                      --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                           APRIL       JANUARY       OCTOBER        JULY          APRIL       JANUARY       OCTOBER         JULY
                            30,          31,           31,           31,           30,           31,           31,           31,
                           2003         2003          2002          2002          2002          2002          2001          2001
                        -----------  -----------   -----------   -----------   -----------   -----------   -----------   -----------
<S>                     <C>          <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>
Net revenues .........  $ 2,314,000  $   512,000   $   621,000   $   474,000   $   391,000   $   125,000   $   125,000   $ 3,125,000

Cost of sales ........  $ 1,559,000  $   270,000   $   711,000   $   320,000   $    12,000   $        --   $        --   $        --

Gross profit (loss) ..  $   755,000  $   242,000   $   (90,000)  $   154,000   $   379,000   $   125,000   $   125,000   $ 3,125,000

Operating expenses ...  $ 2,401,000  $ 2,357,000   $ 2,910,000   $ 4,063,000   $ 6,284,000   $ 3,916,000   $ 3,266,000   $ 2,506,000

Net income (loss) ....  $(1,868,000) $(2,650,000)  $(3,190,000)  $(3,851,000)  $(5,701,000)  $(3,710,000)  $(3,026,000)  $   719,000

Basic and diluted
net income (loss)
per common share .....  $     (0.02) $     (0.02)  $     (0.03)  $     (0.03)  $     (0.06)  $     (0.03)  $     (0.03)  $      0.01
</TABLE>


17. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

         On June 6, 2003, the Company received gross proceeds of $2,075,000
under a Common Stock Purchase Agreement in exchange for 2,412,448 shares of its
common stock and warrants to purchase up to 150,000 shares of common stock at an
exercise price of $0.86 per share (Note 10).

         On June 26, 2003, the Company received gross proceeds of $1,840,000
under a Common Stock Purchase Agreement in exchange for 1,599,997 shares of its
common stock (Note 10).

         From May 1, 2003 through June 30, 2003, investors exercised 1,708,236
warrants under convertible debentures (Note 8) and 1,303,847 warrants under the
Securities Purchase Agreement (Note 10) for gross proceeds of $1,281,000 and
$926,000, respectively.


                                      F-32
<PAGE>
<TABLE>


PEREGRINE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.                                                                 SCHEDULE II

VALUATION OF QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS
FOR EACH OF THE THREE YEARS IN THE PERIOD ENDED APRIL 30, 2003
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<CAPTION>

                                                       BALANCE AT       CHARGED                   BALANCE
                                                       BEGINNING     TO COSTS AND                 AT END
DESCRIPTION                                            OF PERIOD       EXPENSES    DEDUCTIONS    OF PERIOD
---------------------------------------------          ----------    -----------  -----------   -----------
<S>                                                    <C>           <C>          <C>           <C>
Valuation reserve for note and other
receivables for the year ended April 30, 2001          $2,155,000    $       --   $ (342,000)   $1,813,000

Valuation reserve for note and other
receivables for the year ended April 30, 2002           $1,813,000   $   25,000   $  (53,000)   $1,785,000

Valuation reserve for note and other
receivables for the year ended April 30, 2003           $1,785,000   $       --   $  (81,000)   $1,704,000

</TABLE>







                                      F-33



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
