<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K405
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d10k405.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 10-K405
<TEXT>
<PAGE>


                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                                    FORM 10-K

              ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
                         SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2001        Commission File No.  0-26486

                      Auburn National Bancorporation, Inc.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)


                Delaware                                  63-0885779
    (State or other jurisdiction of                    (I.R.S. Employer
     incorporation or organization)                  Identification No.)

                       165 East Magnolia Avenue, Suite 203
                              Auburn, Alabama 36830
                                 (334) 821-9200
          (Address and telephone number of principal executive offices)

                 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
                              of the Exchange Act:


                                                Name of each exchange
         Title of each class                     on which registered
         -------------------                     -------------------
                 None                                   None


                 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
                              of the Exchange Act:

                     Common Stock, Par Value, $.01 Per Share

                                (Title of class)

Check  whether the issuer (1) filed all  reports  required  to be filed by
Section 13 or 15(d) of the  Exchange  Act during the past 12 months (or such
shorter  period that the  registrant  was  required  to file such  reports),
and (2) has been  subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.     Yes  [X]      No  [ ]

Check if disclosure of delinquent filers in response to Item 405 of Regulation
S-K is not contained in this form, and no disclosure will be contained, to the
best of the registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any
amendment to this Form 10-K. [X]

The aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of
registrant as of February 28, 2002 computed by reference to the price at which
the stock was sold as of such date, was $32,855,977.

As of February 28, 2002, there were issued and outstanding 3,894,618 shares of
the registrant's $.01 par value common stock.

                       Documents Incorporated by Reference
                       -----------------------------------

Portions of the definitive proxy statement for the Annual Meeting of
Shareholders to be held on May 14, 2002 are incorporated by reference into Part
III.

<PAGE>

                                     PART I

          SPECIAL CAUTIONARY NOTICE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

      Certain of the statements made herein under the caption "Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and
elsewhere in this Annual Report are forward-looking statements for purposes of
Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"),
and Section 21A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
"Exchange Act"), and as such may involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties
and other factors which may cause the actual results, performance or
achievements of the Company to be materially different from future results,
performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking
statements. Such forward-looking statements include statements using the words
such as "may," "will," "anticipate," "should," "would," "believe," "assessment,"
"contemplate," "expect," "estimate," "continue," "intend" or similar words and
expressions of the future. Our actual results may differ significantly from the
results we discuss in these forward-looking statements.

      These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and may
not be realized due to a variety of factors, including, without limitation: the
effects of future economic conditions nationally and locally; governmental
monetary and fiscal policies, as well as legislative and regulatory changes; the
risks of changes in interest rates on the level and composition of deposits,
loan demand, credit quality and the values of loan collateral, securities, and
other interest-sensitive assets and liabilities; interest rate risks and
sensitivity; the effects of competition from other commercial banks, thrifts,
mortgage banking firms, consumer finance companies, credit unions, securities
brokerage firms, insurance companies, money market and other mutual funds and
other financial institutions operating in the Company's market area and
elsewhere, including institutions operating regionally, nationally, and
internationally, together with such competitors offering banking products and
services by mail, telephone, computer and Internet; and the failure of
assumptions underlying the establishment of reserves for loan losses. All
written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to the Company are
expressly qualified in their entirety by these cautionary statements.

ITEM 1. BUSINESS

      Auburn National Bancorporation, Inc. (the "Company") is a bank holding
company registered with the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System
(the "Federal Reserve") under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended
(the "BHC Act"). The Company was incorporated in Delaware in 1990, and in 1994
it succeeded its Alabama predecessor as the bank holding company controlling
AuburnBank, an Alabama state member bank with its principal office in Auburn,
Alabama (the "Bank"). The Company and its predecessor have controlled the Bank
since 1984. As a bank holding company, the Company permits diversification by
the Company into a broader range of financial services and other business
activities than currently are permitted to the Bank under applicable law. The
holding company structure also provides greater financial and operating
flexibility than is presently permitted to the Bank.

      The Bank has operated continuously since 1907 and conducts its business in
East Alabama, including Lee County and surrounding areas. In April 1995, in
order to gain flexibility and reduce certain regulatory burdens, the Bank
converted from a national bank to an Alabama state bank that is a member of the
Federal Reserve System (the "Charter Conversion"). Upon consummation of the
Charter Conversion, the Bank's primary regulator changed from the Office of the
Comptroller of the Currency to the Federal Reserve and the Alabama
Superintendent of Banks (the "Alabama Superintendent"). The Bank has been a
member of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta (the "FHLB-Atlanta") since 1991.

General

      The Company's business is conducted primarily through the Bank. Although
it has no immediate plans to conduct any other business, the Company may engage
directly or indirectly in a number of activities which the

                                      -2-

<PAGE>

Federal Reserve has determined to be so closely related to banking or managing
or controlling banks as to be a proper incident thereto.

Services

      The Bank offers checking, savings, transaction deposit accounts and
certificates of deposit, and is an active residential mortgage lender in its
primary service area ("PSA"). The Bank also offers commercial, financial,
agricultural, real estate construction and consumer loan products and other
financial services. The Bank is one of the largest providers of automated teller
services in East Alabama with 15 locations. The Bank's Tiger Teller ATM cards
can be used internationally through the Cirrus(R) network. The Bank offers VISA
Checkcards, which are debit cards with the VISA logo that work like checks but
can be used anywhere VISA is accepted, including ATMs. In 1999, the Bank
launched its Internet web page and began offering on-line banking and bill
payment services.

Competition

      The banking business in Alabama, including Lee County, is highly
competitive with respect to loans, deposits, and other financial services, and
the area is dominated by a number of major banks and bank holding companies
which have substantially greater resources, and numerous offices and affiliates
operating over wide geographic areas. The Bank competes for deposits, loans, and
other business with these banks, as well as with credit unions, mortgage
companies, insurance companies, and other local and nonlocal financial
institutions, including services offered through the mail, by telephone and over
the Internet. Among the advantages that certain of these institutions have
vis-a-vis the Bank are their ability to finance extensive advertising campaigns
and to allocate and diversify their assets among loans and securities of the
highest yield and in locations with the greatest demand.

      Many of the major commercial banks operating in the Bank's service area,
or their affiliates, offer services, such as international banking and
investment services, which are not presently offered directly by the Bank. Such
competitors, because of their greater capitalization, also have substantially
higher lending limits than the Bank.

      The Bank faces further competition for loans and deposits from a wide
variety of local and nonlocal financial institutions. As more and different
kinds of businesses enter the market for financial services, competition from
nonbank financial intermediaries such as thrifts, credit unions, mortgage
companies, insurance companies, and other financial institutions may be expected
to intensify further. Community banks also have experienced significant
competition for deposits from mutual funds, insurance companies, and other
investment companies, and money center banks' offerings of high-yield
investments and deposits. Certain of these competitors are not subject to the
same regulatory restrictions as the Bank. Since September 29, 1995, any bank
holding company located outside Alabama may acquire any bank based in Alabama or
generally, any other state, subject to certain deposit-percentage, aging
requirements, and other restrictions. Alabama has also opted into the provisions
of the Interstate Banking Act, which permits national and state-chartered banks
to branch interstate through acquisitions of banks in other states. See
"SUPERVISION AND REGULATION."

Selected Economic Data

      The Bank's PSA includes the cities of Auburn and Opelika, Alabama and
nearby surrounding areas in East Alabama, primarily in Lee County. Lee County's
population is approximately 102,000. Approximately 71% of the land in Lee County
is devoted to agriculture, with 91% comprised of forests. An estimated 10% is
urban or developed. Timber and timber products, greenhouses and horticulture,
beef cattle, and cotton are the major agricultural products. Principal
manufactured products in the Company's PSA include magnetic recording tapes,
tires, textiles, small gasoline engines, and hardware. The largest employers in
the area are Auburn University, East Alabama Medical Center, Uniroyal-Goodrich,
West Point Stevens, and Briggs & Stratton.

                                      -3-

<PAGE>

Loans and Loan Concentrations

      The Bank makes loans for commercial, financial, and agricultural purposes,
as well as for real estate mortgage, real estate construction, and consumer
purposes. While there are certain risks unique to each type of lending,
management believes that there is more risk associated with commercial, real
estate construction, agricultural, and consumer lending than with real estate
mortgage loans. To help manage these risks, the Bank has established
underwriting standards used in evaluating each extension of credit on an
individual basis, which are substantially similar for each type of loan. These
standards include a review of the economic conditions affecting the borrower,
the borrower's financial strength and capacity to repay the debt, the underlying
collateral, and the borrower's past credit performance. These standards are used
to determine the creditworthiness of the borrower at the time a loan is made and
are monitored periodically throughout the life of the loan.

      The Bank has loans outstanding to borrowers in all industries within its
PSA. Any adverse economic or other conditions affecting these industries would
also likely have an adverse effect on the local workforce, other local
businesses, and individuals in the community that have entered into loans with
the Bank. However, management believes that due to the diversified mix of
industries located within the Bank's PSA, adverse changes in one industry may
not necessarily affect other area industries to the same degree or within the
same time frame. Management realizes that the Bank's PSA is also subject to both
local and national economic fluctuations.

Employees

      At December 31, 2001, the Bank had 120 full-time equivalent employees,
including 27 officers.

Statistical Information

      Certain statistical information (as required by Guide 3) is included in
response to Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain statistical
information is included in response to Item 6 and Item 8 of the Annual Report on
Form 10-K.

                           SUPERVISION AND REGULATION

      Bank holding companies and banks are extensively regulated under federal
and state law. This discussion is qualified in its entirety by reference to the
particular statutory and regulatory provisions referred to below and is not
intended to be an exhaustive description of the status or regulations applicable
to the Company's and the Bank's business. Supervision, regulation, and
examination of the Company and the Bank and their respective subsidiaries by the
bank regulatory agencies are intended primarily for the protection of depositors
rather than holders of Company capital stock. Any change in applicable law or
regulation may have a material effect on the Company's business.

Bank Holding Company Regulation

      The Company, as a bank holding company, is subject to supervision and
regulation by the Federal Reserve under the BHC Act. Bank holding companies are
generally limited to the business of banking, managing, or controlling banks,
and other activities that the Federal Reserve determines to be so closely
related to banking or managing or controlling banks as to be a proper incident
thereto. The Company is required to file with the Federal Reserve periodic
reports and such other information as the Federal Reserve may request. The
Federal Reserve examines the Company, and may examine its subsidiaries. The
State of Alabama does not regulate bank holding companies.

      The BHC Act requires prior Federal Reserve approval for, among other
things, the acquisition by a bank holding company of direct or indirect
ownership or control of more than 5% of the voting shares or substantially all

                                      -4-

<PAGE>


the assets of any bank, or for a merger or consolidation of a bank holding
company with another bank holding company. With certain exceptions, the BHC Act
prohibits a bank holding company from acquiring direct or indirect ownership or
control of voting shares of any company which is not a bank or bank holding
company and from engaging directly or indirectly in any activity other than
banking or managing or controlling banks or performing services for its
authorized subsidiary. A bank holding company may, however, engage in or acquire
an interest in a company that engages in activities which the Federal Reserve
has determined by regulation or order to be so closely related to banking or
managing or controlling banks as to be a proper incident thereto.

      In November 1999, Congress enacted the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act ("GLB Act"),
which made substantial revisions to the statutory restrictions separating
banking activities from certain other financial activities. Under the GLB Act,
bank holding companies that are "well-capitalized" and "well-managed" and whose
subsidiary banks have satisfactory or better ratings under the Community
Reinvestment Act of 1977, as amended (the "CRA"), and meet certain other
conditions can elect to become "financial holding companies." Financial holding
companies and their subsidiaries are permitted to acquire or engage in
previously impermissible activities such as insurance underwriting, securities
underwriting, travel agency activities, broad insurance agency activities,
merchant banking, and other activities that the Federal Reserve determines to be
financial in nature or complementary thereto. In addition, under the merchant
banking authority added by the GLB Act and Federal Reserve regulations,
financial holding companies are authorized to invest in companies that engage in
activities that are not financial in nature, as long as the financial holding
company makes its investment with the intention of limiting the terms of its
investment, does not manage the company on a day-to-day basis, and the investee
company does not cross-market with any of the financial holding company's
controlled depository institutions. Financial holding companies continue to be
subject to the overall oversight and supervision of the Federal Reserve, but the
GLB Act applies the concept of functional regulation to the activities conducted
by subsidiaries. For example, insurance activities would be subject to
supervision and regulation by state insurance authorities. While the Company has
not elected to become a financial holding company, in order to exercise the
broader activity powers provided by the GLB Act, it may elect to do so in the
future.

      The Company is a legal entity separate and distinct from the Bank. Various
legal limitations restrict the Bank from lending or otherwise supplying funds to
the Company. The Company and the Bank are subject to Section 23A of the Federal
Reserve Act. Section 23A defines "covered transactions", which include
extensions of credit, and limits a bank's covered transactions with any
affiliate to 10% of such bank's capital and surplus. All covered and exempt
transactions between a bank and its affiliates must be on terms and conditions
consistent with safe and sound banking practices, and banks and their subsidiary
are prohibited from purchasing low-quality assets from the bank's affiliates.
Finally, Section 23A requires that all of a bank's extensions of credit to an
affiliate be appropriately secured by acceptable collateral, generally United
States government or agency securities. The Company and the Bank also are
subject to Section 23B of the Federal Reserve Act, which generally limits
covered and other transactions among affiliates to terms and under
circumstances, including credit standards, that are substantially the same or at
least as favorable to the bank or its subsidiary as prevailing at the time for
transactions with unaffiliated companies.

      Federal Reserve policy requires a bank holding company to act as a source
of financial strength and to take measures to preserve and protect its bank
subsidiaries in situations where additional investments in a troubled bank may
not otherwise be warranted. In addition, where a bank holding company has more
than one bank or thrift subsidiary, each of the bank holding company's
subsidiary depository institutions are responsible for any losses to the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation ("FDIC") as a result of an affiliated depository
institution's failure. As a result, a bank holding company may be required to
loan money to its subsidiary in the form of capital notes or other instruments
which qualify as capital under regulatory rules. However, any loans from the
holding company to such subsidiary banks likely will be unsecured and
subordinated to such bank's depositors and perhaps to other creditors of the
bank.

                                      -5-

<PAGE>



Bank and Bank Subsidiary Regulation

      The Bank is subject to supervision, regulation, and examination by the
Federal Reserve and the Alabama Superintendent of Banks, which monitor all areas
of the operations of the Bank, including reserves, loans, mortgages, issuances
of securities, payment of dividends, establishment of branches, capital
adequacy, and compliance with laws. The Bank is a member of the FDIC and, as
such, its deposits are insured by the FDIC to the maximum extent provided by
law. See "FDIC Insurance Assessments".

      The powers of Alabama-chartered banks include certain provisions designed
to provide such banks with competitive equality to the powers of national banks
regulated by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency.

      The Federal Reserve adopted the Federal Financial Institutions Examination
Council's ("FFIEC") updated rating system which assigns each financial
institution a confidential composite "CAMELS" rating based on an evaluation and
rating of six essential components of an institution's financial condition and
operations including Capital adequacy, Asset quality, Management, Earnings,
Liquidity and Sensitivity to market risk. For most institutions, the FFIEC has
indicated that market risk primarily reflects exposures to changes in interest
rates. When regulators evaluate this component, consideration is expected to be
given to: management's ability to identify, measure, monitor, and control market
risk; the institution's size; the nature and complexity of its activities and
its risk profile, and the adequacy of its capital and earnings in relation to
its level of market risk exposure. Market risk is rated based upon, but not
limited to, an assessment of the sensitivity of the financial institution's
earnings or the economic value of its capital to adverse changes in interest
rates, foreign exchange rates, commodity prices, or equity prices; management's
ability to identify, measure, monitor and control exposure to market risk; and
the nature and complexity of interest rate risk exposure arising from nontrading
positions.

      The GLB Act requires banks and their affiliated companies to adopt and
disclose privacy policies, including policies regarding the sharing of personal
information they obtain from customers with third parties. The GLB Act also
permits bank subsidiaries to engage in "financial activities" similar to those
permitted to financial holding companies.

Community Reinvestment Act

      The Company and the Bank are subject to the provisions of the Community
Reinvestment Act of 1977, as amended (the "CRA"), and the federal banking
agencies' regulations thereunder. Under the CRA, all banks and thrifts have a
continuing and affirmative obligation, consistent with their safe and sound
operation to help meet the credit needs for their entire communities, including
low- and moderate-income neighborhoods. The CRA does not establish specific
lending requirements or programs for financial institutions, nor does it limit
an institution's discretion to develop the types of products and services that
it believes are best suited to its particular community, consistent with the
CRA. The CRA requires a depository institution's primary federal regulator, in
connection with its examination of the institution, to assess the institution's
record of assessing and meeting the credit needs of the community served by that
institution, including low- and moderate-income neighborhoods. The regulatory
agency's assessment of the institution's record is made available to the public.
Further, such assessment is required of any institution which has applied to:
(i) charter a national bank; (ii) obtain deposit insurance coverage for a
newly-chartered institution; (iii) establish a new branch office that accepts
deposits; (iv) relocate an office; or (v) merge or consolidate with, or acquire
the assets or assume the liabilities of, a federally regulated financial
institution. In the case of a bank holding company applying for approval to
acquire a bank or other bank holding company, the Federal Reserve will assess
the records of each subsidiary depository institution of the applicant bank
holding company, and such records may be the basis for denying the application.
A less than satisfactory CRA rating will slow, if not preclude expansion of
banking activities. The Bank had a CRA rating of satisfactory as of May 15,
2000.

      Current CRA regulations rate institutions based on their actual
performance in meeting community credit needs. CRA performance is evaluated by
the Federal Reserve, the Bank's primary federal regulator using a lending

                                      -6-

<PAGE>



test, an investment test, and a service test. The Federal Reserve also will
consider: (i) demographic data about the community; (ii) the institution's
capacity and constraints; (iii) the institution's product offerings and business
strategy; and (iv) data on the prior performance of the institution and
similarly-situated lenders. As a result of GLB Act, CRA agreements with private
parties must be disclosed and annual CRA reports must be made to a bank's
primary federal regulator. A bank holding company will not be permitted to
become a financial holding company and no new activities authorized under GLB
may be commenced by a holding company or by a bank financial subsidiary if any
of its bank subsidiaries received less than a "satisfactory" CRA rating in its
latest CRA examination.

      The Bank is also subject to, among other things, the provisions of the
Equal Credit Opportunity Act (the "ECOA") and the Fair Housing Act (the "FHA"),
both of which prohibit discrimination based on race or color, religion, national
origin, sex, and familial status in any aspect of a consumer or commercial
credit or residential real estate transaction. In April 1994, the Department of
Housing and Urban Development, the Department of Justice (the "DoJ"), and the
federal banking agencies issued an Interagency Policy Statement on
Discrimination in Lending in order to provide guidance to financial institutions
in determining whether discrimination exists, how the agencies will respond to
lending discrimination, and what steps lenders might take to prevent
discriminatory lending practices. The DoJ has also increased its efforts to
prosecute what it regards as violations of the ECOA and FHA.

Payment of Dividends

      The Company is a legal entity separate and distinct from the Bank. The
prior approval of the Federal Reserve and/or the Alabama Superintendent is
required if the total of all dividends declared by a state member bank (such as
the Bank) in any calendar year will exceed the sum of such bank's net profits
for the year and its retained net profits for the preceding two calendar years,
less any required transfers to surplus. Federal law also prohibits any state
member bank from paying dividends that would be greater than such bank's
undivided profits after deducting statutory bad debt reserves in excess of such
bank's allowance for loan losses. During 2001, the Bank paid cash dividends of
$1,850,000 to the Company.

      In addition, the Company and the Bank are subject to various general
regulatory policies and requirements relating to the payment of dividends,
including requirements to maintain adequate capital above regulatory minimums.
The appropriate federal regulatory and state authorities are authorized to
determine, under certain circumstances relating to the financial condition of a
state member bank or a bank holding company, that the payment of dividends would
be an unsafe or unsound practice and to prohibit payment thereof. The Federal
Reserve and the Alabama Superintendent have indicated that paying dividends that
deplete a state member bank's capital base to an inadequate level would be an
unsound and unsafe banking practice. The Federal Reserve and the Alabama
Superintendent also have indicated that depository institutions should generally
pay dividends only out of current operating earnings.

Capital

      The Federal Reserve has risk-based capital guidelines for bank holding
companies and state member banks, respectively. These guidelines require a
minimum ratio of capital to risk-weighted assets (including certain
off-balance-sheet activities, such as standby letters of credit) of 8%. At least
half of the total capital must consist of common equity, retained earnings and a
limited amount of qualifying preferred stock, less goodwill and certain core
deposit intangibles ("Tier 1 capital"). The remainder may consist of
non-qualifying preferred stock, qualifying subordinated, perpetual, and/or
mandatory convertible debt, term subordinated debt and intermediate term
preferred stock, up to 45% of pretax unrealized holding gains on available for
sale equity securities with readily determinable market values that are
prudently valued, and a limited amount of general loan loss allowance ("Tier 2
capital" and, together with Tier 1 capital, "Total Capital").

      In addition, the federal regulatory agencies have established minimum
leverage ratio guidelines for bank holding companies and state member banks,
which provide for a minimum leverage ratio of Tier 1 capital to adjusted

                                      -7-

<PAGE>


average quarterly assets ("leverage ratio") equal to 3%, plus an additional
cushion of 1.0% - 2.0%, if the institution has less than the highest regulatory
rating. The guidelines also provide that institutions experiencing internal
growth or making acquisitions will be expected to maintain strong capital
positions substantially above the minimum supervisory levels without significant
reliance on intangible assets. Higher capital may be required in individual
cases and depending upon a bank holding company's risk profile. All bank holding
companies and banks are expected to hold capital commensurate with the level and
nature of their risks including the volume and severity of their problem loans.
Lastly, the Federal Reserve's guidelines indicate that the Federal Reserve will
continue to consider a "tangible Tier 1 leverage ratio" (deducting all
intangibles) in evaluating proposals for expansion or new activity. The Federal
Reserve has not advised the Company or the Bank of any specific minimum leverage
ratio or tangible Tier 1 leverage ratio applicable to them.

      The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991
("FDICIA"), among other things, requires the federal banking agencies to take
"prompt corrective action" regarding depository institutions that do not meet
minimum capital requirements. FDICIA establishes five capital tiers: "well
capitalized", "adequately capitalized", "undercapitalized", "significantly
undercapitalized", and "critically undercapitalized". A depository institution's
capital tier will depend upon how its capital levels compare to various relevant
capital measures and certain other factors, as established by regulation.

      All of the federal banking agencies have adopted regulations establishing
relevant capital measures and relevant capital levels. The relevant capital
measures are the Total Capital ratio, Tier 1 capital ratio, and the leverage
ratio. Under the regulations, a state member bank will be (i) well capitalized
if it has a Total Capital ratio of 10% or greater, a Tier 1 capital ratio of 6%
or greater, a Tier 1 leverage ratio of 5% or greater and is not subject to any
written agreement, order, capital directive, or prompt corrective action
directive by a federal bank regulatory agency to meet and maintain a specific
capital level for any capital measure, (ii) adequately capitalized if it has a
Total Capital ratio of 8% or greater, a Tier 1 capital ratio of 4% or greater,
and a leverage ratio of 4% or greater (3% in certain circumstances), (iii)
undercapitalized if it has a Total Capital ratio of less than 8%, a Tier 1
capital ratio of less than 4% (3% in certain circumstances), (iv) significantly
undercapitalized if it has a Total Capital ratio of less than 6%, a Tier 1
capital ratio of less than 3% and a leverage ratio of less than 3% or (v)
critically undercapitalized if its tangible equity is equal to or less than 2%
of average quarterly tangible assets.

      As of December 31, 2001, the consolidated capital ratios of the Company
and the Bank were as follows:

                                     Regulatory
                                       Minimum       Company        Bank
                                     ----------      -------        ----
Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio           4.0%        11.11%       10.45%
Total risk-based capital ratio            8.0%        12.48%       11.70%
Tier 1 leverage ratio                 3.0-5.0%         7.36%        6.92%

      FDICIA generally prohibits a depository institution from making any
capital distribution (including payment of a dividend) or paying any management
fee to its holding company if the depository institution would thereafter be
undercapitalized. Undercapitalized depository institutions are subject to growth
limitations and are required to submit a capital restoration plan for approval.
For a capital restoration plan to be acceptable, the depository institution's
parent holding company must guarantee that the institution comply with such
capital restoration plan. The aggregate liability of the parent holding company
is limited to the lesser of 5% of the depository institution's total assets at
the time it became undercapitalized and the amount necessary to bring the
institution into compliance with applicable capital standards. If a depository
institution fails to submit an acceptable plan, it is treated as if it is
significantly undercapitalized. If the controlling holding company fails to
fulfill its obligations under FDICIA and files (or has filed against it) a
petition under the federal Bankruptcy Code, the claim would be entitled to a
priority in such bankruptcy proceeding over third party creditors of the bank
holding company. Significantly undercapitalized depository institutions may be
subject to a number of requirements and restrictions, including orders to sell
sufficient voting stock to become adequately capitalized, requirements to reduce
total assets, and cessation of receipt of

                                      -8-

<PAGE>


deposits from correspondent banks. Critically undercapitalized institutions are
subject to the appointment of a receiver or conservator. Because the Company
and the Bank exceed applicable capital requirements, the respective managements
of the Company and the Bank do not believe that the provisions of FDICIA have
had any material impact on the Company and the Bank or their respective
operations.

FDICIA

      FDICIA directs that each federal banking regulatory agency prescribe
standards for depository institutions and depository institution holding
companies relating to internal controls, information systems, internal audit
systems, loan documentation, credit underwriting, interest rate exposure, asset
growth composition, a maximum ratio of classified assets to capital, minimum
earnings sufficient to absorb losses, a minimum ratio of market value to book
value for publicly traded shares, and such other standards as the federal
regulatory agencies deem appropriate.

      FDICIA also contains a variety of other provisions that may affect the
operations of the Company and the Bank, including new reporting requirements,
regulatory standards for real estate lending, "truth in savings" provisions, the
requirement that a depository institution give 90 days prior notice to customers
and regulatory authorities before closing any branch, and a prohibition on the
acceptance or renewal of brokered deposits by depository institutions that are
not well capitalized or are adequately capitalized and have not received a
waiver from the FDIC.

Enforcement Policies and Actions

      The Federal Reserve and the Alabama Superintendent monitor compliance with
laws and regulations. Violations of laws and regulations, or other unsafe and
unsound practices, may result in these agencies imposing fines or penalties,
cease and desist orders, or taking other enforcement actions. Under certain
circumstances, these agencies may enforce these remedies directly against
officers, directors, employees and others participating in the affairs of a bank
or bank holding company.

Fiscal and Monetary Policy

      Banking is a business which depends on interest rate differentials. In
general, the difference between the interest paid by a bank on its deposits and
its other borrowings, and the interest received by a bank on its loans and
securities holdings, constitutes the major portion of a bank's earnings. Thus,
the earnings and growth of the Company and the Bank are subject to the influence
of economic conditions generally, both domestic and foreign, and also to the
monetary and fiscal policies of the United States and its agencies, particularly
the Federal Reserve. The Federal Reserve regulates the supply of money through
various means, including open market dealings in United States government
securities, the discount rate at which banks may borrow from the Federal
Reserve, and the reserve requirements on deposits. The nature and timing of any
changes in such policies and their effect on the Company and the Bank cannot be
predicted.

FDIC Insurance Assessments

      The Bank is subject to FDIC deposit insurance assessments. The Bank's
deposits are insured by the FDIC's Bank Insurance Fund ("BIF"), and it has no
deposits insured by the Savings Association Insurance Fund ("SAIF"). In 1996,
the FDIC began applying a risk-based premium schedule which decreased the
assessment rates for BIF depository institutions. Under this schedule, the
annual premiums range from zero to $.27 for every $100 of deposits. The Deposit
Insurance Funds Act of 1996 authorized The Financing Corporation ("FICO") to
levy assessments on BIF-assessable deposits at a rate equal to one-fifth of the
FICO assessment rate that is applied to deposits assessable by SAIF, through the
earlier of the merger of BIF and SAIF or December 31, 1999. The FICO assessments
are set quarterly, and for BIF in 2001 ranged from 1.84 to 1.96 basis points.
The FICO assessment rates for both BIF and SAIF for the first and second
quarters of 2002 are 1.82 and 1.76 basis points of assessable deposits,
respectively.

                                      -9-

<PAGE>




      Each financial institution is assigned to one of three capital groups -
well capitalized, adequately capitalized or undercapitalized - and further
assigned to one of three subgroups within a capital group, on the basis of
supervisory evaluations by the institution's primary federal and, if applicable,
state regulators and other information relevant to the institution's financial
condition and the risk posed to the applicable insurance fund. The actual
assessment rate applicable to a particular institution will, therefore, depend
in part upon the risk assessment classification so assigned to the institution
by the FDIC. During the three years ended December 31, 2001, the Bank paid $0,
respectively, in BIF deposit insurance premiums, and paid approximately $60,000,
$122,000 and $28,000 in FICO assessments during 2001, 2000 and 1999,
respectively. The FDIC has indicated that based on its current level of reserves
that deposit insurance premiums may increase.

Legislative and Regulatory Changes

      On October 26, 2001, a new anti-terrorism bill, The International Money
Laundering Abatement and Anti-Terrorism Funding Act of 2001, was signed into
law. Among the provisions applicable to financial institutions, this act imposes
new "know your customer" requirements that obligate financial institutions to
take actions to verify the identity of the account holders in connection with
the opening of an account at any U.S. financial institution. Banking regulators
are required to consider a financial institution's compliance with the act's
money laundering provisions in making decisions regarding approval of
acquisitions and mergers, and the regulatory authorities may impose sanctions
for violations of this act.

      Various legislative and regulatory proposals regarding changes in banking,
and the regulation of banks, thrifts and other financial institutions and bank
and bank holding company powers are being considered by the executive branch of
the Federal government, Congress and various state governments. The FDIC has
proposed a restructuring of the federal deposit insurance system, to better
measure and price deposit insurance. Other proposals pending in Congress would,
among other things, allow banks to pay interest on checking accounts and to
establish interstate branches de novo. Certain of these proposals, if adopted,
could significantly change the regulation of banks and the financial services
industry. It cannot be predicted whether any of these proposals will be adopted,
and, if adopted, how these proposals will affect the Company and the Bank.
Various federal oversight authorities are also reviewing the capital adequacy
and riskiness of government sponsored enterprises such as Fannie Mae and Freddie
Mac. Changes from such review could affect the cost and availability of Fannie
Mae and Freddie Mac Services.

ITEM 2.  DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY

      The Bank conducts its business from its main office and six branches. The
main office is located in the downtown Auburn, Alabama, in a 16,150 square foot
building that is owned by the Bank. The original building was constructed in
1964, and an addition was completed in 1981. Portions of the building have been
renovated within the last five years in order to accommodate growth and changes
in the Bank's operational structure and to adapt to technological changes. The
main office building is surrounded on two sides by paved areas that provide
parking for 84 vehicles, including four handicapped spaces. The main office
branch offers the full line of the Bank's services and has 2 ATMs, one walk-up
ATM and one drive-through ATM. The Bank owns a drive-in facility located
directly across the street from its main office. This drive-in facility was
constructed in 1979 and has five drive-through lanes and a walk-up window.

      The Bank's Kroger branch is located in the Kroger supermarket in the
Corner Village Shopping Center in Auburn, Alabama. On September 15, 1987, the
Bank entered into a 15-year lease agreement for approximately 300 square feet of
space in the supermarket. This branch offers the full line of the Bank's
services including an ATM, with the exception of loans and safe deposit boxes.

                                      -10-

<PAGE>



      The Opelika branch is located in Opelika, Alabama, in a 4,000 square foot
building. This branch is owned by the Bank and was built in 1991. This branch
offers the full line of the Bank's services and has drive-through windows and an
ATM. This branch offers parking for approximately 36 vehicles, including two
handicapped spaces.

      The Bank's Winn-Dixie branch opened April 3, 1997, at the Winn Dixie
supermarket in the Tiger Crossing Shopping Center on the south side of Auburn,
Alabama. The Bank has a five-year lease agreement for approximately 350 square
feet of space in the supermarket. This branch offers the full line of the Bank's
deposit and other services including an ATM, except loans and safe deposit
boxes.

      The Bank's Phenix City branch was opened August 19, 1998 in the Wal-Mart
shopping center in Phenix City, Alabama, about 20 miles south of Auburn,
Alabama. The Bank has a five-year lease agreement for approximately 600 square
feet of space in the Wal-Mart. This branch offers the full line of the Bank's
deposit and other services including an ATM, except loans and safe deposit
boxes.

      The Bank's Hurtsboro branch was opened June 28, 1999. This branch is
located in Hurtsboro, Alabama, about 40 miles south of Auburn, Alabama, in a
1,000 square foot building. This branch was built in 1999 and is owned by the
Bank. This branch offers the full line of the Bank's services and has
drive-through windows and an ATM. This branch offers parking for approximately 8
vehicles, including a handicapped ramp.

      The Bank's Auburn Wal-Mart Supercenter branch was opened September 20,
2000 inside the Wal-Mart shopping center on the south side of Auburn, Alabama.
The Bank has a five-year lease agreement for approximately 695 square feet of
space in the Wal-Mart. This branch offers the full line of the Bank's deposit
and other services including an ATM, except loans and safe deposit boxes.

      In addition, the Bank leases from the Company approximately 8,300 square
feet of space in the AuburnBank Center (the "Center"), which is located next to
the main office. This building, which has approximately 18,000 square feet of
space, is also leased to outside third parties. Leases between the Bank and the
Company are based on the same terms and conditions as leases to outside third
parties leasing space in the same building. The Bank's data processing
activities, as well as other operations, are located in this leased space. The
parking lot provides parking for approximately 120 vehicles, including
handicapped parking.

      Directly behind the Center is an older home that is also owned by the
Company. This building is rented as housing to university students. The rear
portion of this property is used as a parking area for approximately 20 vehicles
of Bank employees.

      The Bank also owns a two-story building located directly behind the main
office. The first floor of this building is leased to unaffiliated third
parties.

      The Company owns a commercial office building (the "Hudson Building")
located across the street from the main office in downtown Auburn. The Hudson
Building has two floors and a basement which contain approximately 14,395 square
feet of leasable space. Approximately 63.2% of this building is available for
rent by third-party tenants. The Bank occupies approximately 5,300 square feet,
which includes a portion of the basement level used for storage and office space
used to house certain bank functions. The Bank pays rent to the Company based on
current market rates for such space.

      In 1994, the Bank acquired a parcel of commercial real estate located in
Auburn on U.S. Highway 29. This property, which was acquired in satisfaction of
debt previously contracted, was formerly used by a floor covering business and
contained approximately 6,045 square feet of office, showroom, and warehouse
space. The Bank subsequently removed an underground storage tank ("UST")
containing petroleum products from the site. In March 1995, the Alabama
Department of Environmental Management ("ADEM") requested that the Bank submit a
Secondary Investigation Plan ("Secondary Investigation") as a result of
underground soil and water contamination of petroleum-based hydrocarbon
products. The Secondary Investigation was completed and submitted to ADEM by

                                      -11-

<PAGE>


Roy F. Weston, Inc. ("Weston"), an independent consultant hired by the Bank. The
Secondary Investigation indicated low concentrations of soil contamination on
site and elevated concentrations of gasoline constituents both on-site and
off-site. The Secondary Investigation indicated a low risk to human receptors,
and Weston recommended to ADEM initiation of a quarterly ground water monitoring
program for one year, at which time the program would be reassessed. In response
to ADEM's Letter of Requirement dated January 18, 1996, Weston prepared and
submitted, on behalf of the Bank, a Monitoring Only Corrective Action Plan on
February 20, 1996. In 1999, Weston installed a passive waste removal system to
remove petroleum-based hydrocarbon products from the groundwater test well.
Quarterly groundwater monitoring will continue in 2002 as required by ADEM.
Samples from the eight existing monitoring wells will be collected and analyzed
by Weston. The monitoring data will be submitted by Weston to ADEM as required.
It is estimated that the cost for monitoring and providing reporting data to
ADEM for 2002 will be approximately $9,000 (unless the site is released by ADEM
during the year). The extent and cost of any further testing and remediation, if
any, cannot be predicted at this time.


ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

      In the normal course of its business, the Company and the Bank from time
to time are involved in legal proceedings. The Company and Bank management
believe there are no pending or threatened legal proceedings which upon
resolution are expected to have a material adverse effect upon the Company's or
the Bank's financial condition or results of operations.

ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

      No matters were submitted to a vote of security holders during the fourth
quarter of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2001.

                                      -12-

<PAGE>

                                     PART II

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

      The Company's Common Stock is listed on the Nasdaq SmallCap Market, under
the symbol "AUBN". As of February 28, 2002, there were approximately 3,894,618
shares of the Company's Common Stock issued and outstanding, which were held by
approximately 475 shareholders of record. The following table sets forth, for
the indicated periods, the high and low closing sale prices for the Company's
Common Stock as reported on the Nasdaq SmallCap Market, and the cash dividends
paid to shareholders during the indicated periods.

                                           Closing                   Cash
                                            Price                 Dividends
                                        Per Share (1)              Declared
                                    -----------------------     ---------------
                                     High            Low
                                     ----            ---
2001
First Quarter                       $12.00          $10.00          $0.10
Second Quarter                       11.50            9.94           0.10
Third Quarter                        12.50           10.00           0.10
Fourth Quarter                       12.95           11.15           0.10

2000
First Quarter                        16.25          $10.78          $0.10
Second Quarter                       12.00           11.00           0.10
Third Quarter                        13.00            9.50           0.10
Fourth Quarter                       12.00            8.75           0.10

(1)   The price information represents actual transactions.


      The Company has paid cash dividends on its capital stock since 1985. Prior
to this time, the Bank paid cash dividends since its organization in 1907,
except during the Depression years of 1932 and 1933. Holders of Common Stock are
entitled to receive such dividends as may be declared by the Company's Board of
Directors. The amount and frequency of cash dividends will be determined in the
judgment of the Company's Board of Directors based upon a number of factors,
including the Company's earnings, financial condition, capital requirements, and
other relevant factors. Company management currently intends to continue its
present dividend policies.

      The amount of dividends payable by the Bank is limited by law and
regulation. The need to maintain adequate capital in the Bank also limits
dividends that may be paid to the Company. Although Federal Reserve policy could
restrict future dividends on Common Stock, such policy places no current
restrictions on such dividends. See "SUPERVISION AND REGULATION -- DIVIDENDS"
and "MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
OPERATIONS -- CAPITAL RESOURCES."

                                      -13-

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

                                                               For the Year Ended December 31,
                                               2001           2000           1999           1998          1997
                                           -------------  -------------  -------------  ------------- -------------
                                                        (Dollars in thousands, except per share data)
<S>                                         <C>            <C>            <C>           <C>            <C>
Earnings
--------
Net Interest Income                          $13,845       $ 12,584       $ 12,128      $  10,531      $  9,507
Provision for Loan Losses                      3,555          2,622          2,506            891           285
Net Earnings                                   4,578          3,014          2,922          3,439         3,080
Per Share: (1)
      Net Earnings                              1.17           0.77           0.74           0.88          0.79
      Cash Dividends                            0.40           0.40           0.32           0.19          0.16
      Book Value                                9.20           8.10           7.25           7.37          6.64
Shares Issued                              3,957,135      3,957,135      3,957,135      3,957,135     3,957,135
Weighted Average Shares Outstanding        3,908,084      3,924,573      3,924,573      3,924,573     3,916,446


Financial Condition
-------------------
Total Assets                               $ 474,328      $ 404,689      $ 377,518      $ 307,874     $ 264,029
Loans                                        271,834        262,529        260,606        218,687       185,493
Investment Securities                        151,474        111,730         77,867         71,680        54,810
Total Deposits                               369,668        315,641        294,722        223,505       223,978
Long Term Debt                                53,581         48,721         46,861         31,000        11,138
Shareholders' Equity                          35,834         31,805         28,442         28,943        26,047


Selected Ratios
---------------
Return on Average Total Assets                 1.07%          0.77%          0.85%          1.22%         1.20%
Return on Average Total Equity                13.40%         10.30%          9.86%         12.26%        12.61%
Average Stockholders' Equity to
      Average Assets                           7.97%          7.47%          8.62%          9.91%         9.48%
Allowance for Loan Losses As a % Of Loans      1.96%          1.38%          1.45%          1.28%         1.15%
Loans To Total Deposits                       73.53%         83.17%         88.42%         93.65%        82.82%

(1) Restated to reflect the three for one stock split in the form of a dividend on June 25, 1998.

</TABLE>

                                  -14-

<PAGE>

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
        RESULTS OF OPERATIONS


      The following discussion and analysis is designed to provide a better
understanding of various factors related to the Company's results of operations
and financial condition. Such discussion and analysis should be read in
conjunction with "BUSINESS" and "FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA."

      The purpose of this discussion is to focus on significant changes in the
financial condition and results of operations of the Company during the three
years ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999. This discussion and analysis is
intended to supplement and highlight information contained in the accompanying
consolidated financial statements and the selected financial data presented
elsewhere herein.

Summary

      Net earnings increased $1,564,000 (51.9%) to $4,578,000 during 2001 from
$3,014,000 for the year ended December 31, 2000. Basic earnings per share was
$1.17 and $0.77 for 2001 and 2000, respectively, an increase of 52.0%.
Comparatively, net earnings during 2000 increased $92,000 (3.2%) from the 1999
total of $2,922,000, while basic earnings per share showed a similar increase of
$0.03 per share for 2000 from a 1999 per share total of $0.74. The increase in
net earnings for 2001 is attributable to an increase in net interest income and
noninterest income offset by an increase in provision for loan losses and
noninterest expense. In addition, net income for first quarter 2001 was
significantly impacted by a $1,548,000 gain recorded upon the sale of the Star
Systems, Inc. ATM network in which the Company received ownership in a publicly
traded entity whose shares were issued to the Company in exchange for its
ownership interest in Star Systems, Inc. network. The increase in net earnings
for 2000 is mainly attributable to an increase in net interest income and
noninterest income offset by an increase in noninterest expense. See "FINANCIAL
CONDITION -- CAPITAL RESOURCES" and the "CONSOLIDATED AVERAGE BALANCES, INTEREST
INCOME/EXPENSE AND YIELDS/RATES" tables.

      Total assets at December 31, 2001 and 2000 were $474,328,000 and
$404,689,000, reflecting growth of $69,639,000 (17.2%). The Company's growth
during 2001 resulted primarily from the growth in cash and cash equivalents,
investment securities, loans and other assets. In addition, deposits grew
$54,027,000 (17.1%) from $315,641,000 at year-end 2000 to $369,668,000 at
year-end 2001. See "FINANCIAL CONDITION-DEPOSITS", "FINANCIAL CONDITION- LOANS"
and "LIQUIDITY."

Critical Accounting Policies

      The accounting and financial policies of the Company conform to generally
accepted accounting principles and to general practices within the banking
industry. The allowance for loan losses is an accounting policy applied by the
Company which is deemed critical. Critical accounting policies are defined as
policies which are important to the portrayal of the Company's financial
condition and results of operations, and that require management's most
difficult, subjective or complex judgements. The Company's financial results
could differ significantly if different judgements or estimates are applied in
the application of this policy. See "ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES AND RISK
ELEMENTS."

       Management analyzes the loan portfolio to determine the adequacy of the
allowance for loan losses and the appropriate provision required to maintain a
level considered adequate to absorb anticipated loan losses. When management
believes the collection of the principal of a loan is unlikely, a loan is
charged off against the allowance for loan losses. Subsequent recoveries of
principal are added back to the allowance for loan losses. Management's
evaluation of the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses is based on a formal
analysis which assesses the risks within the loan portfolio. In assessing the
adequacy of the allowance, management reviews the size, quality and risk of
loans in the portfolio. Management also considers such factors as the Bank's
loan loss experience, the amount of past due and nonperforming loans, specific
known risk, the status and amount of nonperforming assets, underlying

                                      -15-

<PAGE>

collateral values securing loans, current and anticipated economic conditions
and other factors which affect the allowance for loan losses. In 2001,
management reviewed approximately 34% of the total loan portfolio. In addition,
the Bank has engaged an outside loan review consultant, on a semi-annual basis,
to perform an independent review of the quality of the loan portfolio and
adequacy of the allowance. In 2001, the outside loan review consultant reviewed
approximately 32% of the total loan portfolio. The current economic conditions
have slowed loan growth and contributed to the increase in provision for loan
losses in 2001. The Company is closely monitoring certain portions of its loan
portfolio that management believes to be a higher risk under the current
economic situation.

      Management believes the allowance for loan losses is adequate at December
31, 2001. While management uses available information to recognize losses on
loans, future additions to the allowance for loan losses may be necessary based
on economic changes. Certain economic and interest rate factors could have a
material impact on the determination of the allowance for loan losses. The
Bank's allowance for loan losses is also subject to regulatory examinations and
determinations as to adequacy, which may take into account such factors as the
methodology used to calculate the allowance for loan losses and the size of the
allowance for loan losses in comparison to a group of peer banks identified by
the regulators. During their routine examinations of banks, the Federal Reserve
and the Alabama Superintendent of Banks may require a bank to make additional
provisions to its allowance for loan losses when, in the opinion of the
regulators, credit evaluations and allowance for loan loss methodology differ
materially from those of management. See "SUPERVISION AND REGULATION."

      Management, considering current information and events regarding a
borrowers' ability to repay its obligations, considers a loan to be impaired
when the ultimate collectibility of all amounts due, according to the
contractual terms of the loan agreement, is in doubt. When a loan is considered
to be impaired, the amount of the impairment is measured based on the present
value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan's effective interest
rate. If the loan is collateral-dependent, the fair value of the collateral is
used to determine the amount of the impairment. Impairment losses are included
in the allowance for loan losses through a charge to the provision for loan
losses. Cash for accruing impaired loans are applied to principal and interest
under the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Cash receipts on impaired
loans which are not accruing interest are applied first to principal and then to
interest income.

     Commercial real estate mortgage loans of $112,075,000 represented 41.2% of
the total loans at December 31, 2001. The largest 10 commercial real estate
mortgage relationships approximated $42.7 million or 15.7% of the total loans
outstanding at December 31, 2001. There are no significant concentrations of
industries or loan types within the commercial real estate loan portfolio. The
Bank's commercial real estate loans are secured by real estate located
principally in Lee County, Alabama. Accordingly, the ultimate collectibility of
a substantial portion of the Bank's loan portfolio is susceptible to changes in
market conditions in this area. A rapidly rising interest rate environment could
have a material impact on certain borrowers' ability to pay. The Company
currently anticipates that interest rates will slightly increase in 2002. In the
event of a deeper recession or a significant increase in interest rates, the
Bank's credit costs and losses could increase significantly. See "QUANTITATIVE
AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK."

Financial Condition

      Investment Securities

      Investment securities held to maturity were $16,164,000 and $26,900,000 at
December 31, 2001 and 2000, respectively. This decrease of $10,736,000 (39.9%)
in 2001 resulted from scheduled paydowns, maturities and calls of principal
amounts. The investment securities available for sale portfolio was $135,310,000
and $84,831,000 at December 31, 2001 and 2000, respectively. This increase of
$50,479,000 (59.5%) reflects purchases of $38,544,000 in U.S. agency securities,
$41,388,000 in mortgage-backed securities, $35,714,000 in collateralized
mortgage obligations ("CMOs"), $1,292,000 in asset-backed securities and
$2,657,000 in state and political subdivision

                                      -16-

<PAGE>


securities. This increase is offset by $26,356,000 of scheduled paydowns,
maturities and calls of principal amounts. In addition, $35,331,000 of U.S.
agency securities, $9,562,000 of CMOs and $1,640,000 of mortgage-backed
securities were sold in 2001.


      The composition of the Company's total investment securities portfolio
reflects the Company's investment strategy to provide acceptable levels of
interest income from portfolio yields while maintaining an appropriate level of
liquidity to assist with controlling the Company's interest rate position. In
recent years, the Company has invested primarily in taxable securities due to
its inability to fully realize the benefits of the preferential treatment
afforded tax-exempt securities under the tax laws. Because of their liquidity,
credit quality and yield characteristics, the majority of the purchases of
taxable securities have been in investment grade mortgage-backed securities
("MBS") and CMOs. The yields, values, and durations of such MBS and CMOs
generally vary with interest rates, prepayment levels, and general economic
conditions, and as a result, the values of such instruments may be more volatile
and unpredictable than other instruments with similar maturities. Such MBS and
CMOs also may have longer stated maturities than other securities, which may
result in further price volatility.

      The following table indicates the amortized cost of the portfolio of
investment securities held to maturity at the end of the last three years:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                             Amortized Cost
                                                                              December 31,
                                                              -------------------------------------
                                                                2001          2000           1999
                                                              -------       --------       --------
                                                                         (In thousands)
<S>                                                           <C>             <C>          <C>
Investment Securities Held to Maturity:
   U.S. government agencies                                   $ 7,290         14,931          4,508
   State and political subdivisions                               615            674            731
   Mortgage-backed securities                                   3,344          5,971          4,829
   Collateralized mortgage obligations                          4,915          5,324             --
                                                              -------         ------         ------
         Total investment securities held to maturity         $16,164         26,900         10,068
                                                              =======         ======         ======


      The following table indicates the fair value of the portfolio of
investment securities available for sale at the end of the last three years:

                                                                               Fair Value
                                                                              December 31,
                                                              -------------------------------------
                                                                2001          2000           1999
                                                              -------       --------       --------
                                                                        (In thousands)
Investment Securities Available for Sale:
   U.S. government agencies                                   $25,276         25,581         17,871
   State and political subdivisions                             3,393            848            845
   Mortgage-backed securities                                  50,381         19,848         20,138
   Collateralized mortgage obligations                         52,523         38,554         25,945
   Asset backed securities                                      1,299             --             --
   Equity securities                                            2,438             --             --
   Commercial paper                                                --             --          3,000
                                                              -------         ------         ------
         Total investment securities available for sale      $135,310         84,831         67,799
                                                              =======         ======         ======

</TABLE>


      At December 31, 2001, the Bank owned CMOs with a total amortized cost of
$57,044,000. All of the CMOs are rated AAA. The CMOs are all backed by federal
agency guaranteed mortgages.

                                      -17-

<PAGE>


      The MBS portfolio's total amortized cost of $53,331,000 at December 31,
2001, is a mixture of fixed rate mortgages, adjustable rate mortgages ("ARMs"),
and securities with balloon payments. At the time of purchase, the Bank
considers various prepayment speeds and makes the purchase based on the ability
to accept the yield and average life based on both increasing and decreasing
prepayment speeds.

      The following tables present the maturities and weighted average yields of
investment securities at December 31, 2001:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                      Maturities of Held-to-Maturity
                                                                          Investment Securities
                                                                              Amortized Cost
                                                               --------------------------------------
                                                                After one      After five       After
                                                                 through         through         ten
                                                               five years       ten years       years
                                                               ------------    -----------    -------
                                                                            (In thousands)
   <S>                                                         <C>             <C>            <C>
   U.S. government agencies                                        $ --           2,000        5,290
   State and political subdivisions                                 230              --          385
   Mortgage-backed securities                                       482           2,266          596
   Collateralized mortgage obligations                               --              --        4,915
                                                                    ---           -----       ------
      Total investment securities held to maturity                 $712           4,266       11,186
                                                                    ===           =====       ======


                                                                      Weighted Average Yields of
                                                                          Held-to-Maturity
                                                                       Investment Securities
                                                               --------------------------------------
                                                                After one      After five       After
                                                                 through         through         ten
                                                               five years       ten years       years
                                                               ------------    ------------     -----

     U.S. government agencies                                        --%           8.00%        8.00%
     State and political subdivisions                              7.46%             --%        5.47%
     Mortgage-backed securities                                    6.07%           7.29%        6.96%
     Collateralized mortgage obligations                             --%             --%        7.25%

<CAPTION>

                                                                   Maturities of Available for Sale
                                                                         Investment Securities
                                                                            Amortized Cost
                                                       --------------------------------------------------------
                                                                         After one      After five        After
                                                                          through         through          ten
                                                        Immediate       five years       ten years        years
                                                       ------------     ------------    ------------     ------
                                                                              (In thousands)
   <S>                                                 <C>              <C>             <C>              <C>
   U.S. government agencies                               $   --             --             19,516        4,990
   State and political subdivisions                           --            230              1,361        1,800
   Mortgage-backed securities                                 --            487             11,225       38,275
   Collateralized mortgage obligations                        --             --              4,078       48,051
   Asset-backed securities                                    --             --              1,293           --
   Equity securities                                       1,609             --                 --           --
                                                           -----            ---             ------       ------
     Total investment securities available for
         sale                                             $1,609            717             37,473       93,116
                                                           =====            ===             ======       ======
</TABLE>
                                     -18-

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                              Weighted Average Yields of Available for Sale
                                                                          Investment Securities
                                                        -------------------------------------------------------
                                                                          After one      After five       After
                                                                           through         through         ten
                                                         Immediate       five years       ten years       years
                                                        ------------     ------------    ------------    ------

     <S>                                                <C>              <C>             <C>             <C>
     U.S. government agencies                                --%              --%            6.21%        5.94%
     State and political subdivisions                        --%            6.89%            5.98%        7.03%
     Mortgage-backed securities                              --%            6.45%            5.80%        6.11%
     Collateralized mortgage obligations                     --%              --%            6.36%        6.23%
     Asset-backed securities                                 --%              --%            3.63%          --%

</TABLE>


       Loans

       Total loans were $271,834,000 at December 31, 2001, an increase of
$9,305,000 (3.5%), over total loans of $262,529,000 at December 31, 2000. The
primary growth during 2001 occurred in the commercial real estate mortgage loan
area. The commercial real estate mortgage portfolio increased $22,610,000
(25.3%) to $112,075,000 at December 31, 2001 compared to $89,465,000 at December
31, 2000. The increase was due primarily to increased demand for commercial
credits. Commercial real estate mortgage loans represented 41.2% and 34.1% of
the total loans at December 31, 2001 and 2000, respectively. The residential
real estate mortgage loan component of the loan portfolio decreased $8,322,000
(13.8%) to $51,806,000 at December 31, 2001, over the 2000 balance of
$60,128,000 and represented 19.1% of the total loan portfolio at December 31,
2001, as compared to 22.9% at December 31, 2000.

      The above increases were offset by a decrease in the commercial, financial
and agricultural loans. The commercial, financial and agricultural portfolio
decreased $8,478,000 (11.8%) to $63,158,000 at December 31, 2001 compared to
$71,636,000 at December 31, 2000. Commercial, financial and agricultural loans
represented 23.2% and 27.3% of the total loans at December 31, 2001 and 2000,
respectively.

      In addition to originating mortgage loans for its own portfolio, the
Company also originates residential mortgage loans which are sold in the
secondary market. In addition to selling real estate mortgage loans to the
Federal National Mortgage Association ("FNMA") with the Bank retaining the
servicing, the Bank has arranged with one mortgage servicing company to
originate and sell, without recourse, residential first mortgage real estate
loans, with servicing released. During 2001, the Bank sold mortgage loans
totaling approximately $30,924,000 to FNMA, with the Bank retaining the
servicing, and sold mortgage loans totaling approximately $12,455,000 to the
mortgage servicing company with servicing released. At December 31, 2001, the
Bank was servicing loans totaling approximately $81,845,000. The Bank collects
monthly servicing fees of 0.25% to 0.375% annually of the outstanding balances
of loans serviced for FNMA. See "- EFFECTS OF INFLATION AND CHANGING PRICES."


                                      -19-

<PAGE>

      The following table presents the composition of the loan portfolio by
major categories at the end of the last five years:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                      2001          2000           1999          1998          1997
                                                   ----------    ----------     ----------    ----------    ----------
                                                                             (In thousands)
<S>                                                <C>           <C>            <C>           <C>           <C>
Commercial, financial and agricultural              $ 63,158        71,636         77,236        61,075        46,329
Leases - commercial                                    8,113            --             --            --            --
Real estate - construction:
    Commercial                                         3,562         9,883         16,591         8,112         3,172
    Residential                                        7,932         4,973          5,653         4,544         3,583
Real estate - mortgage:
    Commercial                                       112,075        89,465         75,285        61,113        51,714
    Residential                                       51,806        60,128         58,350        60,135        58,645
Real estate - held for sale                            9,531         7,534          7,636         4,200         3,467
Consumer installment                                  15,657        18,910         19,855        19,508        18,583
                                                    --------       -------        -------       -------       -------
       Total loans                                  $271,834       262,529        260,606       218,687       185,493

Less: Allowance for loan losses                       (5,340)       (3,634)        (3,774)       (2,808)       (2,125)
                                                    --------      --------        -------       -------       -------
       Loans, net                                   $266,494       258,895        256,832       215,879       183,368
                                                    ========      ========        =======       =======       =======
</TABLE>

      The following table presents maturities by major loan classifications and
the sensitivity of loans to changes in interest rates within each maturity
category at December 31, 2001:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                     Maturities of Loan Portfolio
                                                       ---------------------------------------------------------
                                                                           After one        After
                                                          Within           through          five
                                                         one year         five years        years         Total
                                                       ------------      -----------     ----------    ---------
                                                                            (In thousands)
   <S>                                                 <C>                <C>            <C>           <C>
   Commercial, financial and agricultural                  $36,650           23,238          3,270        63,158
   Leases - commercial                                          --            7,071          1,042         8,113
   Real estate - construction                               11,424               70             --        11,494
   Real estate - mortgage                                   15,899           57,597         90,385       163,881
   Real estate - held for sale                                  --               50          9,481         9,531
   Consumer installment                                      6,427            8,291            939        15,657
                                                           -------           ------        -------       -------
         Total loans                                       $70,400           96,317        105,117       271,834
                                                           =======           ======        =======       =======

   Variable-rate loans                                     $37,138           12,847         78,285       128,270
   Fixed-rate loans                                         33,262           83,470         26,832       143,564
                                                           -------           ------        -------       -------
         Total loans                                       $70,400           96,317        105,117       271,834
                                                           =======           ======        =======       =======
</TABLE>


      Allowance for Loan Losses and Risk Elements

      Interest on loans is normally accrued from the date an advance is made.
The performance of loans is evaluated primarily on the basis of a review of each
customer relationship over a period of time and the judgment of lending officers
as to the ability of borrowers to meet the repayment terms of loans. If there is
reasonable doubt as to the repayment of a loan in accordance with the agreed
terms, the loan may be placed on a nonaccrual basis pending the sale of any
collateral or a determination as to whether sources of repayment exist. This
action may be taken even though the financial condition of the borrower or the
collateral may be sufficient ultimately to reduce or satisfy the

                                      -20-

<PAGE>


obligation. Generally, when a loan is placed on a nonaccrual basis, all payments
are applied to reduce principal to the extent necessary to eliminate doubt as to
the repayment of the loan. Thereafter, any interest income on a nonaccrual loan
is recognized only on a cash basis.

      The Company's policy generally is to place a loan on nonaccrual status
when it is contractually past due 90 days or more as to payment of principal or
interest. A loan may be placed on nonaccrual status at an earlier date when
concerns exist as to the ultimate collections of principal or interest. At the
time a loan is placed on nonaccrual status, interest previously accrued but not
collected is reversed and charged against current earnings. Loans that are
contractually past due 90 days or more which are well secured and are in the
process of collection generally are not placed on nonaccrual status.

      Lending officers are responsible for the ongoing review and administration
of loans assigned to them. As such, they make the initial identification of
loans which present some difficulty in collection or where circumstances
indicate that the possibility of loss exists. The responsibilities of the
lending officers include the collection effort on a delinquent loan. To
strengthen internal controls in the collection of delinquencies, senior
management and the Directors' Loan Committee are informed of the status of
delinquent and "watch" or problem loans on a monthly basis. Senior management
reviews the allowance for loan losses and makes recommendations to the
Directors' Loan Committee as to loan charge-offs on a monthly basis.

      The allowance for loan losses represents management's assessment of the
risk associated with extending credit and its evaluation of the quality of the
loan portfolio. Management analyzes the loan portfolio to determine the adequacy
of the allowance for loan losses and the appropriate provision required to
maintain a level considered adequate to absorb anticipated loan losses. In
assessing the adequacy of the allowance, management reviews the size, quality
and risk of loans in the portfolio. Management also considers such factors as
the Bank's loan loss experience, the amount of past due and nonperforming loans,
specific known risks, the status and amount of nonperforming assets, underlying
collateral values securing loans, current and anticipated economic conditions
and other factors which affect the allowance for loan losses. An analysis of the
credit quality of the loan portfolio and the adequacy of the allowance for loan
losses is prepared by the Bank's Credit Administration area and presented to the
Directors' Loan Committee on a monthly basis. In addition, the Bank has engaged
outside loan review consultants, on a semi-annual basis, to perform an
independent review of the quality of the loan portfolio and the adequacy of the
allowance.

      The Bank's allowance for loan losses is also subject to regulatory
examinations and determinations as to adequacy, which may take into account such
factors as the methodology used to calculate the allowance for loan losses and
the size of the allowance for loan losses in comparison to a group of peer banks
identified by the regulators. During their routine examinations of banks, the
Federal Reserve and the Alabama Superintendent of Banks may require a bank to
make additional provisions to its allowance for loan losses when, in the opinion
of the regulators, credit evaluations and allowance for loan loss methodology
differ materially from those of management. See "SUPERVISION AND REGULATION."

      While it is the Bank's policy to charge off in the current period loans
for which a loss is considered probable, there are additional risks of future
losses which cannot be quantified precisely or attributed to particular loans or
classes of loans. Because these risks include the state of the economy,
management's judgment as to the adequacy of the allowance is necessarily
approximate and imprecise.

                                      -21-

<PAGE>

      The following table summarizes the levels of the allowance for loan losses
at the end of the last five years and activity in the allowance during such
years:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                             Allowance for Loan Loss Activity for Year ended
                                                                              December 31
                                                    ------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                      2001         2000           1999          1998         1997
                                                      ----         ----           ----          ----         ----
                                                                         (Dollars in thousands)
<S>                                                 <C>            <C>           <C>            <C>          <C>
Balance at beginning of period                      $3,634        3,775          2,808        2,125          2,094
Provision for loan losses                            3,555        2,622          2,506          891            285
Charge-offs:
    Commercial, financial, and agricultural          1,268          943          1,018           42            146
    Real estate                                        512        1,113            277           --              1
    Consumer                                           190        1,059            336          272            173
                                                    ------        -----          -----        -----          -----
        Total charge-offs                            1,970        3,115          1,631          314            320
                                                    ------        -----          -----        -----          -----
Recoveries:
    Commercial, financial and agricultural              40          250              5            7             15
    Real estate                                         11           11              1            2              3
    Consumer                                            70           91             86           97             48
                                                    ------        -----          -----        -----          -----
        Total recoveries                               121          352             92          106             66
                                                    ------        -----          -----        -----          -----

Net charge-offs (recoveries)                         1,849        2,763          1,539          208            254
                                                    ------        -----          -----        -----          -----
Balance at end of period                            $5,340        3,634          3,775        2,808          2,125
                                                    ======        =====          =====        =====          =====

Ratio of allowance for loan losses to loans
  outstanding                                         1.96%        1.38%          1.45%        1.28%          1.15%
Ratio of allowance for loan losses to
  nonaccrual loans, renegotiated loans, and
  other nonperforming assets                         47.52%       41.93%         57.34%       61.14%             --
Ratio of net charge-offs (recoveries) to
  average loans outstanding                           0.70%        1.06%          0.63%        0.10%          0.15%
</TABLE>

     The allowance for loan losses was $5,340,000 (1.96% of total outstanding
loans) at December 31, 2001, compared to $3,634,000 (1.38% of total outstanding
loans) at December 31, 2000. This allowance reflects, in part, continued
deterioration in certain problem loans identified in previous years and
increased losses estimated based on continued reviews of the loan portfolio by
an independent consultant in 2001, as well as management's more detailed
evaluations, estimates and judgements regarding various identified credits. In
addition, in December 2000, the Board contracted this independent loan review
services provider to undertake and complete a review of the Bank's portfolio and
to assist the Bank's management in assessing the adequacy of the Bank's
allowance for loan losses. Management considered the results of such third party
review in determining the provision for loan losses for 2001 and the fourth
quarter of 2000. In addition to semi-annual loan reviews, starting in 2001, this
loan review services provider has assisted in implementing new policies and
procedures for the loan process. The Bank's more rigorous internal reviews and
changes in its credit practices, may result in additions to the allowance for
loan losses, and the identification of additional potential problem loans.

      The Bank has been engaged in enhanced reviews of its loan approval and
credit grading processes. The Bank has sought to better price its loans
consistent with its costs of funds and its assessment of potential credit risk.
This has had the effect of slowing the Bank's loan growth.

      During 2001, the Company had loan charge-offs totaling $1,970,000 and
recoveries of $121,000, as compared to $3,115,000 in charge-offs and recoveries
of $352,000 in the prior year. The reduced levels of charge-offs primarily
related to several large commercial loans in various industries which were
identified in 2000 as problem credits in the reviews and examinations as
discussed above.

                                      -22-

<PAGE>

      Management believes that the $5,340,000 allowance for loan losses at
December 31, 2001 (1.96% of total outstanding loans), is adequate to absorb
known risks in the portfolio at such date. However, no assurance can be given
that adverse economic circumstances, generally, including current economic
events, or other events, including additional loan review or examination
findings or changes in borrowers' financial conditions, will not result in
increased losses in the Bank's loan portfolio or in additional provisions to the
allowance for loan losses. The Bank does not currently allocate its allowance
for loan losses among its various classifications of loans. The increase in the
ratio of the allowance for loan losses to nonperforming assets between year-end
2000 and year-end 2001 was primarily due to an increase in the provision for
loan losses. The decrease in the ratio of the allowance for loan losses to
nonperforming assets between year-end 1999 and year-end 2000 was primarily due
to an increase in charge-offs not fully offset by an increase in provision for
loan losses.

      While management recognizes that there is more risk traditionally
associated with commercial and consumer lending as compared to real estate
mortgage lending, the Bank currently has a tiered approach to determine the
adequacy of its allowance for loan losses. This methodology focuses on the
determination of the specific and general loss allowances for certain loans
classified as problem credits and uses a five-year historical loss factor to
determine the loss allocation for the remainder of the loan portfolio as opposed
to allocations based on major loan categories. Level I includes specific
allowances that have been reserved for impaired loans where management has
identified specific losses. Level II allowances are set aside to cover general
losses associated with problem loans which possess more than a normal degree of
credit risk, but where no specific losses have been identified. These loans have
been criticized or classified by the Bank's regulators, external loan review
personnel engaged by the Bank, or internally by management. The five-year
historical loss factors, subject to certain minimum percentages considering
regulatory guidelines, are applied to the Level II problem loans in determining
the allocation. Level III is the allowance for the balance of the loan
portfolio. The loans in this tier consist of all loans that are not classified
as Level I or Level II problem credits, and less risk-free loans. Risk-free
loans are defined as loans fully secured by cash or cash equivalents, readily
marketable collateral, and portions of the portfolio that are partially covered
by a U.S. Government or government agency guaranty. Adjustments are then made
for local economic conditions. The allocation for Level III is determined by
applying the historical loss factor, derived from prior years actual experience,
to the adjusted outstanding balance for this classification. At December 31,
2001, the allowance for loan losses was allocated to approximately $1.3 million
for impaired loans (Level 1), approximately $2.0 million for criticized and
classified loans (Level II) and approximately $1.7 million for the general
reserve (Level III).

      On January 1, 1995, the Company adopted Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards No. 114, "Accounting by Creditors for Impairment of a Loan" ("SFAS No.
114") and Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 118, "Accounting by
Creditors for Impairment of a Loan-Income Recognition and Disclosures" ("SFAS
No. 118"), which amends SFAS No. 114, with no material effect on its financial
condition or results of operations. At December 31, 2001, the Company had
approximately $10,164,000 of impaired loans, which included 22 loans to 10
borrowers with a total valuation allowance of approximately $1,413,000. In
comparison, at December 31, 2000, the Company had approximately $8,356,000 of
impaired loans, which included 35 loans to 10 borrowers with a total valuation
allowance of approximately $529,000.

      Nonperforming Assets

      Nonperforming assets consist of loans on nonaccrual status, loans that
have been renegotiated at terms more favorable to the borrower than those for
similar credits, real estate and other assets acquired in partial or full
satisfaction of loan obligations and accruing loans that are past due 90 days or
more.

      Nonperforming assets were $12,706,000, $8,695,000, and $6,853,000 at
December 31, 2001, 2000, and 1999, respectively. These levels represent an
increase of $4,011,000 (46.1%) for the year ended December 31, 2001, and an
increase of $1,842,000 (26.9%) for the year ended December 31, 2000. The
increases in 2001 and 2000 were mainly due to an increase in nonaccrual loans
due to a deterioration in certain loans determined by recent analyses

                                      -23-

<PAGE>

and loan reviews. In addition, accruing loans 90 days or more past due increased
significantly. This increase is mainly due to one large loan which was placed on
nonaccrual in the first quarter of 2002.

      An analysis of the components of nonperforming assets at the end of the
last five years is presented in the following table:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                            Nonperforming Assets
                                                                                December 31,
                                                           ---------------------------------------------------------
                                                           2001         2000         1999        1998        1997
                                                           ----         ----         ----        ----        ----
                                                                           (Dollars in thousands)
<S>                                                       <C>            <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>

Nonaccrual loans                                          $  10,211        7,793       6,075       4,593         --
Renegotiated loans                                               --           --          --          --         --
Other nonperforming assets (primarily other real
  estate)                                                     1,026          874         509          --         --
Accruing loans 90 days or more past due                       1,469           28         269         304        276
                                                              -----           --         ---         ---        ---

        Total nonperforming assets                        $  12,706        8,695       6,853       4,897        276
                                                             ======        =====       =====       =====        ===

Nonaccrual loans and renegotiated loans as a
  percentage of total loans                                   3.76%        2.97%       2.33%       2.10%         --
Nonaccrual loans, renegotiated loans and other
  nonperforming assets as a percentage of total
  loans                                                       4.13%        3.30%       2.53%       2.10%         --
Total nonperforming assets as a percentage of
  total loans                                                 4.67%        3.31%       2.63%       2.24%       0.15%
</TABLE>

      If nonaccrual loans had performed in accordance with their original
contractual terms, interest income would have increased approximately $528,000,
$826,000, and $428,000 for the years ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999
respectively.

      Other Potential Problem Loans

      Potential problem loans consist of those loans where management has
serious doubts as to the borrower's ability to comply with the present loan
repayment terms. At December 31, 2001, the Company had identified 117 loans
totaling approximately $10,379,000 or 3.8% of total loans which were considered
potential problem loans. At December 31, 2000, the Company had identified 120
loans totaling approximately $8,826,000 or 3.4% of total loans which were
considered potential problem loans. Such loans have been considered in the
determination of the Level II allowance previously discussed.

      Deposits

      Total deposits increased $54,027,000 (17.1%) to $369,668,000 at December
31, 2001, as compared to $315,641,000 at December 31, 2000. Noninterest-bearing
deposits were $48,544,000 and $43,292,000 while total interest-bearing deposits
were $321,124,000 and $272,349,000 at December 31, 2001 and 2000, respectively.
This trend is the result of management's decision to maintain a competitive
position in its deposit rate structure coupled with the Bank's marketing efforts
to attract local deposits and fund its loan growth. At December 31, 2001, as a
percentage of total deposits, noninterest-bearing accounts comprised
approximately 13.1%, while MMDAs, NOWs and regular savings made up approximately
39.0%, certificates of deposit under $100,000 comprised approximately 23.8%, and
certificates of deposit and other time deposits of $100,000 or more comprised
24.1%. At December 31, 2000, as a percentage of total deposits,
noninterest-bearing accounts comprised approximately 13.7%, while MMDAs, NOWs
and regular savings made up approximately 35.2%, certificates of deposit under
$100,000 comprised

                                      -24-

<PAGE>


approximately 25.7%, and certificates of deposit and other time deposits of
$100,000 or more comprised 25.4%.

      The composition of total deposits for the last three years is presented in
the following table:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                          December 31,
                                        ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                 2001                         2000                         1999
                                                 ----                         ----                         ----
                                                      % Change                     % Change                    % Change
                                                     from prior                   from prior                   from prior
                                        Amount        year end        Amount       year end        Amount      year end
                                        ------        --------        ------       --------        ------      --------
                                                                     (Dollars in thousands)
<S>                                   <C>            <C>              <C>         <C>              <C>          <C>
Demand deposits                       $   48,544        12.54%          43,292       11.38%          38,868       11.93%
Interest bearing deposits:
  NOWs                                    59,705        61.83%          36,894        8.55%          33,987       57.30%
  MMDAs                                   70,999        13.61%          62,496        5.53%          59,219       40.09%
  Savings                                 13,703        17.45%          11,667        1.51%          11,493        9.08%
  Certificates of deposit under
     $100,000                             87,821         8.19%          81,174       11.94%          72,517        0.13%
   Certificates of deposit and
     other time deposits of
     $100,000 and over                    88,896        10.96%          80,118        1.88%          78,638       51.39%
                                         -------        ------         -------        -----         -------       ------
  Total interest bearing deposits        321,124        17.91%         272,349        6.45%         255,854       28.71%
                                         -------        ------         -------        -----         -------       ------
      Total deposits                  $  369,668        17.17%         315,641        7.10%         294,722       26.22%
                                         =======        ======         =======        =====         =======       ======
</TABLE>


      The average balances outstanding and the average rates paid for certain
categories of deposits at the end of the last three years are disclosed in the
"Consolidated Average Balances, Interest Income/Expense and Yields/Rates" table
immediately following:

                                      -25-


<PAGE>

AUBURN NATIONAL BANCORPORATION, INC. & SUBSIDIARIES
Consolidated Average Balances, Interest Income/Expense and Yields/Rates
Taxable Equivalent Basis
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                   For the Years Ended December 31,
                                                          -------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                         2001                                2000
                                                          --------------------------------     ------------------------------
                                                           Average                 Yield/      Average                Yield/
                                  ASSETS                   Balance     Interest     Rate       Balance     Interest    Rate
                                                           -------     --------    ------      -------     --------   ------
                                                                                 (Dollars in thousands)
<S>                                                       <C>          <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>        <C>
Interest-earning assets:
    Loans (1)                                             $ 264,948     21,418       8.08%      261,499     22,707     8.68%
    Investment securities:
        Taxable                                             119,288      7,735       6.48%       97,007      6,827     7.04%
        Tax-exempt (2)                                        1,950        139       7.15%        1,160         85     7.31%
                                                           --------------------                --------------------
                Total investment securities                 121,238      7,874       6.49%       98,167      6,912     7.04%
    Federal funds sold                                       15,857        530       3.34%        8,086        495     6.12%
    Interest-earning deposits with other banks                2,395        107       4.47%        1,754        142     8.10%
                                                           --------------------                --------------------
                Total interest-earning assets               404,438     29,929       7.40%      369,506     30,256     8.19%
Allowance for loan losses                                    (4,441)                             (3,854)
Cash and due from banks                                      11,918                              10,790
Premises and equipment                                        3,241                               3,231
Rental property, net                                          1,568                               1,623
Other assets                                                 11,599                              10,261
                                                           ---------                           ---------
                Total assets                              $ 428,323                             391,557
                                                           =========                           =========

                 LIABILITIES & STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

Interest-bearing liabilites:
    Deposits:
        Demand                                            $  45,104      1,165       2.58%       35,051      1,158     3.30%
        Savings and money market                             77,286      2,658       3.44%       79,332      3,968     5.00%
        Certificates of deposits less than $100,000          84,988      5,106       6.01%       78,199      5,180     6.62%
        Certificates of deposits and other time
           deposits of $100,000 or more                      85,362      4,182       4.90%       79,059      4,543     5.75%
                                                           --------------------                --------------------
            Total interest-bearing deposits                 292,740     13,111       4.48%      271,641     14,849     5.47%
    Federal funds purchased and securities sold
        under agreements to repurchase                        3,233        117       3.62%        5,344        313     5.86%
    Other borrowed funds                                     50,428      2,809       5.57%       44,447      2,480     5.58%
                                                           --------------------                --------------------
            Total interest-bearing liabilities              346,401     16,037       4.63%      321,432     17,642     5.49%
Noninterest-bearing deposits                                 42,328                              37,863
Accrued expenses and other liabilities                        5,439                               3,004
Stockholders' equity                                         34,155                              29,258
                                                          ----------                           ---------
            Total liabilities and stockholders' equity    $ 428,323                             391,557
                                                          ==========                           =========
Net interest income                                                    $13,892                             $12,614
                                                                      =========                           =========
Net yield on total interest-earning assets                                           3.43%                             3.41%
                                                                                    ======                            ======
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>





                                                          For the Years Ended December 31,
                                                          --------------------------------
                                                                        1999
                                                          --------------------------------
                                                             Average               Yield/
                            ASSETS                           Balance   Interest     Rate
                            ------                           -------   --------    ------
                                                                (Dollars in thousands)
<S>                                                         <C>         <C>
Interest-earning assets:
    Loans (1)                                                243,938     20,393     8.36%
    Investment securities:
        Taxable                                               70,842      4,551     6.42%
        Tax-exempt (2)                                         1,515        112     7.40%
                                                            --------------------
                Total investment securities                   72,357      4,663     6.44%
    Federal funds sold                                         6,796        347     5.11%
    Interest-earning deposits with other banks                 1,940        113     5.82%
                                                            --------------------
                Total interest-earning assets                325,031     25,516     7.85%
Allowance for loan losses                                     (3,093)
Cash and due from banks                                        9,833
Premises and equipment                                         3,482
Rental property, net                                           1,727
Other assets                                                   6,729
                                                            ---------
                Total assets                                 343,709
                                                            =========

                 LIABILITIES & STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

Interest-bearing liabilites:
    Deposits:
        Demand                                                26,795        658     2.46%
        Savings and money market                              69,787      2,958     4.24%
        Certificates of deposits less than $100,000           70,934      4,118     5.81%
        Certificates of deposits and other time
           deposits of $100,000 or more                       62,700      3,147     5.02%
                                                            --------------------
            Total interest-bearing deposits                  230,216     10,881     4.73%
    Federal funds purchased and securities sold
        under agreements to repurchase                         6,832        336     4.92%
    Other borrowed funds                                      39,236      2,132     5.43%
                                                            --------------------
            Total interest-bearing liabilities               276,284     13,349     4.83%
Noninterest-bearing deposits                                  35,417
Accrued expenses and other liabilities                         2,371
Stockholders' equity                                          29,637
                                                            ---------
            Total liabilities and stockholders' equity       343,709
                                                            =========
Net interest income                                                     $12,167
                                                                       =========
Net yield on total interest-earning assets                                          3.74%
                                                                                   ======

-------------
(1) Loans on nonaccural status have been included in the computation of average balances.
(2) Yields on tax-exempt securities have been computed on a tax-equivalent basis using an income tax rate of 34%.
</TABLE>

<PAGE>


      The following table presents the maturities of certificates of deposit and
other time deposits of $100,000 or more:

                                     Maturities of Time Deposits over $100,000
                                                December 31, 2001
                                                -----------------
                                                 (In thousands)

Three months or less .........................  $21,042
After three within six months ................   12,863
After six within twelve months ...............   17,628
After twelve months ..........................   37,363
                                                 ------
    Total ....................................  $88,896
                                                 ======

Weighted Average rate on time deposits
    of $100,000 or more at period-end ........     4.57%



     Schedule of Short-term Borrowings (1)

      The following table shows the maximum amount of short-term borrowings and
the average and year-end amount of borrowings, as well as interest rates.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                         Maximum                                                                 Weighted
    Year ended       Outstanding at        Average        Interest Rate        Ending        Average Interest
   December 31        any Month-end        Balance         During Year        Balance        Rate at Year-end
   -----------        -------------        -------         -----------        -------        ----------------
                                            (Dollars in thousands)
<S>                   <C>                  <C>             <C>                <C>              <C>

       2001              $10,136            $3,178            3.40%           $10,136             1.75%
       2000                6,746             4,678            6.69%             4,389             5.95%
       1999               13,548             6,832            4.92%             8,866             5.30%
</TABLE>


(1) Consists of securities sold under agreements to repurchase.


     Other Borrowed Funds and Contractual Obligations

     Other borrowed funds consist of Federal Home Loan Bank advances and notes
payable. The following table outlines the Company's other borrowed funds and
contractual obligations as of December 31, 2001:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                Payments Due by Period

                                   Total      Less than one year    One to five years   After five years
                                              ------------------    -----------------   ----------------
  Long-term debt:                                                    (In thousands)
<S>                                <C>         <C>                  <C>                 <C>

  FHLB advances                    53,403                   118               5,098              48,187
  Notes payable                       178                    24                 154                  --
                                   ------                   ---               -----              ------
  Total                            53,581                   142               5,252              48,187
</TABLE>


     The Company has operating leases for certain bank premises and equipment
primarily including computer equipment and copiers. In 2001, the Company paid
$151,000 and $220,000 in premises and equipment leases, respectively.

     Off-Balance Sheet Commitments

      The Company is a party to financial instruments with off-balance-sheet
risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of its
customers. These financial instruments include commitments to extend credit and
standby letters of

                                      -27-

<PAGE>


credit. Such instruments involve elements of credit risk in excess of the
amounts recognized in the consolidated financial statements.

     The Company's exposure to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the
other party to these financial instruments is represented by the contractual
amount of these instruments. The Company uses the same credit policies in making
commitments and conditional obligations as it does for on-balance-sheet
instruments.

       The financial instruments whose contract amounts represent credit risk as
of December 31, 2001 are as follows:

       Commitments to extend credit                   $36,931,000
       Standby letters of credit                        7,350,000

       Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long
as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract.
Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses
and may require payment of a fee. Since many of the commitments are expected to
expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily
represent future cash requirements.

       Standby letters of credit are commitments issued by the Company to
guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. Those guarantees are
primarily issued to support public and private borrowing arrangements. All
guarantees expire within one year. The credit risk involved in issuing letters
of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending loan facilities
to customers. The Company holds various assets as collateral supporting those
commitments for which collateral is deemed necessary.

     Capital Resources

     The Company's consolidated stockholders' equity was $35,834,000 and
$31,805,000 at December 31, 2001 and 2000, respectively, an increase of
$4,029,000 (12.7%) since year-end 2000. The increase in stockholders' equity for
2001 is due to an increase in the accumulated other comprehensive income due to
unrealized gain on investment securities available for sale and net earnings
offset by cash dividends for 2001. The Company has funded its capital growth
primarily through retained earnings since its early 1995 sale of common stock
that raised approximately $1,234,000 of net proceeds to the Company.

     During 2001, cash dividends of $1,563,000 or $0.40 per share, were declared
on the Common Stock as compared to $1,570,000 or $0.40 per share, in 2000. The
Company plans to continue a dividend payout policy that provides cash returns to
its investors and allows the Company to maintain adequate capital to support
future growth and capital adequacy; however, the Company is dependent on
dividends from the Bank as discussed subsequently. Management believes that a
strong capital position is important to the continued profitability of the
Company and provides a foundation for future growth as well as promoting
depositor and investor confidence in the institution. See "SUPERVISION AND
REGULATION."

     Certain financial ratios for the Company for the last three years are
presented in the following table:

                                                    Equity and Asset Ratios
                                                          December 31,
                                                    2001     2000     1999
                                                  -------  -------   -------

       Return on average assets                    1.07%    0.77%     0.85%
       Return on average equity                   13.40%   10.30%     9.86%
       Dividend payout ratio                      34.19%   51.28%    43.24%
       Average equity to average asset ratio       7.97%    7.47%     8.62%

         The Bank is subject to various regulatory capital requirements
administered by the federal banking agencies and the Alabama Superintendent of
Banks. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can initiate certain
mandatory actions, and possibly additional discretionary actions by regulators
that, if undertaken, could have a direct material effect on the Company's
financial statements. Under capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory
framework for prompt corrective action, the Bank must meet specific capital
guidelines that involve quantitative measures of the Bank's assets, liabilities
and certain off-balance-sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting
practices. The capital amounts and classification of

                                      -28-

<PAGE>


the Bank are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about
components, risk weightings and other factors. Management believes, as of
December 31, 2001, that the Bank meets all capital adequacy requirements to
which it is subject. See "SUPERVISION AND REGULATION."

      The following table sets forth the Bank's actual capital levels and the
related required capital levels at December 31, 2001:

                                    Actual                  Required
                                    Capital      Actual      Capital   Required
                                    Amount       Ratio       Amount     Ratio
                                              (Dollars in thousands)

Tier 1 risk-based capital         $ 31,528      10.45%      $ 12,072      > 4%
                                                                          -
Leverage ratio                      31,528       6.92%        18,760     3 - 5%
Total risk-based capital            35,320      11.70%        24,144      > 8%
                                                                          -

      Liquidity

      Liquidity is the Company's ability to convert assets into cash equivalents
in order to meet daily cash flow requirements, primarily for deposit
withdrawals, loan demand, and maturing liabilities. Without proper management,
the Company could experience higher costs of obtaining funds due to insufficient
liquidity, while excessive liquidity can lead to a decline in earnings due to
the cost of foregoing alternative higher-yielding investment opportunities.

      At the Bank, asset liquidity is provided primarily through cash, the
repayment and maturity of investment securities, and the sale and repayment of
loans.

      Sources of liability liquidity include customer deposits, federal funds
purchased and investment securities sold under agreements to repurchase.
Although deposit growth historically has been a primary source of liquidity,
such balances may be influenced by changes in the banking industry, interest
rates available on other investments, general economic conditions, competition
and other factors. The Bank has participated in the FHLB-Atlanta's advance
program to obtain funding for its growth. Advances include both fixed and
variable terms and are taken out with varying maturities. This line is
collateralized by a blanket lien against the Bank's one to four family
residential mortgage loans and investment securities. At December 31, 2001, the
Bank had $53,403,000 in advances drawn down from FHLB-Atlanta.

      Overall, net cash provided from financing activities increased $43,002,000
(217.9%) to $62,733,000 during 2001 from the previous year's total of
$19,731,000. Net cash used by operating activities increased $9,240,000 (169.2%)
to $3,779,000 from net cash provided of $5,461,000 for the year ended December
31, 2001. Cash provided in investing activities during 2001 approximated
$46,023,000.

      The Company depends mainly on dividends, management fees and lease
payments from the Bank, for its liquidity. The Company only receives cash
dividends from the Bank if the cash flow from other sources is not sufficient to
maintain a positive cash flow, also giving consideration to regulatory
restrictions. Accordingly, the Bank paid the Company $1,850,000, $1,660,000, and
$855,000 in cash dividends for 2001, 2000, and 1999 respectively. The Company
provides services to the Bank for which it is paid a management fee comparable
to a third-party vendor. In addition, the Bank leases premises and equipment
from the Company for its operations. Leases between the Bank and the Company are
based on the same terms and conditions as leases to outside third parties
leasing space in the same building. The Bank paid the Company $27,000 and
$170,000 in management fees for the years ended December 31, 2001 and 2000,
respectively and $204,000 in lease payments for the years ended December 31,
2001 and 2000. These funds were used to pay operating expenses and fund
dividends to the Company's shareholders. In addition, the Bank makes transfers
to the Company, under its Tax Sharing Agreement, for payment of consolidated tax
obligations. The Tax Sharing Agreement calls for the allocation of the
consolidated tax liability or benefit between the Company and each subsidiary
based on their individual tax positions as if each entity filed a separate tax
return.

      The Bank has reduced its loan to deposit ratio to 73.53% at December 31,
2001 from 88.42% at December 31, 1999 and 83.17% at December 31, 2000. The Bank
has been monitoring its liquidity, and has sought to better price its loans
consistent with its costs of funds and the Bank's assessment of potential credit
risk. This process has slowed and is expected to continue to slow the Bank's
loan growth and related loan revenues.

                                      -29-

<PAGE>


      Interest Rate Sensitivity Management

      An integral part of the funds management of the Company and the Bank is to
maintain a reasonably balanced position between interest rate sensitive assets
and liabilities. The Bank's Asset/Liability Management Committee ("ALCO") is
charged with the responsibility of managing, to the degree prudently possible,
its exposure to "interest rate risk," while attempting to provide earnings
enhancement opportunities. The dollar difference between rate sensitive assets
and liabilities for a given period of time is referred to as the rate sensitive
gap ("GAP"). A GAP ratio is calculated by dividing rate sensitive assets by rate
sensitive liabilities. Due to the nature of the Bank's balance sheet structure
and the market approach to pricing of liabilities, management and the Board of
Directors recognize that achieving a perfectly matched GAP position in any given
time frame would be extremely rare. ALCO has determined that an acceptable level
of interest rate risk would be for net interest income to fluctuate no more than
5.0% given a change in selected interest rates of up or down 200 basis points
over any 12-month period. Using an increase of 200 basis points and a decrease
of 200 basis points, at December 31, 2001, the Bank's net interest income would
decrease approximately 1.63% in a rising rate environment and decrease
approximately 2.53% in a falling rate environment. Interest rate scenario models
are prepared using software created and licensed by The Bankers Bank.

      For purposes of measuring interest rate sensitivity, Company management
provides growth assumptions to incorporate over the 12-month period. Although
demand and savings accounts are subject to immediate withdrawal, all passbook
savings and regular NOW accounts are reflected in the model as repricing based
on The Bankers Bank model standards. For repricing GAP, these accounts are
repricing immediately. For liquidity GAP, the following decay rates are used:

             1 Year     2-3 Years      4-5 Years    5-15 Years     16-30 Years
 Savings       34%         36%             16%           12%            2%
 NOW           41%         38%             13%            8%
 MMDA          49%         38%             10%            3%

      Certificates of deposit are spread according to their contractual
maturity. Investment securities and loans reflect either the contractual
maturity, call date, repricing date, or in the case of mortgage related
products, a market prepayment assumption.

                                      -30-

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                       Interest Sensitivity Analysis
                                                                                                  Over Five
                                                                One to       Four to     One to   Years and
                                                                 Three       Twelve       Five    Non-rate
December 31, 2001                                   Immediate   Months       Months       Years   Sensitive     Total
                                                    ---------   ------       ------      ------   ---------     -----
                                                                                 (In thousands)
<S>                                                  <C>       <C>          <C>          <C>      <C>           <C>
Earning Assets:
---------------
Loans                                                $    --     87,577       34,832     122,816    26,609      271,834
Taxable investment securities                             --      9,556       25,956      74,381    37,960      147,853
Tax-exempt investment securities                          --         --          504         558     2,559        3,621
Federal funds sold and securities purchased
under agreements to resell                            13,721         --           --          --        --       13,721
Interest earning deposits with other banks               854         --           --          --        --          854
                                                     -------   --------     --------     -------    ------      -------
Total earning assets                                  14,575     97,133       61,292     197,755    67,128      437,883
                                                     -------   --------     --------     -------    ------      -------

Interest bearing liabilities:
-----------------------------
Demand deposits                                           --      4,855       11,165      25,242     7,282       48,544
Savings and money market                                  --    144,407           --          --        --      144,407
Certificates of deposit less than $100,000                --     32,469       38,121      17,231        --       87,821
Certificates of deposit and other time
   deposits of $100,000 or more                           --     33,609       29,249      26,037        --       88,895
Federal funds purchased and securities sold
   under agreements to repurchase                     10,135         --           --          --        --       10,135
FHLB and other borrowings                                 --     13,036        5,107      35,252       186       53,581
                                                     -------   --------     --------     -------    ------      -------
Total interest bearing liabilities                    10,135    228,376       83,642     103,762     7,468      433,383
                                                     -------   --------     --------     -------    ------      -------

Interest sensitivity gap                               4,440   (131,243)     (22,350)     93,993    59,660        4,500
                                                     --------  --------     --------     -------    ------      =======
Cumulative interest sensitivity gap                  $ 4,440   (126,803)    (149,153)    (55,160)    4,500
                                                     =======   ========     ========     =======    ======
</TABLE>


      The interest sensitive assets at December 31, 2001, that reprice or mature
within 12 months were $173,000,000 while the interest sensitive liabilities that
reprice or mature within the same time frame were $322,153,000. At December 31,
2001, the 12 month cumulative GAP position, was a negative $149,153,000
resulting in a GAP ratio of 0.54%. This negative GAP indicates that the Company
has more interest-bearing liabilities than interest-earning assets that reprice
within the GAP period.

      The Bank enters into interest rate protection contracts to help manage its
interest rate exposure. These contracts include interest rate swaps, caps and
floors. Interest rate swap transactions involve the exchange of fixed and
floating rate interest payment obligations based on the underlying notional
principal amounts. Interest rate caps and floors are purchased by the Bank for a
non-refundable fixed amount. The Bank receives interest based on the underlying
notional principal amount if the specified index rises above the cap rate or
falls below the floor strike rate. Notional principal amounts are used to
express the volume of these transactions, but because they are never exchanged,
the amounts subject to credit risk are much smaller. Risks associated with
interest rate contracts include interest rate risk and creditworthiness of the
counterparty. These risks are considered in the Bank's overall asset liability
management program. The Bank utilizes periodic financial statements issued by
the counterparty to analyze the creditworthiness of the counterparty prior to
entering into a contract and to monitor changes in the financial condition of
the counterparty throughout the term of the contract. Current contracts are
issued by a securities broker-dealer and were entered into with the purpose of
managing the Bank's interest rate exposure. Although none of the interest rate
protection agreements are traded on any organized exchange, an active secondary
market is available to the Company for such contracts.

      The Bank's Asset Liability Management Policy states that establishing
limits on interest rate swaps, caps, and floors can be somewhat confusing or
misleading since the notional amount by which these instruments are expressed is
never exchanged between counterparties and therefore is not "at risk."
Furthermore, since they represent tools used by ALCO to manage imbalances
in the Bank's balance sheet in a prudent and cost effective manner, the
appropriate volume of swaps for the Bank is not static; it changes with elements
such as the economic environment, the capital position, and the ability to

                                      -31-

<PAGE>

efficiently replicate hedging actions in the cash markets. The Bank endeavors to
limit outstanding notional value of cash contracts executed for purposes of
managing net interest income to 25% of total assets as reported in the most
recent quarterly call report. Notional value of cash contracts executed with one
counterparty are limited to 10% of total assets as reported in the Bank's most
recent quarterly call report.

      In September 1999, the FASB issued Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards No. 137, "Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities
- Deferral of the Effective Date of FASB Statement No. 133 - an amendment of
FASB Statement No. 133" (Statement 137). Statement 133 is now effective for
financial statements for the first fiscal quarters of the fiscal years beginning
after June 15, 2000. The Company adopted Statement 133 on January 1, 2001.
Statement 133 resulted in a $142,000 net of tax cumulative effect of a change in
accounting principle adjustment to the Company's consolidated financial
statements upon adoption. As of December 31, 2001, the Company had the following
derivative instrument:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                          Weighted
                                                                                           Average
                                                                          Weighted        Remaining
                                       Notional  Carrying  Estimated   Average Rate (1)      Life
                                        Amount    Value    Fair Value  Received    Paid    (Years)
                                       --------  --------  ----------  --------    ----   ----------
                                                             (Dollars in thousands)
<S>                                    <C>       <C>       <C>         <C>         <C>     <C>
Swaps:
 Fair value hedge: receive fixed:
  Over one year through five years      5,000      $204      $204        5.68%   4.50%        2.3
</TABLE>

----------------
(1)  The weighted average rates received/paid are shown only for swaps for which
     net interest amounts were receivable or payable at the end of each period.
     Interest rates on variable rate derivative products held by the Bank are
     derived from the 3 month LIBOR rate.

      At December 31, 2001, the $5.0 million interest rate swap was used as a
fair value hedge to convert the interest rate on a like amount of certificates
of deposit with similar terms from fixed to variable rates. The fair value of
this derivative financial instrument is based on dealer quotes and third party
financial models. See "RESULTS OF OPERATIONS - NET INTEREST INCOME."

      Three other interest rate swap contracts which had been used as fair value
hedges of variable rate certificates of deposits with the total notional value
of $20.0 million were terminated during 2001. There was no significant gain or
loss resulting from these terminations. In February 2000, the Bank entered into
an interest rate swap with respect to $10.0 million in variable rate loans. This
agreement allows the Bank to receive fixed-interest payments at 9.80% per annum
and to pay a variable rate equal to prime. The purpose of this contract was to
reduce interest rate exposure to variable rate assets in a low-interest rate
environment. During 2001, the Bank recorded a gain of $199,000 due the change in
fair value of this interest rate swap. This contract, which was not specifically
designated as a hedging instrument, was terminated in 2001 for additional gain
of $34,000.

      Effects of Inflation and Changing Prices

      Inflation generally increases the costs of funds and operating overhead,
and to the extent loans and other assets bear variable rates, the yields on such
assets. Unlike most industrial companies, virtually all of the assets and
liabilities of a financial institution are monetary in nature. As a result,
interest rates generally have a more significant effect on the performance of a
financial institution than the effects of general levels of inflation. In
addition, inflation affects financial institutions' cost of goods and services
purchased, the cost of salaries and benefits, occupancy expense, and similar
items. Inflation and related increases in interest rates generally decrease the
market value of investments and loans held and may adversely affect liquidity,
earnings, and stockholders' equity. Mortgage originations and refinancings tend
to slow as interest rates increase, and such increases likely will reduce the
Company's volume of such activities and the income from the sale of residential
mortgage loans in the secondary market.

                                      -32-

<PAGE>

      Recent Accounting Pronouncements

      In July 2001, the FASB issued SFAS No. 141, Business Combinations and SFAS
No. 142, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets. SFAS No. 141 requires that the
purchase method of accounting be used for all business combinations initiated
after June 30, 2001. SFAS No. 141 also specifies criteria that intangible assets
acquired in a purchase method business combination must meet to be recognized
and reported apart from goodwill. SFAS No. 142 requires that goodwill and
intangible assets with indefinite useful lives no longer be amortized, but
instead tested for impairment at least annually in accordance with the
provisions of SFAS No. 142. SFAS No. 142 also requires that intangible assets
with estimable useful lives be amortized over their respective estimated useful
lives to their estimated residual values and reviewed for impairment in
accordance with SFAS No. 121, Accounting for the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets
and for Long-Lived Assets to be Disposed Of.

      The Company adopted the provisions of SFAS No. 141 effective July 1, 2001,
and adopted the provisions of SFAS No. 142 effective January 1, 2002.

      SFAS No. 141 requires upon the adoption of SFAS No. 142 that the Company
evaluate its existing intangible assets and goodwill that were acquired in prior
purchase business combinations, and make any necessary reclassifications to
conform with the new criteria in SFAS No. 141 for recognition apart from
goodwill. Upon adoption of SFAS No. 142, the Company is required to reassess the
useful lives and residual values of all intangible assets acquired, and make any
necessary amortization period adjustments by the end of the first interim period
after adoption. In addition, to the extent an intangible asset is identified as
having an indefinite useful life, the Company is required to test the intangible
asset for impairment in accordance with the provisions of SFAS No. 142. Any
impairment loss will be measured as of the date of adoption and recognized as
the cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle in the first interim
period. As the Company has no goodwill or significant identifiable intangibles
as of December 31, 2001, the adoption of SFAS No. 142 is not expected to have an
impact on the Company's and Bank's consolidated financial position or results of
operations.

      In August 2001, the FASB issued SFAS No. 143, Accounting for Asset
Retirement Obligations. SFAS No. 143 addresses financial accounting and
reporting for obligations associated with the retirement of tangible long-lived
assets and the related asset retirement costs. SFAS No. 143 applies to all
entities. SFAS No. 143 applies to legal obligations associated with the
retirement of long-lived assets that result from the acquisition, construction,
development and/or the normal operation of a long-lived asset, except for
certain lease obligations.

      SFAS No. 143 is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years
beginning after June 15, 2002. Management does not anticipate the adoption of
SFAS No. 143 to have a material effect on the financial condition or results of
operations of the Company or Bank.

      In October 2001, the FASB issued SFAS No. 144, Accounting for the
Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets. SFAS No. 144 addresses financial
accounting and reporting for the impairment or disposal of long-lived assets.
SFAS No. 144 supersedes SFAS No. 121, Accounting for the Impairment of
Long-Lived Assets and for Long-Lived Assets to Be Disposed Of, and the
accounting and reporting provisions of Accounting Principles Board (APB) Opinion
No. 30, Reporting the Results of Operations - Reporting the Effects of Disposal
of a Segment of a Business, and Extraordinary, Unusual and Infrequently
Occurring Events and Transactions, for the disposal of a segment of a business
(as previously defined in that opinion). This statement also amends Accounting
Research Bulletin No. 51, Consolidated Financial Statements, to eliminate the
exception to consolidation for a subsidiary for which control is likely to be
temporary.

      SFAS No. 144 improves financial reporting by requiring that one accounting
model be used for long-lived assets to be disposed of by sale, whether
previously held and used or newly acquired, and by broadening the presentation
of discontinued operations to include more disposal transactions.

      SFAS No. 144 is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2001, and interim periods within those fiscal
years. The provisions are to be applied prospectively. Management does not
anticipate the adoption of SFAS No. 144 to have a material effect on the
financial condition or results of operations of the Company or Bank.

                                      -33-

<PAGE>

         Results of Operations

      Net Earnings

      Net earnings increased $1,564,000 (51.9%) to $4,578,000 during 2001 from
$3,014,000 for the year ended December 31, 2000. Basic income per share was
$1.17 and $0.77 for 2001 and 2000, respectively, an increase of 52.0%.
Comparatively, net earnings during 2000 increased $92,000 (3.2%) from the 1999
total of $2,922,000, while basic income per share showed a similar increase of
$0.03 per share for 2000 from a 1999 per share total of $0.74.

      The increase in net earnings for 2001 is attributable to higher net
interest income and noninterest income offset by higher provisions for loan
losses and noninterest expense. In addition, net income for first quarter 2001
was significantly impacted by a $1,548,000 gain recorded upon the sale of the
Star Systems, Inc. ATM network in which the Company received ownership in a
publicly traded entity whose shares were issued to the Company in exchange for
its ownership interest in Star Systems, Inc. network. The increase in net
earnings for 2000 is attributable to higher net interest income and noninterest
income offset by higher noninterest expense.

      Net Interest Income

      Net interest income is the difference between the interest the Company
earns on its loans, investment securities and other earning assets and the
interest cost of its deposits, borrowed funds and other interest-bearing
liabilities. This is the primary component of the Company's earnings. Net
interest income was $13,845,000 for the year ended December 31, 2001. This
increase of $1,261,000 (10.0%) over 2000 is due to the increase in average
interest earning assets during 2001 and an increase in the net yield on total
interest earning assets of two basis points to 3.43%.

      Net interest income for 2000 was $12,584,000, $456,000 (3.8%) higher than
1999 net interest income of $12,128,000. This increase over 1999 was due to the
increase in average interest earning assets during 2000 offset by a decrease in
the net yield on total interest earning assets of 33 basis points to 3.41%.

      The Company uses interest rate protection contracts, primarily interest
rate swaps, caps and floors, to protect the yields on earning assets and the
rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities. Such contracts act as hedges against
unfavorable rate changes. The income and expense associated with interest rate
swaps, caps and floors are ultimately reflected as adjustments to the net
interest income or expense of the underlying assets or liabilities. The effect
of such interest rate protection contracts resulted in a net increase in net
interest income of $219,000 for 2001, a net decrease of $18,000 for 2000 and an
increase of $131,000 for 1999. It is the intention of the Company to continue to
utilize interest rate protection contracts to manage exposure to certain future
changes in interest rate environments. However, there can be no assurance that
such transactions will positively affect earnings. See "-- INTEREST RATE
SENSITIVITY MANAGEMENT", the "CONSOLIDATED AVERAGE BALANCES, INTEREST
INCOME/EXPENSE AND YIELDS/RATES" table appearing elsewhere herein and the
"RATE/VOLUME VARIANCE ANALYSIS" tables immediately following.

                                      -34-

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                          Rate/Volume Variance Analysis

         Taxable-Equivalent Basis (1)(2)                            Change Due to
             Years Ended December 31,                    Net                              Rate/
              2001 Compared to 2000                     change      Rate      Volume     Volume
                                                        ------      ----      ------     ------
                                                                    (In thousands)
<S>                                                    <C>          <C>        <C>    <C>

Earning Assets:
   Loans                                                $(1,289)    (1,567)       299      (21)
   Investment securities:
      Taxable                                               908       (537)     1,568     (123)
      Tax-exempt                                             54         (2)        58       (2)
                                                        -------     ------      -----     ----
         Total investment securities                        962       (539)     1,626     (125)
   Federal funds sold                                        35       (225)       476     (216)
   Interest earning deposits with other banks               (35)       (64)        52      (23)
                                                        -------     ------      -----     ----
         Total earning assets                           $  (327)    (2,395)     2,453     (385)
                                                        =======     ======      =====     ====

Interest bearing liabilities:
   Deposits:
     Demand                                             $     7       (253)       332      (72)
     Savings and money market                            (1,310)    (1,240)      (102)      32
     Certificates of deposit less than $100,000             (74)      (482)       450      (42)
     Certificates of deposit and other time
       deposits of $100,000 or more                        (361)      (670)       362      (53)
                                                        -------     ------      -----     ----
         Total interest bearing deposits                 (1,738)    (2,645)     1,042     (135)

   Federal funds purchased and securities sold
       under agreements to repurchase                      (196)      (119)      (124)      47
   Other borrowed funds                                     329         (4)       334       (1)
                                                        -------     ------      -----     ----
       Total interest bearing liabilities               $(1,605)    (2,768)     1,252      (89)
                                                        =======     ======      =====     ====
</TABLE>

-------------
(1)  For analytical purposes, income for tax-exempt assets, primarily securities
     issued by state and local governments or authorities, is adjusted by an
     increment which equates tax-exempt income to interest from taxable assets
     (assuming a 34% effective federal income tax rate).

(2)  The change in interest due to rate is calculated by multiplying the
     previous volume by the rate change and the change in interest due to volume
     is calculated by multiplying the change in volume by the previous rate.
     Changes attributable to both changes in rate and volume are calculated by
     multiplying the change in volume by the change in rate.

                                      -35-

<PAGE>


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                          Rate/Volume Variance Analysis

         Taxable-Equivalent Basis (3)(4)                              Change Due to
             Years Ended December 31,                  Net                              Rate/
              2000 Compared to 1999                   Change       Rate      Volume     Volume
                                                      ------       ----      ------     ------
                                                                     (In thousands)
<S>                                                   <C>          <C>       <C>        <C>
Earning Assets:
   Loans                                               $2,314         789      1,468      57
   Investment securities:
      Taxable                                           2,276         435      1,680     161
      Tax-exempt                                          (27)         (1)       (26)      -
                                                       ------       -----      -----     ---
         Total investment securities                    2,249         434      1,654     161
   Federal funds sold                                     148          69         66      13

   Interest earning deposits with other banks              29          44        (11)     (4)
                                                       ------       -----      -----     ---
         Total earning assets                          $4,740       1,336      3,177     227
                                                       ======       =====      =====     ===

Interest bearing liabilities:
   Deposits:
     Demand                                            $  500         227        203      70
     Savings and money market                           1,010         533        404      73
     Certificates of deposit less than $100,000         1,062         581        422      59
     Certificates of deposit and other time
       deposits of $100,000 or more                     1,396         456        821     119
                                                       ------       -----      -----     ---
         Total interest bearing deposits                3,968       1,797      1,850     321

   Federal funds purchased and securities sold
      under agreements to repurchase                      (23)         64        (73)    (14)
   Other borrowed funds                                   348          57        283       8
                                                       ------       -----      -----     ---
       Total interest bearing liabilities              $4,293       1,918      2,060     315
                                                       ======       =====      =====     ===
</TABLE>

-------------
(3)  For analytical purposes, income for tax-exempt assets, primarily securities
     issued by state and local governments or authorities, is adjusted by an
     increment which equates tax-exempt income to interest from taxable assets
     (assuming a 34% effective federal income tax rate).

(4)  The change in interest due to rate is calculated by multiplying the
     previous volume by the rate change and the change in interest due to volume
     is calculated by multiplying the change in volume by the previous rate.
     Changes attributable to both changes in rate and volume are calculated by
     multiplying the change in volume by the change in rate.

      Interest Income

      Interest income is a function of the volume of interest-earning assets and
their related yields. Interest income was $29,883,000, $30,226,000, and
$25,477,000 for the years ended December 31, 2001, 2000, and 1999, respectively.
Average interest-earning assets increased $34,932,000 (9.5%) during 2001,
$44,475,000 (13.7%) during 2000, and $57,687,000 (21.6%) during 1999, while the
fully taxable equivalent yields on average earning assets decreased 79 basis
points in 2001 after increasing 34 basis points in 2000 and decreasing 29 basis
points in 1999. The combination of these factors resulted in decreases in
interest income of $343,000 (1.1%) for 2001 and increases of $4,749,000 (18.6%)
and $3,757,000 (17.3%) during 2000, and 1999, respectively. See "--CONSOLIDATED
AVERAGE BALANCES, INTEREST INCOME/EXPENSE AND YIELDS/RATES" and THE "RATE/VOLUME
VARIANCE ANALYSIS" tables.

      Loans are the main component of the Bank's earning assets. Interest and
fees on loans were $21,418,000, $22,707,000, and $20,392,000 for the years ended
December 31, 2001, 2000, and 1999, respectively. These levels reflected a
decrease of $1,289,000 (5.7%) during 2001, and increases of $2,315,000 (11.4%)
during 2000, and $2,924,000 (16.7%) during 1999 due to increases in the average
volume outstanding on loans over the past three years. The level of average
balances has

                                      -36-

<PAGE>


grown to $264,948,000 in 2001 from $261,499,000 in 2000 and $243,938,000 for
1999. The fully taxable equivalent yield on loans decreased 60 basis points to
8.08% in 2001, and increased 32 basis points to 8.68% in 2000 from the 1999
average yield of 8.36%.

      Interest income on investment securities increased $944,000 (13.7%) to
$7,827,000 in 2001, following an increase of $2,258,000 (48.8%) to $6,883,000 in
2000 and an increase of $729,000 (18.7%) to $4,625,000 in 1999. The 2001
increase was due to a $23,071,000 increase in average volume outstanding offset
by a decrease in yield of 55 basis points compared to 2000 levels. The 2000
increase was due to a $25,810,000 increase in average volume outstanding and an
increase in yield of 60 basis points compared to 1999 levels. The fully taxable
equivalent yields on investment securities were 6.49% in 2001, 7.04% in 2000,
and 6.44% in 1999. See "FINANCIAL CONDITION--INVESTMENT SECURITIES."

      Interest Expense

      Total interest expense was $16,038,000, $17,642,000 and $13,349,000 for
the years ended December 31, 2001, 2000, and 1999 respectively, representing a
decrease of $1,604,000 (9.1%), during 2001 and increases of $4,293,000 (32.2%)
and $2,160,000 (19.3%) during 2000 and 1999, respectively. Total average
balances outstanding of interest-bearing liabilities have continued an upward
trend over the last three years to $346,401,000 in 2001 from $321,432,000 in
2000 and $276,284,000 in 1999. The rates paid on these liabilities decreased 86
basis points in 2001 to 4.63% after increasing 66 basis points to 5.49% during
2000, and decreasing 19 basis points to 4.83% during 1999.

      Interest on deposits, the primary component of total interest expense,
decreased $1,738,000 to $13,111,000 (11.7%) during 2001 from $14,849,000 in
2000, which in turn represents a $3,968,000 (36.5%) increase from the 1999 level
of $10,881,000. The average balance outstanding of interest-bearing deposits has
increased steadily to the 2001 level of $292,740,000 as compared to $271,641,000
in 2000 and $230,216,000 in 1999. The average rates paid on interest-bearing
deposits were 4.48%, 5.47%, and 4.73% for 2001, 2000, and 1999, respectively.

      Interest expense on borrowed funds was $2,809,000 in 2001, $2,480,000 in
2000, and $2,132,000 in 1999. These levels represent an increase of $329,000
(13.3%) during 2000, an increase of $348,000 (16.3%) during 2000, and an
increase of $726,000 (51.6%) during 1999. The increases are primarily due to
increases in FHLB advances of $4,882,000 and $1,882,000 for 2001 and 2000,
respectively.

      Provision for Loan Losses

      During 2001, the Company made a total provision for loan losses of
$3,555,000 based on management's reviews and assessments of the risk in the loan
portfolio, the growth of the loan portfolio and historical loan loss trends, and
an evaluation of certain significant problem loans. This provision was taken
primarily as a result of a deterioration in certain loans determined by recent
analyses and loan reviews. In addition, the level of monthly provision has
increased during 2001, 2000 and 1999 due to loan growth. During 2000 and 1999,
the Company made total provisions for loan losses of $2,622,000 and $2,506,000,
respectively. See "FINANCIAL CONDITION -- ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES AND RISK
ELEMENTS."

      Noninterest Income

      Noninterest income increased $2,697,000 (80.5%) to $6,046,000 for the year
ended December 31, 2001, from the 2000 total of $3,349,000, which in turn
represented an increase of $351,000 (11.7%) from the total of $2,998,000 for
1999.

      Service charges on deposit accounts increased $77,000 (5.5%) during 2001
to $1,474,000 and $233,000 (20.0%) in 2000 to $1,397,000 both primarily due to
increases in nonsufficient funds and overdraft charges mainly due to an increase
in the number of items.

         Investment securities gains, net increased $1,467,000 (2486.4%) to
$1,526,000 for the year ended December 31, 2001, from the 2000 total of $59,000.
This increase is primarily due to a gain of $1,548,000 in the first quarter 2001
resulting from the purchase of the Company's investment in Star Systems, Inc.'s
common stock by Concord EFS, Inc. In this transaction, the Company received
common shares of Concord EFS, Inc., which is publicly traded, in exchange for
its ownership in Star Systems, Inc.

                                      -37-

<PAGE>

      Other noninterest income increased $1,154,000 (61.0%) to $3,047,000 in
2001 from $1,893,000 in 2000. Comparatively, the 2000 total represented an
increase of $59,000 (3.2%) from $1,834,000 in 1999. The increase in 2001 was
primarily due to an increase of $238,000 in the fair value of derivatives since
the implementation of SFAS No. 133, an increase of $189,000 in MasterCard/VISA
discounts and fees due to Auburn University's acceptance of MasterCard/VISA for
tuition, an increase of $105,000 in the cash surrender value of bank owned life
insurance and an increase of $152,000 in the gain on the sale of mortgage loans.
The increase in 2000 was primarily due to an increase of $363,000 in
MasterCard/VISA discounts and fees due to Auburn University's acceptance of
Mastercard/VISA for tuition, an increase of $198,000 in stock dividends from
stock owned in other companies, and the loss on premises and equipment in the
prior year of $57,000 primarily due to computer equipment that was not Year 2000
compliant. See "ITEM 1 - BUSINESS - SERVICES."

      Noninterest Expense

      Total noninterest expense was $10,019,000 for 2001, $8,865,000 for 2000,
and $8,138,000 for 1999 reflecting an increase of $1,154,000 (13.0%) for 2001,
an increase of $727,000 (8.9%) for 2000 and an increase of $1,300,000 (19.0%)
for 1999.

      Salaries and benefits increased $807,000 (23.7%) to $4,215,000 for the
year ended December 31, 2001, and decreased $444,000 (11.5%) to $3,408,000 for
the year ended December 31, 2000, from the 1999 total of $3,852,000. At December
31, 2001, the Company had 120 full-time equivalent employees, an increase of 1
over the level at December 31, 2000. At December 31, 2000, the Company had 119
full-time equivalent employees, an increase of 4 over the level at December 31,
1999. The increase for 2001 was primarily due to new hires, merit raises and the
cost of benefits associated with such increases as well as an increase in the
employee incentive plan payouts for 2001. The salary and benefit decrease for
2000 was due to the decrease in the employee incentive plan payouts for 2000.

      Net occupancy expense was $1,095,000, $1,110,000, and $1,116,000 for 2001,
2000 and 1999, respectively, representing a decrease of $15,000 (1.4%) in 2001
and a decrease of $6,000 (0.5%) in 2000 over the previous year's levels. The
2001 decrease is due to a decrease in depreciation on furniture and equipment
offset by an increase in building lease payments. The 2000 decrease is due to a
decrease in depreciation on furniture and equipment offset by an increase in
lease payments for computer equipment.

      Other noninterest expense was $4,708,000 for 2001, $4,347,000 for 2000,
and $3,169,000 for 1999. These levels represent an increase of $361,000 (8.3%)
in 2001 and an increase of $1,178,000 (37.2%) in 2000 over the respective
previous years. The 2001 increase is mainly due increases of $200,000 for the
expenses associated with Auburn University's acceptance of MasterCard/VISA for
tuition mentioned above, an increase of $188,000 in marketing expenses and
losses of $105,000 from demand accounts offset by a decrease of $190,000 in
expenses associated with repossessed real estate and property. The 2000 increase
is mainly due an increase of $403,000 in the expenses associated with Auburn
University's acceptance of Mastercard/VISA for tuition mentioned above, expenses
of $87,000 due to the increased monitoring of nonaccrual loans, expenses of
$164,000 associated with repossessed real estate and property, the Company's
share of $120,000 for the net operating loss for a low income housing
investment, and an increase of $92,000 in assessments due to an increase in FDIC
Insurance Assessment rates and state bank assessment which had three assessments
in 2000 compared to one in 1999. See "SUPERVISION AND REGULATION-FDIC INSURANCE
ASSESSMENTS."

      Income Taxes

      The Company's income tax expense was $1,881,000, $1,432,000, and
$1,559,000 in 2001, 2000, and 1999, respectively. These levels represent an
effective tax rate on pre-tax earnings of 29.8% for 2001, 32.2% for 2000, and
34.8% for 1999. The effective tax rate has decreased due to benefits of tax
credits related to a low income housing investment and bank owned life
insurance. Details of the tax provision for income taxes are included in Note
10, "Income Tax Expense" in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
included elsewhere herein.

                                      -38-

<PAGE>

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

      Market risk, with respect to the Company, is the risk of loss arising from
adverse changes in interest rates and prices. The risk of loss can result in
either lower fair market values or reduced net interest income. Although the
Company manages other risk, such as credit and liquidity, management considers
interest rate risk to be the more significant market risk and could potentially
have the largest material effect on the Company's financial condition. Further,
the Company believes the potential reduction of net interest income may be more
significant than the effect of reduced fair market values. The Company does not
maintain a trading portfolio, therefore it is not exposed to risk from trading
activities. Nor does it deal in international instruments, therefore the Company
is not exposed to foreign currency risk.

      The Company's interest rate risk management is the responsibility of the
Asset/Liability Management Committee (ALCO). ALCO has established policies and
limits to monitor, measure and coordinate the Company's sources, uses and
pricing of funds.

      The Company manages the relationship of interest sensitive assets to
interest sensitive liabilities and the resulting effect on net interest income.
The Company utilizes a simulation model to analyze net interest income
sensitivity to movements in interest rates. The simulation model projects net
interest income based on both a rise and fall in interest rates of 200 basis
points over a twelve and twenty-four month period. The model is based on actual
repricing dates of interest sensitive assets and interest sensitive liabilities.
The model incorporates assumptions regarding the impact of changing interest
rates on the prepayment rates of certain assets. The assumptions are based on
nationally published prepayment speeds on given assets when interest rates rise
or decrease by 200 basis points or more.

      Interest rate risk represents the sensitivity of earnings to changes in
interest rates. As interest rates change, the interest income and expense
associated with the Company's interest sensitive assets and liabilities also
change, thereby impacting net interest income, the primary component of the
Company's earnings. ALCO utilizes the results of the simulation model and the
static GAP report to quantify the estimated exposure of net interest income to a
sustained change in interest rates.

      The Company makes use of interest rate contracts to protect its net
interest income against changes in interest rates. At year-end, the Company had
an interest rate swap agreement with a notional value of $5.0 million. This
contract was negotiated to protect the Company's balance sheet against a fall or
rise in interest rates. The effect of this instrument is considered in the
simulation models.

      Currently the Company's income exposure to changes in interest rates is
relatively low. The Company measures this exposure based on a gradual change
(ramp) in interest rates of up or down 200 basis points. Given this scenario,
the Company had, at year-end, a slight exposure to both rising rates and falling
rates.

      The following chart reflects the Company's sensitivity to changes in
interest rates as of December 31, 2001. Numbers are based on the December
balance sheet and assumes paydowns and maturities of both assets and liabilities
are reinvested based on growth assumptions provided by the Company. The same
growth and interest rate assumptions are used in the base, up 200 basis points,
and down 200 basis points scenarios.

                               INTEREST RATE RISK
                           Income Sensitivity Summary:
                          Interest Rate Scenario (000)
                             (Dollars in thousands)

   ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                                       -200 BP      Base        +200 BP
   ---------------------------------------------------------------------
   Year 1 Net Interest Income         $16,914    $17,353       $17,070
   ---------------------------------------------------------------------
   $ Change Net Interest Income       $  (438)         -       $  (283)
   ---------------------------------------------------------------------
   % Change Net Interest Income         (2.53)%        -         (1.63)%
   ---------------------------------------------------------------------
      Policy Limit 5% for +/- 200 Basis Points (BP) over 12 months.

      The preceding sensitivity analysis is a modeling analysis, which changes
quarterly and consists of hypothetical estimates based upon numerous assumptions
including the interest rate levels, shape of the yield curve, prepayments on
loans

                                      -39-

<PAGE>

and securities, rates on loans and deposits, reinvestments of paydowns and
maturities of loans, investments and deposits, and others. While assumptions are
developed based on the current economic and market conditions, management cannot
make any assurances as to the predictive nature of these assumptions including
how customer preferences or competitor influences might change.

      As market conditions vary from those assumed in the sensitivity analysis,
actual results will differ. Also, the sensitivity analysis does not reflect
actions that ALCO might take in responding to or anticipating changes in
interest rates. See "INTEREST SENSITIVITY ANALYSIS" table.

ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

      See Financial Statements and Supplementary Data contained within this
Annual Report on Form 10-K.

ITEM 9.  CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
                FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

      Not applicable.






                                      -40-



<PAGE>


                                    PART III

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, PROMOTERS AND CONTROL PERSONS;
         COMPLIANCE WITH SECTION 16(a) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT

     Information required by this item is set forth under the heading
"Information about Nominees for Directors" on Pages 2 through 3 and under the
heading "Executive Officers" on Pages 5 and 6 of the definitive proxy statement
for the Company's Annual Meeting to be held on May 14, 2002, and is incorporated
herein by reference.

ITEM 11.   EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

      Information required by this item is set forth under the heading "Meetings
and Committees of the Board of Directors" on Pages 4 and 5 and under the
heading "Summary Compensation of Executive Officers" on Page 7 of the
definitive proxy statement for the Company's Annual Meeting to be held on May
14, 2002, and is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 12.   SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

      Information required by this item is set forth under the heading
"Information about Nominees for Directors" on Pages 2 through 3 of the
definitive proxy statement for the Company's Annual Meeting to be held on May
14, 2002, and is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 13.   CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

      Information required by this item is set forth under the heading "Certain
Transactions and Business Relationships on Page 8 of the definitive proxy
statement for the Company's Annual Meeting to be held on May 14, 2002, and is
incorporated herein by reference.

                                      -41-

<PAGE>


ITEM 14.   EXHIBITS AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

(a)    List of all Financial Statements

       The following consolidated financial statements and report of
       independent certified public accountants of the Company are included
       in this Annual Report on Form 10-K:

       Independent Auditors' Report

       Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2001 and 2000

       Consolidated Statement of Earnings for the years ended December 31, 2001,
       2000, and 1999

       Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity and Comprehensive
       Income for the years ended December 31, 2001, 2000, and 1999

       Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31,
       2001, 2000, and 1999

       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

(b)    Reports on Form 8-K

                  None

(c)    Exhibits

       3.1.  Certificate of Incorporation of Auburn National  Bancorporation,
       Inc. (incorporated by reference from Registrant's Registration Statement
       on Form SB-2 (File No. 33-86180)).

       3.2.  Bylaws of Auburn National Bancorporation, Inc.(incorporated by
       reference from Registrant's  Registration Statement on Form SB-2 (File
       No. 33-86180)).

       10.   Material Contracts

             10.1. Auburn  National  Bancorporation, Inc.1994 Long-Term
       Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Registrant's Registration
       Statement on Form SB-2 (File No. 33-86180)).

             10.2. Lease and Equipment Purchase Agreement, dated September 15,
       1987 (incorporated by reference from Registrant's Registration Statement
       on Form SB-2 (File No. 33-86180)).

        21.1  Subsidiaries of Registrant

        23.1  Consent of Accountants

                                      -42-

<PAGE>

                      AUBURN NATIONAL BANCORPORATION, INC.
                                 AND SUBSIDIARY

                        Consolidated Financial Statements

                        December 31, 2001, 2000, and 1999

                   (With Independent Auditors' Report Thereon)

                                      -43-

<PAGE>

                          Independent Auditors' Report

The Board of Directors
Auburn National Bancorporation, Inc.:


We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Auburn National
Bancorporation, Inc. and subsidiary (the Company) as of December 31, 2001 and
2000 and the related consolidated statements of earnings, stockholders' equity
and comprehensive income, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year
period ended December 31, 2001. These consolidated financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted
in the United States of America. Those standards require that we plan and
perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a
test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management as well as evaluating the overall
financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, the consolidated financial
statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of Auburn National Bancorporation, Inc. and subsidiary as of
December 31, 2001 and 2000 and the results of their operations and their cash
flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2001 in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America.

As discussed in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company
changed its method of accounting for derivative instruments and hedging
activities in 2001.

Atlanta, Georgia
February 1, 2002

                                      -44-

<PAGE>

                      AUBURN NATIONAL BANCORPORATION, INC.
                                 AND SUBSIDIARY

                           Consolidated Balance Sheets

                           December 31, 2001 and 2000

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                     Assets                                      2001                  2000
                                                                          -------------------   -------------------
<S>                                                                        <C>                   <C>
Cash and due from banks (note 2)                                       $       17,347,717             8,709,097
Federal funds sold                                                             13,721,000             9,210,000
                                                                          -------------------   -------------------
                 Cash and cash equivalents                                     31,068,717            17,919,097
                                                                          -------------------   -------------------
Interest-earning deposits with other banks                                        853,761               446,144
Investment securities held to maturity (fair value of $16,779,116
     and $27,208,911 for December 31, 2001 and 2000, respectively)
     (note 3)                                                                  16,164,448            26,899,565
Investment securities available for sale (note 3)                             135,309,766            84,830,843
Loans (notes 4 and 8)                                                         271,833,945           262,529,057
     Less allowance for loan losses                                            (5,339,945)           (3,634,442)
                                                                          -------------------   -------------------
                 Loans, net                                                   266,494,000           258,894,615
                                                                          -------------------   -------------------
Premises and equipment, net (note 5)                                            3,212,157             3,126,145
Rental property, net                                                            1,564,238             1,594,168
Other assets (note 3)                                                          19,661,088            10,978,676
                                                                          -------------------   -------------------
                 Total assets                                          $      474,328,175           404,689,253
                                                                          ===================   ===================
                      Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity

Deposits:
     Noninterest-bearing                                               $       48,543,405            43,292,446
     Interest-bearing (note 6)                                                321,124,109           272,348,748
                                                                          -------------------   -------------------
                 Total deposits                                               369,667,514           315,641,194
Securities sold under agreements to repurchase (note 7)                        10,135,878             4,388,561
Other borrowed funds (note 8)                                                  53,581,241            48,720,540
Accrued expenses and other liabilities                                          5,109,609             4,133,901
                                                                          -------------------   -------------------
                 Total liabilities                                            438,494,242           372,884,196
                                                                          -------------------   -------------------
Stockholders' equity (notes 14 and 15):

     Preferred stock of $0.01 par value. Authorized 200,000 shares;
        issued shares - none                                                          --                    --
     Common stock of $0.01 par value. Authorized 8,500,000 shares;
        issued 3,957,135 shares                                                    39,571                39,571
     Additional paid-in capital                                                 3,707,472             3,707,472
     Retained earnings                                                         31,202,869            28,187,466
     Accumulated other comprehensive income                                     1,436,880                85,147
     Less treasury stock, at cost - 62,517 shares and 32,562 shares
        for December 31, 2001 and 2000, respectively                             (552,859)             (214,599)
                                                                          -------------------   -------------------
                 Total stockholders' equity                                    35,833,933            31,805,057
Commitments and contingencies (notes 4 and 12)
                                                                          -------------------   -------------------
                 Total liabilities and stockholders' equity            $      474,328,175           404,689,253
                                                                          ===================   ===================
</TABLE>
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

                                      -45-


<PAGE>

                      AUBURN NATIONAL BANCORPORATION, INC.
                                 AND SUBSIDIARY

                       Consolidated Statements of Earnings

                  Years Ended December 31, 2001, 2000, and 1999

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                     2001                  2000                  1999
                                                              -------------------   -------------------   -------------------
<S>                                                           <C>                     <C>                   <C>

Interest and dividend income:
     Loans, including fees                                        $21,418,386            22,706,698            20,392,265
     Investment securities:
        Taxable                                                     7,734,690             6,826,786             4,550,273
        Tax-exempt                                                     92,168                56,095                74,836
     Federal funds sold                                               529,936               494,556               346,988
     Interest-earning deposits with other banks                       107,361               142,084               112,664
                                                              -------------------   -------------------   -------------------
                 Total interest and dividend income               $29,882,541            30,226,219            25,477,026
                                                              -------------------   -------------------   -------------------
Interest expense:
     Deposits (note 6)                                             13,111,375            14,848,586            10,881,181
     Securities sold under agreements to repurchase
         and federal funds purchased (note 7)                         117,199               313,039               336,226
     Other borrowings (note 8)                                      2,809,166             2,480,476             2,131,758
                                                              -------------------   -------------------   -------------------
                 Total interest expense                            16,037,740            17,642,101            13,349,165
                                                              -------------------   -------------------   -------------------
                 Net interest income                               13,844,801            12,584,118            12,127,861
Provision for loan losses (note 4)                                  3,555,000             2,622,098             2,506,090
                                                              -------------------   -------------------   -------------------
                 Net interest income after provision
                    for loan losses                                10,289,801             9,962,020             9,621,771
                                                              -------------------   -------------------   -------------------
Noninterest income:
     Service charges on deposit accounts                            1,473,525             1,396,755             1,164,141
     Investment securities gains, net (note 3)                      1,526,196                59,311                   --
     Other (note 16)                                                3,046,684             2,462,598             1,833,566
                                                              -------------------   -------------------   -------------------
                 Total noninterest income                           6,046,405             3,918,664             2,997,707
                                                              -------------------   -------------------   -------------------
Noninterest expense:
     Salaries and benefits (note 11)                                4,215,378             3,977,659             3,852,344
     Net occupancy expense                                          1,095,313             1,109,670             1,116,279
     Other (note 16)                                                4,708,071             4,347,062             3,169,367
                                                              -------------------   -------------------   -------------------
                 Total noninterest expense                         10,018,762             9,434,391             8,137,990
                                                              -------------------   -------------------   -------------------
                 Earnings before income taxes                       6,317,444             4,446,293             4,481,488
Income tax expense (note 10)                                        1,880,899             1,432,279             1,559,470
                                                              -------------------   -------------------   -------------------
                 Earnings before cumulative effect
                    of a change in accounting
                    principle                                       4,436,545             3,014,014             2,922,018
Cumulative effect of a change in accounting
     principle, net of tax (note 1)                                   141,677                   --                    --
                                                              -------------------   -------------------   -------------------
                 Net earnings                                     $ 4,578,222             3,014,014             2,922,018
                                                              ===================   ===================   ===================
Basic earnings per share                                          $      1.17                  0.77                  0.74
Weighted average shares outstanding                                 3,908,084             3,924,573             3,924,573

</TABLE>

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

                                      -46-

<PAGE>


                      AUBURN NATIONAL BANCORPORATION, INC.
                                 AND SUBSIDIARY

    Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity and Comprehensive Income

                  Years ended December 31, 2001, 2000, and 1999
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                          Common stock
                                                             Comprehensive       -------------------------------
                                                                income              Shares            Amount
                                                           ------------------    -------------   ---------------
<S>                                                         <C>                   <C>              <C>


Balances at December 31, 1998                                                      3,957,135    $    39,571
Comprehensive income:
     Net earnings                                           $  2,922,018                 --             --
     Other comprehensive loss due to unrealized
        loss on investment securities available for
        sale, net (note 9)                                    (2,168,054)                --             --
                                                             ---------------
                 Total comprehensive income                 $    753,964
                                                             ===============
Cash dividends paid ($0.32 per share)                                                    --             --
                                                                                --------------   ------------

Balances at December 31, 1999                                                      3,957,135         39,571
Comprehensive income:
     Net earnings                                           $  3,014,014                 --             --
     Other comprehensive income due to unrealized
        gain on investment securities available for
        sale, net (note 9)                                     1,919,275                 --             --
                                                             ---------------
                 Total comprehensive income                 $  4,933,289
                                                             ===============
Cash dividends paid ($0.40 per share)                                                    --             --
                                                                                --------------   ------------
Balances at December 31, 2000                                                      3,957,135         39,571
Comprehensive income:
     Net earnings                                           $  4,578,222                 --             --
     Other comprehensive income due to unrealized
        gain on investment securities available for
        sale, net (note 9)                                     1,351,733                 --             --
                                                             ---------------
                 Total comprehensive income                 $  5,929,955
                                                             ===============
Cash dividends paid ($0.40 per share)                                                    --             --
Purchase of treasury stock (29,955 shares)                                               --             --
                                                                                --------------   ------------
Balances at December 31, 2001                                                      3,957,135    $    39,571
                                                                                ==============   ============

</TABLE>


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                     Accumulated
                                                         Additional                      other
                                                          paid-in        Retained    compehensive      Treasury
                                                          capital        earnings    income (loss)       stock             Total
                                                      --------------  ------------  ---------------  -------------    -------------

<S>                                                    <C>           <C>                <C>               <C>              <C>

Balances at December 31, 1998                           3,707,472     25,077,126        333,926          (214,599)      28,943,496
Comprehensive income:
     Net earnings                                             --       2,922,018            --                --         2,922,018
     Other comprehensive loss due to unrealized
        loss on investment securities available for
        sale, net (note 9)                                    --             --      (2,168,054)              --        (2,168,054)

                 Total comprehensive income                                                                                   --

Cash dividends paid ($0.32 per share)                         --      (1,255,863)           --                --        (1,255,863)
                                                      ------------   ------------   ------------      -------------   --------------
Balances at December 31, 1999                           3,707,472     26,743,281     (1,834,128)         (214,599)      28,441,597
Comprehensive income:
     Net earnings                                             --       3,014,014            --                --         3,014,014
     Other comprehensive income due to unrealized                                                                             --
        gain on investment securities available for
        sale, net (note 9)                                    --             --       1,919,275               --         1,919,275

                 Total comprehensive income                                                                                   --

Cash dividends paid ($0.40 per share)                         --      (1,569,829)           --                --        (1,569,829)
                                                      ------------   ------------   ------------      -------------   --------------
Balances at December 31, 2000                           3,707,472     28,187,466         85,147          (214,599)      31,805,057
Comprehensive income:
     Net earnings                                             --       4,578,222            --                --         4,578,222
     Other comprehensive income due to unrealized
        gain on investment securities available for
        sale, net (note 9)                                    --             --       1,351,733               --         1,351,733

                 Total comprehensive income                                                                                    --

Cash dividends paid ($0.40 per share)                         --      (1,562,819)           --                --         (1,562,819)

Purchase of treasury stock (29,955 shares)                    --             --             --           (338,260)         (338,260)
                                                      ------------   ------------   ------------      -------------   --------------
Balances at December 31, 2001                           3,707,472     31,202,869      1,436,880          (552,859)       35,833,933
                                                      ============   ============   ============      =============   ==============


</TABLE>


See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

                                      -47-

<PAGE>


                      AUBURN NATIONAL BANCORPORATION, INC.
                                AND SUBSIDIARY
                      Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
                  Years ended December 31, 2001, 2000, and 1999

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                             2001                  2000                1999
                                                                      -------------------    -----------------   -----------------
<S>                                                                    <C>                    <C>                 <C>

Cash flows from operating activities:

     Net earnings                                                  $        4,578,222            3,014,014           2,922,018
     Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net
        cash (used in) provided by operating activities:
           Cumulative effect of accounting change
              for derivative instruments and hedging
              activities                                                     (141,677)                  --                  --
           Depreciation and amortization                                      463,842              504,555             552,602
           Net accretion of investment security
              discounts/premiums                                             (136,417)            (629,128)           (131,783)
           Provision for loan losses                                        3,555,000            2,622,098           2,506,090
           Provision for losses on other real estate                              --                55,775                 --
           Deferred tax expense (benefit)                                     484,998            1,363,407            (124,482)
           Loans originated for resale                                    (45,376,207)         (16,432,623)        (22,725,579)
           Proceeds from sale of loans originated
              for resale                                                   43,378,889           16,534,936          19,289,304
           Loss on sale of premises and equipment                              12,153               11,703                  --
           Loss (gain) on sale and calls of investment securities              22,144              (59,311)                 --
           Gain on exchange of privately-held stock investment             (1,548,340)                  --                  --
           Loss (gain) on sale of other real estate                            33,283                 (265)            (11,921)
           Gain on change in fair value of derivatives                       (272,000)                  --                  --
           Decrease (increase) in interest receivable                         650,608             (802,558)           (583,664)
           Increase in other assets                                        (8,996,900)          (1,898,263)           (446,867)
           Increase in interest payable                                       504,533            1,004,664             472,057
           (Decrease) increase in accrued expenses
              and other liabilities                                          (991,268)             172,036            (326,080)
                                                                      -------------------    -----------------   -----------------
                  Net cash (used in) provided by
                     operating activities                                  (3,779,137)           5,461,040           1,391,695
                                                                      -------------------    -----------------   -----------------
Cash flows from investing activities:
     Proceeds from sales of investment securities
        available for sale                                                 46,532,577            2,979,308                  --
     Proceeds from sale of investment security
        held to maturity                                                          --               235,314                  --
     Proceeds from maturities/calls/paydowns of
        investment securities held to maturity                             10,938,449            6,035,356           2,522,426
     Purchases of investment securities held to maturity                          --           (22,516,052)         (4,363,679)
     Proceeds from maturities/calls/paydowns of
        investment securities available for sale                           26,355,701            9,480,528          17,494,430
     Purchases of investment securities available for sale               (119,593,961)         (26,189,957)        (25,322,726)
     Proceeds from termination of interest rate swap                          490,083                  --                  --
     Net increase in loans                                                 (9,723,445)          (6,702,813)        (40,789,869)
     Purchases of premises and equipment                                     (456,220)            (198,444)           (368,095)
     Proceeds from sale of premises and equipment
        and other real estate                                                 381,388            1,523,417             269,222
     Additions to rental property                                             (75,857)             (22,306)             (5,070)
     Net decrease (increase) in interest-earning
        deposits with other banks                                            (407,617)             823,627          (1,136,171)
     Investment in FHLB stock                                                (245,600)             (93,600)           (544,100)
                                                                      -------------------    -----------------   -----------------
                  Net cash used in investing activities                   (45,804,502)         (34,645,622)        (52,243,632)
                                                                      -------------------    -----------------   -----------------
</TABLE>

                                      -48-

<PAGE>

                      AUBURN NATIONAL BANCORPORATION, INC.
                                 AND SUBSIDIARY
                      Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
                 Years ended December 31, 2001, 2000, and 1999
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>



                                                                          2001                  2000                1999
                                                                   -------------------    -----------------   -----------------
<S>                                                                 <C>                     <C>                <C>

Cash flows from financing activities:

     Net increase in noninterest-bearing deposits                  $     5,250,959            4,424,743           4,143,521
     Net increase in interest-bearing deposits                          48,775,361           16,494,697          57,073,483
     Net increase (decrease) in securities sold
        under agreements to repurchase                                   5,747,317           (1,477,824)         (7,077,619)
     Borrowings from FHLB                                               10,000,000           13,000,000          21,000,000
     Repayments to FHLB                                                 (5,118,249)         (11,118,250)         (5,118,250)
     Repayments of other borrowed funds                                    (21,050)             (22,255)            (21,163)
     Purchase of treasury stock                                           (338,260)              --                  --
     Dividends paid                                                     (1,562,819)          (1,569,829)         (1,255,863)
                                                                   -------------------    -----------------   -----------------
                  Net cash provided by financing
                     activities                                         62,733,259           19,731,282          68,744,109
                                                                   -------------------    -----------------   -----------------
                  Net increase (decrease) in cash and
                     cash equivalents                                   13,149,620           (9,453,300)         17,892,172
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                          17,919,097           27,372,397           9,480,225
                                                                   -------------------    -----------------   -----------------
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                           $    31,068,717           17,919,097          27,372,397
                                                                   ===================    =================   =================
Supplemental information on cash payments:
     Interest paid                                                 $    15,533,207           16,637,437          12,877,108
     Income taxes paid                                                   1,578,399              770,411           2,163,538
Supplemental information on noncash transactions:
     Real estate acquired through foreclosure                            1,011,003            1,943,024             767,001
     Loans to facilitate the sale of other real estate                     444,625               27,500                 --

</TABLE>


See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

                                    -49-

<PAGE>


                      AUBURN NATIONAL BANCORPORATION, INC.
                                 AND SUBSIDIARY

                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                       December 31, 2001, 2000, and 1999


(1)    Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

       Auburn National Bancorporation, Inc. (the Company) provides a full range
       of banking services to individual and corporate customers in Lee County,
       Alabama and surrounding counties through its subsidiary, AuburnBank (the
       Bank). The Company and Bank are subject to competition from other
       financial institutions. The Company and Bank are also subject to the
       regulations of certain federal and state agencies and undergo periodic
       examinations by those regulatory authorities. The Company does not have
       any segments other than banking that are considered material.

       The accounting policies followed by the Company and its subsidiary and
       the methods of applying these principles conform with accounting
       principles generally accepted in the United States of America and with
       general practice within the banking industry. Certain principles which
       significantly affect the determination of financial position, results of
       operations and cash flows are summarized below.

       (a)      Basis of Financial Statement Presentation

              The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in
              conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
              United States of America. In preparing the financial statements,
              management is required to make estimates and assumptions that
              affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the
              disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of
              the balance sheet and revenues and expenses for the period. Actual
              results could differ from those estimates.

              Material estimates that are particularly susceptible to
              significant change in the near-term relate to the determination of
              the allowance for loan losses. In connection with the
              determination of the allowance for loan losses, management obtains
              independent appraisals for significant properties that serve as
              collateral.

              Management believes that the allowance for losses on loans is
              adequate. While management uses available information to recognize
              losses on loans, future additions to the allowance may be
              necessary based on changes in economic conditions. In addition,
              various regulatory agencies, as an integral part of their
              examination process, periodically review the Bank's allowance for
              losses on loans. Such agencies may require the Bank to recognize
              additions to the allowance based on their judgments about
              information available to them at the time of their examination.

              The Bank's real estate loans are secured by real estate located
              principally in Lee County, Alabama and surrounding areas. In
              addition, the foreclosed real estate owned by the Bank is located
              in this same area. Accordingly, the ultimate collectibility of a
              substantial portion of the Bank's loan portfolio and the recovery
              of real estate owned are susceptible to changes in market
              conditions in this area.

       (b)      Principles of Consolidation

              The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the
              Company and its subsidiary, AuburnBank.

       (c)      Cash Equivalents

              Cash equivalents include amounts due from banks and federal funds
              sold. Federal funds are generally sold for one-day periods.

                                           -50-



<PAGE>

                      AUBURN NATIONAL BANCORPORATION, INC.
                                 AND SUBSIDIARY

                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                       December 31, 2001, 2000, and 1999


       (d)      Investment Securities

              The Company and Bank account for investment securities under the
              provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS)
              No. 115, Accounting for Certain Investments in Debt and Equity
              Securities whereby investment securities are classified in one of
              three portfolios: (i) trading account securities, (ii) held to
              maturity securities, and (iii) securities available for sale.
              Trading account securities are stated at fair value. The Company
              and Bank do not have trading account securities. Investment
              securities held to maturity are those for which the Company and
              Bank have both the intent and ability to hold until maturity and
              are stated at cost adjusted for amortization of premiums and
              accretion of discounts. Investment securities available for sale
              are stated at fair value with any unrealized gains and losses
              reported as a separate component of stockholders' equity, net of
              tax effects, until realized.

              Accretion of discounts and amortization of premiums are calculated
              on the effective interest method over the anticipated life of the
              security, taking into consideration prepayment assumptions. Gains
              and losses from the sale of investment securities are computed
              under the specific identification method.

              A decline in the fair value below cost of any available for sale
              or held to maturity security that is deemed other than temporary
              results in a charge to earnings and the establishment of a new
              cost basis for the security.

       (e)       Loans

              Loans are stated at principal amounts outstanding. Interest on
              loans is credited to income on the simple interest method.

              It is the policy of the Bank to discontinue the accrual of
              interest when principal or interest payments become more than
              ninety days delinquent. When a loan is placed on a nonaccrual
              basis, any interest previously accrued but not collected is
              reversed against current income unless the collateral for the loan
              is sufficient to cover the accrued interest. Income on such loans
              is then recognized only to the extent that cash is received and
              where the future collection of principal is probable. Interest
              accruals are recorded on such loans only when they are brought
              fully current with respect to interest and principal and when, in
              the judgment of management, the loans are estimated to be fully
              collectible as to both principal and interest.

              The Company accounts for impaired loans in accordance with SFAS
              No. 114, Accounting by Creditors for Impairment of a Loan, as
              amended by SFAS No. 118, Accounting by Creditors for Impairment of
              a Loan - Income Recognition and Disclosures. Under the provisions
              of SFAS No. 114 and No. 118, management considers a loan to be
              impaired when it is probable that the Company will be unable to
              collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the
              loan agreement. A loan is also considered impaired if its terms
              are modified in a troubled debt restructuring and the
              restructuring agreement specifies an interest rate below the rate
              that the Company is willing to accept for a new loan with
              comparable risk. When a loan is considered impaired, the amount
              of impairment is measured based on the present value of expected
              future cash flows discounted at the note's effective interest
              rate, unless the loan is collateral-dependent, for which the fair
              value of the collateral is used to determine the amount of
              impairment. Impairment losses are included in the allowance for

                                        -51-

<PAGE>

                      AUBURN NATIONAL BANCORPORATION, INC.
                                 AND SUBSIDIARY

                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                       December 31, 2001, 2000, and 1999

              loan losses through the provision for loan losses. Impaired loans
              are charged to the allowance when such loans are deemed to be
              uncollectible. Subsequent recoveries are added to the allowance.

              When a loan is considered impaired, cash receipts are applied
              under the contractual terms of the loan agreement, first to
              principal and then to interest income. Once the recorded principal
              balance has been reduced to zero, future cash receipts are applied
              to interest income, to the extent that any interest has not been
              recognized. Any further cash receipts are recorded as recoveries
              of any amount previously charged off.

              The Bank originates mortgage loans to be held for sale only for
              loans that have been pre-approved by the investor. The Bank bears
              minimal interest rate risk on these loans. Such loans are stated
              at the lower of cost or aggregate fair value.

       (f)       Allowance for Loan Losses

              The amount of provision for loan losses charged to earnings is
              based on actual loss experience, periodic specific reviews of
              significant and nonperforming loan relationships, and management's
              evaluation of the loan portfolio under current economic
              conditions. Such provisions, adjusted for loan charge-offs and
              recoveries, comprise the allowance for loan losses. Provision
              amounts are largely determined based on loan classifications
              determined through credit quality reviews using estimated loss
              factors based on historical loss experience. Such loss factors are
              adjusted periodically based on changes in loss experience. Loans
              are examined for credit quality, documentation, and financial
              information annually by a qualified nonemployee loan review
              examiner.

              Loans are charged against the allowance when management determines
              such loans to be uncollectible. Subsequent recoveries are credited
              to the allowance.

       (g)       Premises and Equipment

              Premises and equipment are stated at cost, less accumulated
              depreciation. Depreciation is computed on both the
              double-declining balance and straight-line methods for buildings
              and principally on a straight-line method for furniture, fixtures,
              and equipment over the estimated useful lives of the assets, which
              range from three to 39 years.

       (h)       Rental Property

              Rental property consists of land; buildings; and furniture,
              fixtures, and equipment which are rented to the Bank and the
              general public. Rental property is stated at cost less accumulated
              depreciation. Depreciation is computed on both the
              double-declining balance and straight-line methods for buildings
              and principally on a straight-line method for furniture, fixtures,
              and equipment over the estimated useful lives of the assets.

       (i)       Other Real Estate

              Real estate acquired through foreclosure or in lieu of foreclosure
              is carried at the lower of cost or fair value, as determined by
              independent appraisals, adjusted for estimated selling costs. Any
              write-down at the time of foreclosure is charged to the allowance
              for loan losses. Subsequent declines in fair value

                                      -52-



<PAGE>

                      AUBURN NATIONAL BANCORPORATION, INC.
                                 AND SUBSIDIARY

                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                        December 31, 2001, 2000, and 1999

              below acquisition cost and gains or losses on the sale of these
              properties are credited or charged to earnings.

       (j)        Derivative Financial Instruments

              As part of its overall interest rate risk management activities,
              the Company utilizes derivative instruments (i) to modify the
              repricing characteristics of assets and liabilities and (ii) to
              hedge the fair value risk of fixed-rate liabilities. The primary
              instruments utilized by the Company are interest rate swaps and
              interest rate floor and cap arrangements. The fair value of these
              derivative financial instruments is based on dealer quotes and
              third-party financial models.

              The Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued SFAS No.
              133 in June 1998 and SFAS No. 137, Accounting for Derivative
              Instruments and Hedging Activities - Deferral of the Effective
              Date of FASB Statement No. 133, an amendment of FASB Statement No.
              133 in June 1999. Under SFAS No. 133, entities are required to
              carry all derivative instruments on the balance sheet at fair
              value. The accounting for changes in fair value (i.e., gains or
              losses) of a derivative instrument depends on whether it has been
              designated and qualifies as part of a hedging relationship and if
              so, on the reason for holding it. If certain conditions are met,
              entities may elect to designate a derivative instrument as a hedge
              of exposures to changes in fair values, cash flows, or foreign
              currencies. If the hedged exposure is a fair value exposure, the
              gain or loss on the derivative instrument is recognized in
              earnings in the period of change, together with the offsetting
              loss or gain on the hedged item attributable to the risk being
              hedged. If the hedged exposure is a cash flow exposure, the
              effective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative instrument
              is reported initially as a component of accumulated other
              comprehensive income, and subsequently reclassified into earnings
              when the forecasted transaction affects earnings. Any amounts
              excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness, as well as
              the ineffective portion of the gain or loss, are reported in
              earnings immediately. If the derivative instrument is not
              designated as a hedge, the gain or loss is recognized in earnings
              in the period of change. The Company adopted SFAS No. 133 on
              January 1, 2001. The adoption of SFAS No. 133 resulted in a
              $141,677 cumulative effect adjustment for the change in accounting
              principle, net of tax.

              The net settlement on the Company's fair value hedges is recorded
              in earnings on an accrual basis. The Company has no cash flow
              hedges at December 31, 2001.

              Prior to the adoption of SFAS No. 133, interest rate swaps,
              purchased floors, and purchased caps were accounted for on an
              accrual basis, and the net interest differential, including
              premiums paid, if any, was recognized as an adjustment to interest
              income or expense of the related designated asset or liability.
              Changes in fair values of the swaps, purchased floors, or
              purchased caps were not recorded in the consolidated statements of
              earnings because these agreements were being treated as a
              synthetic alteration of the designated assets or liabilities.

       (k)        Income Taxes

              Income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability
              method, whereby deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized
              for the future tax consequences attributable to differences
              between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing
              assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases

                                      -53-



<PAGE>

                      AUBURN NATIONAL BANCORPORATION, INC.
                                 AND SUBSIDIARY

                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                       December 31, 2001, 2000, and 1999

              and operating loss and tax credit carry forwards. Deferred tax
              assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates
              expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those
              temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled.
              The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in
              tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the
              enactment date.

              The Company files its federal income tax returns on a consolidated
              basis.

       (l)        Earnings per Share

              Basic earnings per share are computed on the weighted average
              number of shares outstanding in accordance with SFAS No. 128,
              Earnings Per Share. The Company reserved 75,000 shares of common
              stock in May 1994 for issuance under stock option plans; however,
              no options have been granted as of December 31, 2001; thus, there
              are no potential common shares that would result in diluted
              earnings per share.

       (m)        Recent Accounting Pronouncements

              In July 2001, the FASB issued SFAS No. 141, Business Combinations
              and SFAS No. 142, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets. SFAS No.
              141 requires that the purchase method of accounting be used for
              all business combinations initiated after June 30, 2001. SFAS No.
              141 also specifies criteria that intangible assets acquired in a
              purchase method business combination must meet to be recognized
              and reported apart from goodwill. SFAS No. 142 requires that
              goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful lives no
              longer be amortized, but instead tested for impairment at least
              annually in accordance with the provisions of SFAS No. 142. SFAS
              No. 142 also requires that intangible assets with estimable useful
              lives be amortized over their respective estimated useful lives to
              their estimated residual values and reviewed for impairment in
              accordance with SFAS No. 121, Accounting for the Impairment of
              Long-Lived Assets and for Long-Lived Assets to be Disposed Of.

              The Company adopted the  provisions of SFAS No. 141 effective
              July 1, 2001, and adopted the provisions of SFAS No. 142
              effective January 1, 2002.

              SFAS No. 141 requires upon the adoption of SFAS No. 142 that the
              Company evaluate its existing intangible assets and goodwill that
              were acquired in prior purchase business combinations, and make
              any necessary reclassifications to conform with the new criteria
              in SFAS No. 141 for recognition apart from goodwill. Upon adoption
              of SFAS No. 142, the Company is required to reassess the useful
              lives and residual values of all intangible assets acquired, and
              make any necessary amortization period adjustments by the end of
              the first interim period after adoption. In addition, to the
              extent an intangible asset is identified as having an indefinite
              useful life, the Company is required to test the intangible asset
              for impairment in accordance with the provisions of SFAS No. 142.
              Any impairment loss will be measured as of the date of adoption
              and recognized as the cumulative effect of a change in accounting
              principle in the first interim period. As the Company has no
              goodwill or

                                      -54-

<PAGE>

                      AUBURN NATIONAL BANCORPORATION, INC.
                                 AND SUBSIDIARY

                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                       December 31, 2001, 2000, and 1999

              significant identifiable intangibles as of December 31, 2001, the
              adoption of SFAS No. 142 is not expected to have an impact on the
              Company's and Bank's consolidated financial position or results of
              operations.

              In August 2001, the FASB issued SFAS No. 143, Accounting for Asset
              Retirement Obligations. SFAS No. 143 addresses financial
              accounting and reporting for obligations associated with the
              retirement of tangible long-lived assets and the related asset
              retirement costs. SFAS No. 143 applies to all entities. SFAS No.
              143 applies to legal obligations associated with the retirement of
              long-lived assets that result from the acquisition, construction,
              development and/or the normal operation of a long-lived asset,
              except for certain lease obligations.

              SFAS No. 143 is effective for financial statements issued for
              fiscal years beginning after June 15, 2002. Management does not
              anticipate the adoption of SFAS No. 143 to have a material effect
              on the financial condition or results of operations of the Company
              or Bank.

              In October 2001, the FASB issued SFAS No. 144, Accounting for the
              Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets. SFAS No. 144
              addresses financial accounting and reporting for the impairment or
              disposal of long-lived assets. SFAS No. 144 supersedes SFAS No.
              121, Accounting for the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and for
              Long-Lived Assets to Be Disposed Of, and the accounting and
              reporting provisions of Accounting Principles Board (APB) Opinion
              No. 30, Reporting the Results of Operations - Reporting the
              Effects of Disposal of a Segment of a Business, and Extraordinary,
              Unusual and Infrequently Occurring Events and Transactions, for
              the disposal of a segment of a business (as previously defined in
              that opinion). This statement also amends Accounting Research
              Bulletin No. 51, Consolidated Financial Statements, to eliminate
              the exception to consolidation for a subsidiary for which control
              is likely to be temporary.

              SFAS No. 144 improves financial reporting by requiring that one
              accounting model be used for long-lived assets to be disposed of
              by sale, whether previously held and used or newly acquired, and
              by broadening the presentation of discontinued operations to
              include more disposal transactions.

              SFAS No. 144 is effective for financial statements issued for
              fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2001, and interim
              periods within those fiscal years. The provisions are to be
              applied prospectively. Management does not anticipate the adoption
              of SFAS No. 144 to have a material effect on the financial
              condition or results of operations of the Company or Bank.

       (n)        Reclassifications

              Certain 2000 and 1999 amounts have been reclassified to conform to
              the 2001 presentation.

(2)      Cash and Due from Banks

       The Bank is required to maintain certain average cash reserve balances in
       accordance with Federal Reserve Board requirements. The amounts of those
       required balances as of December 31, 2001 and 2000 were approximately
       $6,778,000 and $3,632,000, respectively.

                                      -55-



<PAGE>

                      AUBURN NATIONAL BANCORPORATION, INC.
                                 AND SUBSIDIARY

                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                       December 31, 2001, 2000, and 1999


(3)      Investment Securities

       The amortized cost and approximate fair value of investment securities at
December 31, 2001, were as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                                                           Gross             Gross
                                                        Amortized        unrealized       unrealized       Approximate fair
                                                          cost             gains            losses              value
                                                     ----------------  ---------------   --------------   -------------------
<S>                                                  <C>                <C>               <C>              <C>

       Investment securities held to maturity:
           U.S. government agencies, excluding
             mortgage-backed securities           $       7,290,555           336,760               --          7,627,315
           State and political subdivisions                 615,000                --               --            615,000
           Collateralized mortgage obligations            4,914,771           182,034               --          5,096,805
           Mortgage-backed securities                     3,344,122            95,874               --          3,439,996
                                                     ----------------  ---------------   --------------   -------------------
                                                  $      16,164,448           614,668               --         16,779,116
                                                     ================  ===============   ==============   ===================

       Investment securities available for sale:
           U.S. government agencies, excluding
             mortgage-backed securities           $      24,505,741           778,681            8,286         25,276,136
           State and political subdivisions               3,391,097            24,615           22,651          3,393,061
           Asset-backed securities                        1,292,580             6,601               --          1,299,181
           Collateralized mortgage obligations           52,129,133           531,627          137,834         52,522,926
           Mortgage-backed securities                    49,987,002           571,238          177,747         50,380,493
           Equity securities                              1,609,413           828,556               --          2,437,969
                                                     ----------------  ---------------   --------------   -------------------
                                                  $     132,914,966         2,741,318          346,518         135,309,766
                                                     ================  ===============   ==============   ===================

</TABLE>



                                      -56-


<PAGE>

                      AUBURN NATIONAL BANCORPORATION, INC.
                                 AND SUBSIDIARY

                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                       December 31, 2001, 2000, and 1999

       The amortized cost and approximate fair value of investment securities at
       December 31, 2001, by contractual maturity are shown below. Expected
       maturities may differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may
       have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without prepayment
       penalties.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                                        Amortized    Approximate fair
                                                          cost             value
                                                       -----------   ----------------
<S>                                                    <C>             <C>

      Investment securities held to maturity:

          Due after one year through five years        $   230,000         230,000
          Due after five years through ten years         2,000,000       2,002,500
          Due after ten years                            5,675,555       6,009,815
                                                       -----------     -----------

                    Subtotal                             7,905,555       8,242,315

          Mortgage-backed securities                     3,344,122       3,439,996
          Collateralized mortgage obligations            4,914,771       5,096,805
                                                       -----------     -----------

                    Total                              $16,164,448      16,779,116
                                                       ===========     ===========

      Investment securities available for sale:

          Due after one year through five years        $   230,000         239,780
          Due after five years through ten years        20,876,851      21,536,185
          Due after ten years                            6,789,987       6,893,232
                                                       -----------     -----------

                    Subtotal                            27,896,838      28,669,197

          Asset-backed securities                        1,292,580       1,299,181
          Mortgage-backed securities                    49,987,002      50,380,493
          Collateralized mortgage obligations           52,129,133      52,522,926
          Equity securities                              1,609,413       2,437,969
                                                       -----------     -----------
                    Total                              $32,914,966     135,309,766
                                                       ===========     ===========

</TABLE>

                                      -57-


<PAGE>

                      AUBURN NATIONAL BANCORPORATION, INC.
                                 AND SUBSIDIARY

                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                       December 31, 2001, 2000, and 1999


       The amortized cost and approximate fair value of investment securities at
December 31, 2000 were as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                                                                Gross          Gross
                                                          Amortized          unrealized       unrealized         Approximate
                                                            cost                gains          losses            fair value
                                                         ------------        ----------       ----------         -----------
<S>                                                      <C>                 <C>              <C>                <C>

       Investment securities held to maturity:
           U.S. government agencies, excluding
             mortgage-backed securities                  $14,930,429          221,545           99,448           15,052,526
           State and political subdivisions                  674,000              790               --              674,790
           Collateralized mortgage obligations             5,323,865          135,821               --            5,459,686
           Mortgage-backed securities                      5,971,271           54,274            3,636            6,021,909
                                                        ------------         --------          -------           ----------

                                                         $26,899,565          412,430          103,084           27,208,911
                                                         ===========          =======          =======           ==========

       Investment securities available for sale:
           U.S. government agencies, excluding
             mortgage-backed securities                  $25,350,900          375,771          145,937           25,580,734
           State and political subdivisions                  841,132            8,163            1,132              848,163
           Collateralized mortgage obligations            38,653,011          267,260          365,933           38,554,338
           Mortgage-backed securities                     19,843,886          139,016          135,294           19,847,608
                                                         -----------          -------          -------           ----------

                                                         $84,688,929          790,210          648,296           84,830,843
                                                         ===========          =======          =======           ==========
</TABLE>


       During the fourth quarter of 2000, the Company sold a held to maturity
       security with an amortized cost of $229,335 for a realized gain of
       $5,979. The Company sold the security in anticipation of a call that
       occurred in early 2001. The Company also recognized a loss of $4,976 and
       a gain of $8,449 during 2001 and 2000, respectively, as a result of calls
       of held to maturity securities. There were no sales of investment
       securities held to maturity during the years ended December 31, 2001 and
       1999.

       Proceeds from the sale of investment securities available for sale during
       the years ended December 31, 2001 and 2000 were $46,532,577 and
       $2,979,308, respectively. There were no sales of investment securities
       available for sale during the year ended December 31, 1999. Gross gains
       of $4,114 and $44,883 were realized on the sales for the years ended
       December 31, 2001 and 2000, respectively. Gross losses of $21,282 were
       realized on the sales for the year ended December 31, 2001.

       During 2001, the Company exchanged its ownership interest in a privately
       held entity for common shares of a publicly traded entity as part of the
       sale of the privately held entity and recognized a gain of $1,548,340.
       Upon the exchange of ownership interest, the Company reclassified this
       investment from other assets to available for sale securities.

       Investment securities with an aggregate carrying value of $105,374,190
       and $90,132,664 at December 31, 2001 and 2000, respectively, were pledged
       to secure public and trust deposits as required by law and for other
       purposes.

                                      -58-


<PAGE>

                      AUBURN NATIONAL BANCORPORATION, INC.
                                 AND SUBSIDIARY

                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                       December 31, 2001, 2000, and 1999


       The Company maintains a diversified investment portfolio, including held
       to maturity and available-for-sale securities, with limited concentration
       in any given region, industry, or economic characteristic. Investments in
       municipal governments are made throughout the U.S. with no concentration
       in any individual state.

       Included in other assets is stock in the Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) of
       Atlanta. FHLB stock is carried at cost, has no contractual maturity, has
       no quoted fair value, and no ready market exists. The investment in the
       stock is required of every member of the FHLB system. The investment in
       the stock was $2,672,200 and $2,426,600 at December 31, 2001 and 2000,
       respectively.

(4)      Loans

       At December 31, 2001 and 2000, the composition of the loan portfolio was
       as follows:

                                                      2001          2000
                                                  ------------   -----------

      Commercial, financial, and agricultural     $ 63,158,540    71,635,701
      Leases - commercial                            8,112,728            --
      Real estate - construction:
          Commercial                                 3,561,645     9,883,178
          Residential                                7,931,822     4,973,335
      Real estate - mortgage:

          Commercial                               112,075,119    89,464,559
          Residential                               51,806,165    60,128,006
      Real estate - held for sale                    9,531,098     7,533,780
      Consumer installment                          15,656,828    18,910,498
                                                  ------------   -----------
                    Total loans                    271,833,945   262,529,057

      Less allowance for loan losses                 5,339,945     3,634,442
                                                  ------------   -----------
                    Loans, net                    $266,494,000   258,894,615
                                                  ============   ===========


       During 2001 and 2000, certain executive officers and directors of the
       Company and the Bank, including companies with which they are associated,
       were loan customers of the Bank. Total loans outstanding to these persons
       at December 31, 2001 and 2000 amounted to $2,048,618 and $5,576,841,
       respectively. The change from 2000 to 2001 reflects payments of
       $5,453,512 and advances of $2,933,063. The loans outstanding as of
       December 31, 2000 to directors and executive officers, who resigned
       during 2001 amounted to $1,007,774. In management's opinion, these loans
       were made in the ordinary course of business at normal credit terms,
       including interest rate and collateral requirements, and do not represent
       more than normal credit risk.

                                      -59-


<PAGE>

                      AUBURN NATIONAL BANCORPORATION, INC.
                                 AND SUBSIDIARY

                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                       December 31, 2001, 2000, and 1999


       A summary of the transactions in the allowance for loan losses for the
       years ended December 31, 2001, 2000, and 1999 is as follows:



                                        2001             2000         1999
                                    --------------   ------------  ------------

      Balance at beginning of year   $  3,634,442      3,774,523    2,808,307
      Provision charged to earnings     3,555,000      2,622,098    2,506,090
      Loan recoveries                     121,128        352,762       91,046
      Loans charged off                (1,970,625)    (3,114,941)  (1,630,920)
                                    --------------   ------------  ------------

      Balance at end of year         $  5,339,945      3,634,442    3,774,523
                                    ==============   ============  ============


       At December 31, 2001 and 2000, the Company had $10,164,118 and
       $8,355,841, respectively, of impaired loans. Impaired loans at December
       31, 2001 and 2000 in the amount of $8,908,404 and $7,149,512,
       respectively, have a related valuation allowance of $1,412,706 and
       $528,967 at December 31, 2001 and 2000, respectively. Impaired loans at
       December 31, 2001 in the amount of $1,255,714 have no related valuation
       allowance.

       For the years ended December 31, 2001, 2000, and 1999, the average
       recorded investment in impaired loans was $8,738,654, $7,482,538, and
       $4,368,233, respectively. The amount of interest income on impaired loans
       recognized during 2001 and 2000 amounted to $119,854 and $94,519,
       respectively. No interest income was recognized on impaired loans in
       1999.

       Nonperforming loans, consisting of loans on nonaccrual status and
       accruing loans past due greater than 90 days, amounted to $11,680,010 and
       $7,819,055 at December 31, 2001 and 2000, respectively. Nonaccrual loans
       were $10,211,279, $7,792,049, and $6,074,985 at December 31, 2001, 2000,
       and 1999, respectively. Interest that would have been recorded on
       nonaccrual loans had they been in accruing status was approximately
       $528,000, $826,000, and $428,000 in 2001, 2000, and 1999, respectively.

       The Board of Directors of the Company has entered into a board resolution
       to strengthen asset quality, credit administration, and credit
       underwriting as well as liquidity, which has been agreed to by the
       Company's regulators. The Company currently reports progress under the
       resolution to the regulators on a quarterly basis.

       The Company had $1,026,000 and $874,000 in real estate acquired by
       foreclosure at December 31, 2001 and 2000, respectively.

       The Company's loan servicing portfolio consisted of 1,018 loans with an
       outstanding balance of $81,845,024, 930 loans with an outstanding balance
       of $72,770,862 and 908 loans with an outstanding balance of $70,284,016,
       as of December 31, 2001, 2000, and 1999, respectively.

                                      -60-


<PAGE>

                      AUBURN NATIONAL BANCORPORATION, INC.
                                 AND SUBSIDIARY

                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                       December 31, 2001, 2000, and 1999


(5)      Premises and Equipment

       Premises and equipment at December 31, 2001 and 2000 are summarized as
follows:

                                                       2001           2000
                                                   --------------  ------------

      Land                                          $    407,747        407,747
      Buildings                                        2,988,204      2,840,166
      Furniture, fixtures, and equipment               3,859,645      3,657,449
                                                   --------------  -------------
                    Total premises and equipment       7,255,596      6,905,362
      Less accumulated depreciation                    4,043,439      3,779,217
                                                   --------------  ------------
                                                    $  3,212,157      3,126,145
                                                   ==============  ============


(6)      Interest-Bearing Deposits

       At December 31, 2001 and 2000, the composition of interest-bearing
deposits was as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                                                                      2001             2000
                                                                                 -------------    --------------
<S>                                                                              <C>                <C>

      NOW, Super NOW, and Automatic Transfer Service                          $    59,704,861       36,894,488
      Money market                                                                 70,999,655       62,495,846
      Savings                                                                      13,702,841       11,667,452
      Certificates of deposit under $100,000                                       87,821,030       81,173,709
      Certificates of deposit and other time deposits of $100,000 and over         88,895,722       80,117,253
                                                                                 -------------    --------------
                                                                              $   321,124,109      272,348,748
                                                                                 =============    ==============

</TABLE>

       Interest expense on certificates of deposit and other time deposits of
       $100,000 and over amounted to approximately $3,378,000, $4,543,000, and
       $3,147,000 in 2001, 2000, and 1999, respectively.

       The following table presents the maturities of certificates of deposit
       and other time deposits of $100,000 or more at December 31, 2001.

            Years ending December 31:
                2002                         $        51,533,425
                2003                                  10,714,984
                2004                                  14,745,307
                2005                                   8,313,920
                2006                                   3,588,086
                                                -----------------

                                             $        88,895,722
                                                =================



                                      -61-



<PAGE>

                      AUBURN NATIONAL BANCORPORATION, INC.
                                 AND SUBSIDIARY

                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                       December 31, 2001, 2000, and 1999


       During 2001 and 2000, certain executive officers and directors of the
       Company and Bank, including companies with which they are associated,
       were deposit customers of the Bank. Total deposits of these persons at
       December 31, 2001 and 2000 amounted to $3,983,355 and $4,312,433,
       respectively.

(7)      Securities Sold Under Agreements to Repurchase

       The securities sold under agreements to repurchase at December 31, 2001
       and 2000 are collateralized by obligations of the U.S. Government or its
       corporations and agencies, state and municipal securities, or
       mortgage-backed securities, which are held by independent trustees. The
       following summarizes pertinent data related to the securities sold under
       agreements to repurchase as of and for the years ended December 31, 2001,
       2000, and 1999.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                  2001                   2000                  1999
                                                           -------------------    -------------------   --------------------
<S>                                                        <C>                     <C>                   <C>


      Weighted average borrowing rate at year-end                      1.75%                  5.95%                 5.30%
                                                           ===================    ===================   ====================

      Weighted average borrowing rate during the year                  3.40%                  6.69%                 4.92%
                                                           ===================    ===================   ====================

      Average daily balance during the year                     $ 3,178,000              4,678,000             6,832,000
                                                           ===================    ===================   ====================

      Maximum month-end balance during the year                 $10,136,000              6,746,000            13,548,000
                                                           ===================    ===================   ====================

</TABLE>



                                         -62-


<PAGE>

                      AUBURN NATIONAL BANCORPORATION, INC.
                                 AND SUBSIDIARY

                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                       December 31, 2001, 2000, and 1999


(8)      Other Borrowed Funds

       Other borrowed funds at December 31, 2001 and 2000 consisted of the
following:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                            Maturity       Interest
                                              date           rate            2001          2000
                                         --------------  ------------  ---------------  ------------
<S>                                      <C>              <C>            <C>             <C>

      Federal Home Loan Bank
          borrowings                     January 2001         5.87%    $          --     5,000,000
                                         March 2003           5.79           125,000       225,000
                                         February 2004        4.88         5,000,000     5,000,000
                                         January 2008         5.46         5,000,000     5,000,000
                                         March 2008           5.51         5,000,000     5,000,000
                                         June 2008            5.51        10,000,000    10,000,000
                                         April 2009           5.26         5,000,000     5,000,000
                                         February 2010        5.80         8,000,000     8,000,000
                                         November 2010        5.89         5,000,000     5,000,000
                                         January 2011         5.50         5,000,000            --
                                         August 2011          4.88         5,000,000            --
                                         February 2017        6.64           278,256       296,505

      Notes payable                      June 2004            3.00             6,536        11,972
                                         June 2004            6.63           171,449       187,063
                                                                      ---------------- -------------

                                                                       $  53,581,241    48,720,540
                                                                      ================ =============
</TABLE>


       Required annual principal payments on long-term debt for years subsequent
to December 31, 2001 are as follows:

                  2002                                  $   142,684
                  2003                                       66,366
                  2004                                    5,148,685
                  2005                                       18,250
                  2006                                       18,250
                  Thereafter                             48,187,006
                                                   --------------------
                                Total                   $53,581,241
                                                   ====================


       The Bank has a $75,039,000 available line of credit from the FHLB which
       is reviewed annually by the FHLB. The above advances are against this
       line of credit. Interest expense on FHLB advances was $2,795,007,
       $2,467,523, and $2,118,190 in 2001, 2000, and 1999, respectively. All
       interest rates on outstanding advances are fixed interest rates. The
       advances and line of credit are collateralized by the Bank's investment
       in the stock of the FHLB, all eligible first mortgage residential loans,
       and investments securities totaling $6,707,688, which are sufficient to
       draw the full line of credit.

                                    -63-



<PAGE>

                      AUBURN NATIONAL BANCORPORATION, INC.
                                 AND SUBSIDIARY

                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                       December 31, 2001, 2000, and 1999


(9)      Comprehensive Income (Loss)

       The following table sets forth the amounts of other comprehensive income
       (loss) included in stockholders' equity along with the related tax effect
       for the years ended December 31, 2001, 2000, and 1999.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                         Tax
                                                                 Pretax               (expense)                Net of
                                                                 amount                benefit               tax amount
                                                           -------------------    -------------------    -------------------
<S>                                                        <C>                     <C>                     <C>

      2001:
          Net unrealized holding gains on investment
            securities available for sale arising
            during the year                             $         2,235,706               (894,283)             1,341,423
          Reclassification adjustment for net losses
            realized in net income                                  (17,168)                 6,870                (10,298)
                                                           -------------------    -------------------    -------------------

          Other comprehensive income                    $         2,252,886               (901,153)             1,351,733
                                                           ===================    ===================    ===================

      2000:
          Net unrealized holding gains on investment
            securities available for sale arising
            during the year                             $         3,243,677             (1,297,472)            1,946,205
          Reclassification adjustment for net gains
            realized in net income                                   44,883                (17,953)               26,930
                                                           -------------------    -------------------   --------------------

          Other comprehensive income                    $         3,198,794             (1,279,519)            1,919,275
                                                           ===================    ===================   ====================

      1999:
          Net unrealized holding losses on investment
            securities available for sale arising
            during the year                             $        (3,613,423)             1,445,369            (2,168,054)
          Reclassification adjustment for net gains
            realized in net income                                       --                     --                    --
                                                           -------------------    -------------------   --------------------

          Other comprehensive loss                      $        (3,613,423)             1,445,369            (2,168,054)
                                                           ===================    ===================   ====================

</TABLE>



                                      -64-


<PAGE>

                      AUBURN NATIONAL BANCORPORATION, INC.
                                 AND SUBSIDIARY

                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                       December 31, 2001, 2000, and 1999


(10)     Income Tax Expense

       Total income tax expense (benefit) for the years ended December 31, 2001,
2000, and 1999 was allocated as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                                                  2001                   2000                  1999
                                                           -------------------    -------------------   --------------------
<S>                                                        <C>                     <C>                   <C>
      Income from continuing operations                 $         1,880,899              1,432,279             1,559,470
      Cumulative effect of change in accounting
          principle                                                  93,323                     --                    --
      Stockholders' equity, for accumulated other
          comprehensive income (loss)                               901,153              1,279,519            (1,445,369)

</TABLE>

       For the years ended December 31, 2001, 2000, and 1999 the components of
       income tax expense from continuing operations were as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                  2001                   2000                  1999
                                                           -------------------    -------------------   --------------------
<S>                                                         <C>                    <C>                    <C>
      Current income tax expense:
          Federal                                       $         1,422,534                 68,872             1,682,584
          State                                                     (26,633)                    --                 1,368
                                                           -------------------    -------------------   --------------------
                    Total                                         1,395,901                 68,872             1,683,952
                                                           -------------------    -------------------   --------------------

      Deferred income tax expense (benefit):
          Federal                                                   417,716              1,354,103              (111,107)
          State                                                      67,282                  9,304               (13,375)
                                                           -------------------    -------------------   --------------------
                    Total                                           484,998              1,363,407              (124,482)
                                                           -------------------    -------------------   --------------------
                                                        $         1,880,899              1,432,279             1,559,470
                                                           ===================    ===================   ====================

</TABLE>



                               -65-


<PAGE>

                      AUBURN NATIONAL BANCORPORATION, INC.
                                 AND SUBSIDIARY

                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                       December 31, 2001, 2000, and 1999


       Total income tax expense differed from the amount computed by applying
       the statutory federal income tax rate of 34% to pretax earnings as
       follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                  2001                   2000                  1999
                                                           -------------------    -------------------   --------------------
<S>                                                         <C>                     <C>                    <C>

      Income tax expense at statutory rate              $         2,147,931              1,511,740             1,523,706
      Increase (decrease) resulting from:
          Tax-exempt interest                                       (28,075)               (16,829)              (26,895)
          State income taxes net of Federal income
            tax effect                                               26,829                  6,141                (7,925)
          Decrease in valuation allowance for
            deferred tax assets                                          --                     --                (6,423)
          Low-income housing credit                                (229,290)                    --                    --
          Dividends received deduction                               (8,187)               (40,435)              (11,305)
          Other                                                     (28,309)               (28,338)               88,312
                                                           -------------------    -------------------   --------------------

                                                        $         1,880,899              1,432,279             1,559,470
                                                           ===================    ===================   ====================

</TABLE>



                                   -66-


<PAGE>

                      AUBURN NATIONAL BANCORPORATION, INC.
                                 AND SUBSIDIARY

                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                       December 31, 2001, 2000, and 1999


       The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to significant
       portions of the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities at
       December 31, 2001 and 2000 are presented below:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                                                                        2001                   2000
                                                                                 --------------------   --------------------
<S>                                                                               <C>                      <C>

      Deferred tax assets:
          Loans, principally due to allowance for loan losses                         $ 1,164,999                857,724
          Principal amortization of leases                                                 91,117                     --
          Other                                                                            61,972                 37,632
                                                                                 --------------------   --------------------
                    Total gross deferred tax assets before valuation
                      allowance                                                         1,318,088                895,356
          Valuation allowance                                                                  --                     --
                                                                                 --------------------   --------------------
                    Total deferred tax assets                                           1,318,088                895,356
                                                                                 --------------------   --------------------

      Deferred tax liabilities:
          Premises and equipment, principally due to differences in
            depreciation                                                                  674,264                101,854
          Investments, principally due to discount accretion                              114,276                278,004
          Basis difference in equity investment                                           567,730                     --
          FHLB stock dividend                                                              16,758                 16,758
          Prepaid expenses                                                                 63,983                 82,459
          Loans, principally due to differences in deferred loan fees                      61,464                 61,464
          Unrealized gain on investment securities available for sale                     957,920                 56,767
          Deferred REIT income                                                          1,172,560              1,279,019
          Other                                                                            59,504                  3,251
                                                                                 --------------------   --------------------
                    Total deferred tax liabilities                                      3,688,459              1,879,576
                                                                                 --------------------   --------------------
                    Net deferred tax liability                                        $(2,370,371)              (984,220)
                                                                                 ====================   ====================

</TABLE>

       In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management
       considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of
       the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of
       deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable
       income during the periods in which those temporary differences become
       deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax
       liabilities, projected future taxable income, and tax planning strategies
       in making this assessment. Based upon the level of historical taxable
       income and projection for future taxable income over the periods which
       the temporary differences resulting in the deferred tax assets are
       deductible, management believes it is more likely than not that the
       Company will realize the benefits of these deductible differences.

                                  -67-


<PAGE>

                      AUBURN NATIONAL BANCORPORATION, INC.
                                 AND SUBSIDIARY

                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                       December 31, 2001, 2000, and 1999


(11)     Retirement Plans

       The Bank has a defined contribution retirement plan that covers
       substantially all employees. Participants become 20% vested in their
       accounts after two years of service and 100% vested after six years of
       service. Contributions to the plan are determined by the board of
       directors. Company contributions to the plan amounted to $87,882,
       $91,611, and $75,648 in 2001, 2000, and 1999, respectively.

(12)     Off-Balance-Sheet Commitments, Derivatives, and Contingent Liabilities

       Off-Balance-Sheet Commitments

       The Company is a party to financial instruments with off-balance-sheet
       risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of its
       customers. These financial instruments include commitments to extend
       credit and standby letters of credit. Such instruments involve elements
       of credit risk in excess of the amounts recognized in the consolidated
       financial statements.

       The Company's exposure to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by
       the other party to these financial instruments is represented by the
       contractual amount of these instruments. The Company uses the same credit
       policies in making commitments and conditional obligations as it does for
       on-balance-sheet instruments.

       The financial instruments whose contract amounts represent credit risk as
       of December 31, 2001 are as follows:

               Commitments to extend credit               $36,931,000
               Standby letters of credit                    7,350,000


       Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long
       as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract.
       Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination
       clauses and may require payment of a fee. Since many of the commitments
       are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment
       amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements.

       Standby letters of credit are commitments issued by the Company to
       guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. Those
       guarantees are primarily issued to support public and private borrowing
       arrangements. All guarantees expire within one year. The credit risk
       involved in issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as that
       involved in extending loan facilities to customers. The Company holds
       various assets as collateral supporting those commitments for which
       collateral is deemed necessary.

       Derivatives

       The Bank enters into interest rate protection contracts to help manage
       the Bank's interest rate exposure. These contracts include interest rate
       swaps, caps, and floors. Interest rate swap transactions generally
       involve the exchange of fixed and floating rate interest payment
       obligations without the exchange of the underlying principal amounts.
       Entering into interest rate swap agreements involves not only the risk of
       dealing with counterparties and their ability to meet the terms of the
       contracts but also the risk associated

                                     -68-


<PAGE>

                      AUBURN NATIONAL BANCORPORATION, INC.
                                 AND SUBSIDIARY

                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                       December 31, 2001, 2000, and 1999


       with the movements in interest rates. Notional principal amounts often
       are used to express the volume of these transactions; however, the
       amounts potentially subject to credit risk are much smaller. The notional
       principal amount related to these contracts was $5,000,000 at December
       31, 2001. Risks associated with interest rate contracts include interest
       rate risk and creditworthiness of the counterparty. These risks are
       considered in the Bank's overall asset liability management program. The
       Bank utilizes periodic financial statements issued by the counterparty to
       analyze the creditworthiness of the counterparty prior to entering into a
       contract and to monitor changes in the financial condition of the
       counterparty throughout the term of the contract.

       In 1999, the Bank entered into four interest rate swaps with respect to
       various fixed rate certificates of deposit. These agreements allow the
       Bank to receive fixed interest payments at rates ranging from 5.44% to
       7.75% per annum and to pay a variable rate equal to three-month LIBOR in
       the case of two swaps, and three-month LIBOR plus three basis points in
       the case of two swaps. The purpose of these contracts is to hedge the
       fair value risk of fixed-rate liabilities. Three of these contracts with
       the total notional value of $20,000,000 were terminated during 2001.
       There was no significant gain or loss resulting from these terminations.

       In February 2000, the Bank entered into an interest rate swap with
       respect to $10,000,000 in variable rate loans. This agreement allows the
       Bank to receive fixed-interest payments at 9.80% per annum and to pay a
       variable rate equal to prime. The purpose of these contracts was to
       reduce interest rate exposure to variable assets in a low-interest rate
       environment. During 2001, the Bank recorded a gain of $238,000 due to
       change in fair value of this interest rate swap. This contract, which was
       not specifically designated as a hedging instrument, was terminated
       during 2001 for an additional gain of $34,000.

       The following table summarizes information on the outstanding interest
       rate swap which is accounted for as a fair value hedge at December 31,
       2001:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                              Weighted average rate during
                                            (In thousands)                                 year
                             ----------------------------------------------   ------------------------------
                                                                                                                Weighted
                                                                                                                 average
                                Notional        Carrying        Estimated                                       remaining
                                 amount          value         fair value       Received         Paid (1)      life (years)
                             -------------   -------------    -------------   -------------    -------------   -------------
<S>                          <C>              <C>              <C>              <C>              <C>             <C>
      Swap:
          Over one year
            through
            five years   $       5,000            204             204             5.68             4.50             2.3
                             =============   =============    =============
</TABLE>


       (1)  The interest rate protection contract above reprices quarterly.
            The variable pay rate is based upon the three-month LIBOR.

                                    -69-

<PAGE>

                      AUBURN NATIONAL BANCORPORATION, INC.
                                 AND SUBSIDIARY

                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                       December 31, 2001, 2000, and 1999

       Contingent Liabilities

       The Company and the Bank are involved in various legal proceedings,
       arising in connection with their business. In the opinion of management,
       based upon consultation with legal counsel, the ultimate resolution of
       these proceedings will not have a material adverse effect upon the
       financial position or results of operations of the Company and Bank.

(13)     Fair Value of Financial Instruments

       SFAS No. 107, Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments,
       requires disclosure of fair value information about financial
       instruments, whether or not recognized on the face of the balance sheet,
       for which it is practicable to estimate that value. The assumptions used
       in the estimation of the fair value of the Company's financial
       instruments are explained below. Where quoted market prices are not
       available, fair values are based on estimates using discounted cash flow
       and other valuation techniques. Discounted cash flows can be
       significantly affected by the assumptions used, including the discount
       rate and estimates of future cash flows. The following fair value
       estimates cannot be substantiated by comparison to independent markets
       and should not be considered representative of the liquidation value of
       the Company's financial instruments, but rather a good-faith estimate of
       the fair value of financial instruments held by the Company. SFAS No. 107
       excludes certain financial instruments and all nonfinancial instruments
       from its disclosure requirements.

       The following methods and assumptions were used by the Company in
estimating the fair value of its financial instruments:

       (a)        Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Interest-Earning Deposits with
                  Other Banks

              Fair value equals the carrying value of such assets.

       (b)        Investment Securities

              The fair value of investment securities is based on quoted market
              prices.

       (c)        Loans

              The fair value of loans is calculated using discounted cash flows.
              The discount rates used to determine the present value of the loan
              portfolio are estimated market discount rates that reflect the
              credit and interest rate risk inherent in the loan portfolio. The
              estimated maturities are based on the Company's historical
              experience with repayments adjusted to estimate the effect of
              current market conditions. The carrying amount of accrued interest
              approximates its fair value.

       (d)        Derivatives

              Fair value of interest rate swaps is based on prices quoted by the
              counterparty. These values represent the estimated amount the
              Company would receive or pay to terminate the contracts or
              agreements, taking into account current interest rates and, when
              appropriate, the creditworthiness of the counterparties.

                                    -70-



<PAGE>

                      AUBURN NATIONAL BANCORPORATION, INC.
                                 AND SUBSIDIARY

                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                       December 31, 2001, 2000, and 1999


       (e)        Deposits

              As required by SFAS No. 107, the fair value of deposits with no
              stated maturity, such as noninterest-bearing demand deposits, NOW
              accounts, savings, and money market deposit accounts, is equal to
              the carrying value. Certificates of deposit have been valued using
              discounted cash flows. The discount rates used are based on
              estimated market rates for deposits of similar remaining
              maturities.

       (f)        Short-term Borrowings

              The fair values of federal funds purchased, securities sold under
              agreements to repurchase, and other short-term borrowings
              approximate their carrying value.

       (g)        Long-term Borrowings

              The fair value of the Company's fixed rate long-term debt is
              estimated using discounted cash flows based on estimated current
              market rates for similar types of borrowing arrangements. The
              carrying amount of the Company's variable rate long-term debt
              approximates its fair value.

              The carrying value and estimated fair value of the Company's
              financial instruments at December 31, 2001 and 2000 are as follows
              (in thousands):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                                            2001                                      2000
                                            --------------------------------------    --------------------------------------
                                                Carrying          Estimated fair           Carrying          Estimated fair
                                                 amount               value                 amount               value
                                            -----------------    -----------------    -----------------    -----------------
<S>                                          <C>                   <C>                 <C>                  <C>
        Financial assets:
              Cash and short-term
                investments              $           31,922               31,922               18,365               18,365
                                            =================    =================    =================    =================
              Investment securities      $          151,474              152,089              111,730              112,040
                                            =================    =================    =================    =================
              Loans, net of allowance
                for loan losses          $          266,494              295,647              258,895              262,138
                                            =================    =================    =================    =================

          Financial liabilities:
              Deposits                   $          369,668              371,293              315,641              316,390
                                            =================    =================    =================    =================
              Short-term borrowings      $           10,136               10,136                4,389                4,389
                                            =================    =================    =================    =================
              Long-term borrowings       $           53,581               66,245               48,721               46,236
                                            =================    =================    =================    =================

          Interest rate contracts:
              Swaps                      $              204                  204                  --                   183
                                            =================    =================    =================    =================
</TABLE>


(14)     Common Stock and Capital Requirements

       The Company and Bank are subject to various regulatory capital
       requirements administered by the federal banking agencies. Failure to
       meet minimum capital requirements can initiate certain mandatory - and
       possibly additional discretionary - actions by regulators that, if
       undertaken, could have a direct material effect on the consolidated
       financial statements. Under capital adequacy guidelines and the
       regulatory framework for prompt corrective action, the Company and Bank
       must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures
       of the Company's and Bank's assets, liabilities, and certain
       off-balance-sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting
       practices. The Company's and Bank's capital amounts and

                                         -71-                    (Continued)

<PAGE>

                      AUBURN NATIONAL BANCORPORATION, INC.
                                 AND SUBSIDIARY

                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                       December 31, 2001, 2000, and 1999


       classification are also subject to qualitative judgments by the
       regulators about components, risk weightings, and other factors.
       Quantitative measures established by regulation to ensure capital
       adequacy require the Company and Bank to maintain minimum amounts and
       ratios (set forth in the table below) of total and Tier I capital (as
       defined in the regulations) to risk-weighted assets (as defined), and of
       Tier I capital (as defined) to average assets (as defined). Management
       believes, as of December 31, 2001, that the Company and Bank meet all
       capital adequacy requirements to which they are subject.

       As of December 31, 2001, based on its most recent notification, the Bank
       is categorized as well capitalized under the regulatory framework for
       prompt corrective action. To be categorized as well capitalized, the Bank
       must maintain minimum total risk-based, Tier I risk-based, and Tier I
       leverage ratios as set forth in the table. There are no conditions or
       events since that notification that management believes have changed the
       Bank's capital category.

       The actual capital amounts and ratios and the aforementioned minimums as
       of December 31, 2001 and 2000 are as follows (dollars in thousands):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                      Minimum              Minimum to be well
                                                                                    for capital            capitalized under
                                                                                     adequacy              prompt corrective
                                                            Actual                    purposes              action provisions
                                                    ------------------------   ----------------------    -----------------------
                                                     Amount         Ratio        Amount       Ratio        Amount        Ratio
                                                    ----------    ----------   -----------   --------    -----------    --------
<S>                                                  <C>            <C>          <C>          <C>         <C>           <C>
     Auburn National Bancorporation, Inc.
         As of December 31, 2001
             Total capital (to risk-weighted
               assets)                                $37,998       12.48%        $24,348          8%       $   N/A         N/A
             Tier I risk-based capital (to
               risk-weighted assets)                   33,801       11.11          12,174          4            N/A         N/A
             Tier I leverage capital (to average
               assets)                                 33,801        7.36          18,933          4            N/A         N/A

         As of December 31, 2000
             Total capital (to risk-weighted
               assets)                                 35,200       12.65%         22,263          8%           N/A         N/A
             Tier I risk-based capital (to
               risk-weighted assets)                   31,720       11.40          11,132          4            N/A         N/A
             Tier I leverage capital (to average
               assets)                                 31,720        7.85          16,160          4            N/A         N/A

     AuburnBank
         As of December 31, 2001
             Total capital (to risk-weighted
               assets)                                 35,320       11.70%         24,144          8%        30,180          10%
             Tier I risk-based capital (to
               risk-weighted assets)                   31,528       10.45          12,072          4         18,108           6
             Tier I leverage capital (to average
               assets)                                 31,528        6.92          18,760          4         23,450           5

         As of December 31, 2000
             Total capital (to risk-weighted
               assets)                                 31,564       11.84%         21,318          8%        26,648          10%
             Tier I risk-based capital (to
               risk-weighted assets)                   28,228       10.59          10,659          4         15,989           6
             Tier I leverage capital (to average
               assets)                                 28,228        7.52          15,015          4         18,769           5

</TABLE>

                                      -72-

<PAGE>

                      AUBURN NATIONAL BANCORPORATION, INC.
                                 AND SUBSIDIARY

                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                       December 31, 2001, 2000, and 1999


(15)     Dividends from Subsidiary

       Dividends paid by the Bank are a principal source of funds available to
       the Company for payment of dividends to its stockholders and for other
       needs. Applicable federal and state statutes and regulations impose
       restrictions on the amounts of dividends that may be declared by the
       subsidiary bank. State statutes restrict the Bank from declaring
       dividends in excess of the sum of the current year's earnings plus the
       retained net earnings from the preceding two years without prior
       approval. In addition to the formal statutes and regulations, regulatory
       authorities also consider the adequacy of the Bank's total capital in
       relation to its assets, deposits, and other such items. Capital adequacy
       considerations could further limit the availability of dividends from the
       Bank. At December 31, 2001, the Bank could have declared additional
       dividends of approximately $5,355,000 without prior approval of
       regulatory authorities. As a result of this limitation, approximately
       $27,113,000 of the Company's investment in the Bank was restricted from
       transfer in the form of dividends.

(16)     Supplemental Information

       Components of other noninterest income exceeding 1% of revenues for any
       of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2001, included
       merchant discounts and fees on MasterCard and Visa sales of $1,179,391,
       $1,003,988, and $656,187 in 2001, 2000, and 1999, respectively. Also
       included were servicing fees of $211,374, $193,375, and $191,310 in 2001,
       2000, and 1999, respectively; and, rental income of $155,954, $144,232,
       and $145,232 in 2001, 2000, and 1999, respectively.

       Components of other noninterest expense exceeding 1% of revenues for any
       of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2001, included
       professional fees of $325,907, $355,922, and $405,197 in 2001, 2000, and
       1999, respectively. Also included were marketing expenses of $391,139,
       $203,201, and $165,565 in 2001, 2000, and 1999, respectively; rental
       property expenses of $239,625, $243,673, and $246,273 in 2001, 2000, and
       1999, respectively; MasterCard and Visa processing fees of $1,239,288,
       $1,044,257, and $650,061 in 2001, 2000, and 1999, respectively; and
       computer software expenses of $405,526, $343,206, and $267,749,
       respectively.

                                   -73-

<PAGE>

                      AUBURN NATIONAL BANCORPORATION, INC.
                                 AND SUBSIDIARY

                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                       December 31, 2001, 2000, and 1999


(17)     Parent Company Financial Information

       The condensed financial information for Auburn National Bancorporation,
       Inc. (Parent Company Only) is presented as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                             Parent Company Only
                                                           Condensed Balance Sheets

                                                          December 31, 2001 and 2000


                                      Assets                                            2001                   2000
                                                                                 --------------------   --------------------
<S>                                                                               <C>                     <C>

      Cash and due from banks                                                 $           177,123                195,507
      Investment securities held to maturity                                              230,969                281,112
      Investment securities available for sale                                          2,437,969                     --
      Investment in bank subsidiary                                                    32,467,644             29,810,287
      Premises and equipment, net                                                          10,787                 16,429
      Rental property, net                                                              1,564,238              1,594,168
      Other assets                                                                        117,169                152,133
                                                                                 --------------------   --------------------
                    Total assets                                              $        37,005,899             32,049,636
                                                                                 ====================   ====================

                       Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity

      Other borrowed funds                                                    $           177,985                199,035
      Accrued expenses and other liabilities                                              993,981                 45,544
                                                                                 --------------------   --------------------
                    Total liabilities                                                   1,171,966                244,579
                                                                                 --------------------   --------------------

      Stockholders' equity:
          Preferred stock of $0.01 par value; Authorized 200,000 shares;
            issued shares - none                                                               --                     --
          Common stock of $0.01 par value; Authorized 8,500,000 shares;
            issued 3,957,135 shares                                                        39,571                 39,571
          Additional paid-in capital                                                    3,707,472              3,707,472
          Retained earnings                                                            31,202,869             28,187,466
          Accumulated other comprehensive income                                        1,436,880                 85,147
      Less:
          Treasury stock, at cost - 62,517 shares and 32,562 shares for
            December 31, 2001 and 2000, respectively                                     (552,859)              (214,599)
                                                                                 --------------------   --------------------
                    Total stockholders' equity                                         35,833,933             31,805,057
                                                                                 --------------------   --------------------
                    Total liabilities and stockholders' equity                $        37,005,899             32,049,636
                                                                                 ====================   ====================

</TABLE>



                                 -74-


<PAGE>

                      AUBURN NATIONAL BANCORPORATION, INC.
                                 AND SUBSIDIARY

                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                       December 31, 2001, 2000, and 1999

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                             Parent Company Only
                                                       Condensed Statements of Earnings
                                               Years Ended December 31, 2001, 2000, and 1999

                                                                  2001                   2000                  1999
                                                           -------------------    -------------------   --------------------
<S>                                                         <C>                      <C>                   <C>

      Income:
          Cash dividends from bank subsidiary           $         1,850,000              1,660,000               855,000
          Interest on investment securities:
            Taxable                                                     276                    742                 1,250
            Tax-exempt                                               14,275                 16,761                28,246
          Gain on exchange of investment securities               1,548,340                     --                    --
          Other income                                              374,211                510,621               688,799
                                                           -------------------    -------------------   --------------------
                    Total income                                  3,787,102              2,188,124             1,573,295
                                                           -------------------    -------------------   --------------------

      Expense:
          Interest on borrowed funds                                 14,159                 12,953                13,568
          Net occupancy expense                                       9,008                 12,543                21,134
          Salaries and benefits                                       8,335                373,547               317,082
          Other                                                     421,548                369,420               362,411
                                                           -------------------    -------------------   --------------------
                    Total expense                                   453,050                768,463               714,195
                                                           -------------------    -------------------   --------------------

                    Earnings before income tax
                      expense (benefit) and equity in
                      undistributed earnings of
                      subsidiary                                  3,334,052              1,419,661               859,100

          Applicable income tax expense (benefit)                   558,590                (96,842)               (7,965)
                                                           -------------------    -------------------   --------------------

                    Earnings before equity in
                      undistributed earnings of
                      subsidiary                                  2,775,462              1,516,503               867,065

          Equity in undistributed earnings of bank
            subsidiary                                            1,802,760              1,497,511             2,054,953
                                                           -------------------    -------------------   --------------------

                    Net earnings                        $         4,578,222              3,014,014             2,922,018
                                                           ===================    ===================   ====================

</TABLE>



                                 -75-

<PAGE>

                      AUBURN NATIONAL BANCORPORATION, INC.
                                 AND SUBSIDIARY

                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                       December 31, 2001, 2000, and 1999
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                                             Parent Company Only
                                                      Condensed Statements of Cash Flows

                                                Years Ended December 31, 2001, 2000, and 1999


                                                                    2001                   2000                   1999
                                                             --------------------   -------------------    -------------------
<S>                                                            <C>                    <C>                    <C>

      Cash flows from operating activities:

          Net earnings                                    $         4,578,222              3,014,014              2,922,018
          Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net
            cash provided by operating activities:
              Depreciation and amortization                           111,429                107,285                118,130
              Gain on exchange of investment securities            (1,548,340)                    --                     --
              Equity in undistributed earnings of
                subsidiary                                         (1,802,760)            (1,497,511)            (2,054,953)
              (Increase) decrease in other assets                     (26,108)                14,756                  2,361
              Increase (decrease) in other liabilities                617,016                (91,367)                29,427
                                                             --------------------   -------------------    -------------------

                    Net cash provided by operating
                      activities                                    1,929,459              1,547,177              1,016,983

      Cash flows from investing activities:
          Proceeds from paydowns of investment
            securities held to maturity                                 5,143                  4,574                  6,542
          Proceeds from calls of investment securities
            held to maturity                                           45,000                 45,000                305,000
          Purchase of premises and equipment                               --                 (3,996)                    --
          Additions to rental property                                (75,857)               (22,306)                (5,070)
                                                             --------------------   -------------------    -------------------

                    Net cash (used in) provided by
                      investing activities                            (25,714)                23,272                306,472
                                                             --------------------   -------------------    -------------------

      Cash flows from financing activities:

          Repayments of other borrowed funds                          (21,050)               (22,255)               (21,163)
          Dividends paid                                           (1,562,819)            (1,569,829)            (1,255,863)
          Purchase of treasury stock                                 (338,260)                    --                     --
                                                             --------------------   -------------------    -------------------

                    Net cash used in financing activities          (1,922,129)            (1,592,084)            (1,277,026)
                                                             --------------------   -------------------    -------------------

                    Net (decrease) increase in cash and
                      cash equivalents                                (18,384)               (21,635)                46,429

      Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                  195,507                217,142                170,713
                                                             --------------------   -------------------    -------------------

      Cash and cash equivalents at end of year            $           177,123                195,507                217,142
                                                             ====================   ===================    ===================

</TABLE>

                                -76-

<PAGE>

                      AUBURN NATIONAL BANCORPORATION, INC.
                                 AND SUBSIDIARY

                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                       December 31, 2001, 2000, and 1999


(18)     Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited)

       The supplemental quarterly financial data for the years ended December
31, 2001 and 2000 is summarized as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                                                         Quarter ended
                                    ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                         March 31,              June 30,             September 30,           December 31,
                                           2001                   2001                   2001                    2001
                                    -------------------    -------------------    -------------------   --------------------
<S>                                   <C>                     <C>                   <C>                    <C>
      Interest income            $         7,788,168              7,541,289              7,448,125             7,104,959
      Interest expense                     4,383,086              4,013,090              3,961,896             3,679,668
      Net interest income                  3,405,082              3,528,199              3,486,229             3,425,291
      Provision for loan losses            1,235,000                375,000                425,000             1,520,000
      Net earnings                         1,716,909              1,206,112              1,060,502               594,699
      Net earnings per share -
          basic                                0.44                   0.31                   0.27                  0.15

                                                                         Quarter ended
                                    ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                         March 31,                June 30,             September 30,           December 31,
                                           2000                     2000                   2000                   2000
                                    -------------------    -------------------    -------------------   --------------------
      Interest income            $         7,283,195              7,470,701              7,671,102             7,801,221
      Interest expense                     4,114,875              4,373,800              4,501,896             4,651,530
      Net interest income                  3,168,320              3,096,901              3,169,206             3,149,691
      Provision for loan losses              315,000                495,000              1,353,000               459,098
      Net earnings                           924,069                878,531                345,671               865,743
      Net earnings per share -
          basic                                 0.24                   0.22                   0.09                  0.22

</TABLE>

                                    -77-

<PAGE>

                                   SIGNATURES

      In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the registrant
caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
authorized, in the City of Auburn, State of Alabama, on the 29th day of March,
2002.

                                    AUBURN NATIONAL BANCORPORATION, INC.
                                    (Registrant)


                                    By:  /S/  E. L. SPENCER, JR.
                                       -------------------------
                                           E. L. Spencer, Jr.
                                           President

      In accordance with the Exchange Act, this report has been signed below by
the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on
the dates indicated.


          Signature                     Title                       Date
          ---------                     -----                       ----

  /S/  E. L. SPENCER, JR.          President, CEO and           March 29, 2002
---------------------------        Chairman of the Board
E. L. Spencer, Jr.


  /S/  C. WAYNE ALDERMAN           Director of Financial        March 29, 2002
--------------------------         Operations
C. Wayne Alderman


  /S/  TERRY W. ANDRUS             Director                     March 29, 2002
---------------------------
Terry W. Andrus

 /S/  ANNE M. MAY                  Director                     March 29, 2002
---------------------------
Anne M. May


 /S/  EMIL F. WRIGHT, JR.          Director                     March 29, 2002
---------------------------
Emil F. Wright, Jr.





                                      -78-

<PAGE>

                      AUBURN NATIONAL BANCORPORATION, INC.

                                  EXHIBIT INDEX
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


  Exhibit                                                                             Sequentially
  Number                                    Description                              Numbered Page
  -------                                   -----------                              -------------
<S>         <C>                                                                       <C>

   3.1.    Certificate of Incorporation of Auburn National Bancorporation, Inc. *           -


   3.2.    Bylaws of Auburn National Bancorporation, Inc. *                                 -


   10.1.   Auburn National Bancorporation, Inc. 1994 Long-Term Incentive Plan. *            -


   10.2.   Lease and Equipment Purchase Agreement, dated September 15, 1987. *              -


   21.1.   Subsidiaries of Registrant


   23.1.   Consent of Accountants
</TABLE>


------------------
*Incorporated by reference from Registrant's Registration Statement on
Form SB-2 (File No. 33-86180).



                                      -79-


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
