<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K405
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>c66595e10-k405.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 10-K FOR FISCAL YEAR END SEPTEMBER 30, 2001
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
                             ---------------------

                                   FORM 10-K

<Table>
<C>          <S>
    [X]      ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)
             OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934



             FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2001



                                   OR




    [ ]      TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)
             OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934



             FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM           TO
</Table>

                        COMMISSION FILE NUMBER 000-30205
                             ---------------------

                       CABOT MICROELECTRONICS CORPORATION
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

<Table>
<S>                                                    <C>
                       DELAWARE                                              36-4324765
               (State of Incorporation)                                   (I.R.S. Employer
                                                                        Identification No.)

               870 NORTH COMMONS DRIVE                                         60504
                   AURORA, ILLINOIS                                          (Zip Code)
       (Address of principal executive offices)
</Table>

              REGISTRANT'S TELEPHONE NUMBER, INCLUDING AREA CODE:
                                 (630) 375-6631

          SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OF THE ACT:
                                      NONE

          SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(g) OF THE ACT:
                         COMMON STOCK, $0.001 PAR VALUE

    Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes [X]    No [ ]

    Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item
405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. [X]

    The aggregate market value of the registrant's Common Stock held
beneficially or of record by stockholders who are not affiliates of the
registrant, based upon the closing price of the Common Stock on November 30,
2001 as reported by the Nasdaq National Market, was approximately
$1,671,000,000. For the purposes hereof, "affiliates" include all executive
officers and directors of the registrant.

    As of November 30, 2001, the Company had 24,092,256 shares of Common Stock
outstanding.

                      DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

    Portions of the registrant's definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual
Meeting of Stockholders to be held on March 12, 2002 are incorporated by
reference in Part III of this Form 10-K to the extent stated herein.

    This Form 10-K includes statements that constitute "forward-looking
statements" within the meaning of federal securities regulations. For more
detail regarding "forward-looking statements" see item 7 of Part II of this Form
10-K.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<PAGE>

                       CABOT MICROELECTRONICS CORPORATION
                                   FORM 10-K
                  FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2001

                                     INDEX

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                        PAGE
                                                                        ----
<S>       <C>                                                           <C>
                                   PART I
Item 1.   Business....................................................    2
Item 2.   Properties..................................................   13
Item 3.   Legal Proceedings...........................................   13
Item 4.   Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.........   14
          Executive Officers of the Registrant........................   15

                                  PART II
Item 5.   Market for Registrant's Common Equity and Related
          Stockholder Matters.........................................   16
Item 6.   Selected Financial Data.....................................   17
Item 7.   Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
          and Results of Operations...................................   19
Item 7A.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market
          Risk........................................................   30
Item 8.   Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.................   31
Item 9.   Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
          and Financial Disclosure....................................   59

                                  PART III
Item 10.  Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant..........   59
Item 11.  Executive Compensation......................................   59
Item 12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
          Management..................................................   59
Item 13.  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions..............   59

                                  PART IV
Item 14.  Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules and Reports on Form
          8-K.........................................................   60
Exhibit Index.........................................................   60
Signatures............................................................   62
</Table>

                                        1
<PAGE>

                                     PART I

ITEM 1.  BUSINESS

OUR COMPANY

     Cabot Microelectronics Corporation ("Cabot Microelectronics", "the
Company", "us", "we", or "our") is the leading supplier of high performance
polishing slurries used in the manufacture of the most advanced integrated
circuit ("IC") devices, within a process called chemical mechanical
planarization ("CMP"). We believe that we supply approximately 80% of the
slurries sold to IC device manufacturers worldwide. CMP is a polishing process
used by IC device manufacturers to planarize or flatten many of the multiple
layers of material that are built upon silicon wafers and necessary in the
production of advanced ICs. Planarization is a polishing process that levels and
smooths, and removes the excess material from the surfaces of these layers. CMP
slurries are liquid formulations that facilitate and enhance this polishing
process and generally contain engineered abrasives and proprietary chemicals.
CMP enables IC device manufacturers to produce smaller, faster and more complex
IC devices with fewer defects. We believe CMP will become increasingly important
in the future as manufacturers seek to further shrink the size of these devices
and improve their performance. Most of our CMP slurries are used to polish
insulating layers and the tungsten plugs that go through the insulating layers
and connect the multiple wiring layers of IC devices. We have continued
development and increased our sales of slurries used to polish copper, a metal
used in wiring layers of IC device fabrication. Also, we have developed and have
begun to sell CMP slurries for polishing several components in hard disk drives,
specifically rigid disk substrates and magnetic heads. We continue to develop
slurries for additional new applications in the microelectronics industry. In
addition, we have begun limited sales of polishing pads used in the CMP process.
Like slurry, polishing pads are important consumables used in the CMP process.

     Prior to our initial public offering on April 4, 2000, we operated as a
division of Cabot Corporation ("Cabot Corporation"), a global chemical
manufacturing company based in Boston, Massachusetts. Following our initial
public offering, Cabot Corporation owned approximately 80.5% of Cabot
Microelectronics. On September 29, 2000, Cabot Corporation effected the spin-off
of Cabot Microelectronics by distributing 0.280473721 shares of our common stock
as a dividend on each outstanding share of Cabot Corporation common stock
outstanding on September 13, 2000, or an aggregate of 18,989,744 shares of our
common stock.

  IC DEVICE MANUFACTURING

     Today's advanced IC devices are composed of millions of transistors and
other electronic components connected by miles of wiring. The wiring, today
composed primarily of aluminum and tungsten but also increasingly with copper in
advanced applications, carries electric signals through the multiple layers of
the IC device. Insulating material is used throughout the IC device to isolate
the electronic components and wiring to prevent short circuiting and to improve
the efficiency of electric signal travel within the device. To increase
performance, IC device manufacturers have progressively increased the number, or
density, of transistors and other electronic components in each IC device. As a
result, the number of wires and, therefore, the number of layers has also
increased.

     The multi-step manufacturing process for IC devices typically begins with a
circular wafer of pure silicon. A large number of identical IC devices are
manufactured on each wafer at the same time, and at the end of the process, the
wafer is cut into the individual devices. The first step in the manufacturing
process is to build transistors and other electronic components on the silicon
wafer. These components are then wired together in a particular sequence to
produce a functional IC device with the desired characteristics. Once the
transistors and other electronic components are in place on the silicon wafer,
they are usually covered with a layer of insulating material, most often silicon
dioxide.

     CMP is used to planarize the insulating layers of an IC device and prepare
them for a process known as metallization. During metallization, wiring is added
to the surface of the insulating layer through a series of steps involving:
depositing metal onto the surface of the layer, projecting an image of the
desired wiring pattern on the layer using a process known as photolithography;
and removing the excess deposited metal from

                                        2
<PAGE>

the surface of the insulating layer using a process known as etching, which
leaves behind the desired wiring pattern.

     When the wiring is finished, another layer of insulating material is added
and planarized using CMP. This process of alternating insulating and wiring
layers is repeated until the desired wiring within the IC device is completed.
The electronic components and wiring layers are connected by conductive plugs
that are formed by making holes in the insulating layers and filling those holes
with metal, usually tungsten. After these holes have been filled with tungsten,
CMP is used to remove all the excess tungsten above the surface of the
insulating layer so that the top of the plug is level with the surface of the
insulating layer before the next wiring layer is built. Due to the extremely
small dimensions, manufacturing IC devices requires precision processing in
ultra clean, controlled environments.

     The semiconductor industry has generally accepted design rules that
describe current and projected feature size and spacing of electronic components
and wiring in IC devices. The feature size and spacing in these design rules
have been progressively decreasing to accommodate the demand for increased
circuit density and transistor miniaturization. As the density of IC devices
increases, the amount of wiring needed to connect the transistors and other
electronic components to each other also increases. As IC devices become
smaller, this increase in wiring requires tighter and more precise spacing of
the wiring and has led to an increase in the layers of IC devices.

     According to the Semiconductor Industry Association's sponsored
International Technology Roadmap for Semiconductors (2000 Edition), the trends
toward increased density and miniaturization of IC devices are expected to
continue. While the number of layers varies by IC device type, an advanced logic
device built with today's common 0.18 micron feature size has approximately
eight insulating and seven wiring layers and a typical memory device built with
the same feature size has approximately four insulating and three wiring layers.
By 2003, the International Technology Roadmap for Semiconductors predicts
advanced IC devices will be manufactured with a 0.13 micron feature size and
these advanced logic devices will have approximately nine insulating and eight
wiring layers and advanced memory devices are expected to have approximately
five insulating and four wiring layers. CMP is currently used to polish the
insulating layers, tungsten plugs, and copper wiring in IC devices in separate
steps. We believe that the use of CMP in the manufacture of IC devices will
increase in the future as the feature size and spacing of these devices
decreases and the number of layers in the device increases.

     The increased density and miniaturization of IC devices has also resulted
in an increased emphasis on reduction of defects and residue remaining after the
CMP process. A defect is any imperfection on a layer of an IC device that causes
a short circuit or other problem with the performance of the device. Residue
from the CMP process consists of particle and chemical residue left on the layer
surface as a result of the CMP process. The likelihood a defect or residue of a
given size will negatively affect the performance of an IC device increases as
the density and miniaturization of the device increase. IC device manufacturers
are requiring that the number of defects per given area decline and the residues
from the CMP process be reduced.

  CHEMICAL MECHANICAL PLANARIZATION

     The CMP process involves both chemical reactions and mechanical abrasion to
planarize the insulating and conductive layers of an IC device that are built
upon a silicon wafer. The wafer is typically held on a rotating carrier which is
spun at high speeds and pressed against a rotating, polishing table. The portion
of the table that comes in contact with the wafer is covered by a textured,
polishing pad. A CMP slurry is continuously applied to the polishing pad during
the CMP process to facilitate and enhance the polishing process. CMP slurries
are liquid compounds composed of high purity deionized water, proprietary
chemical additives and engineered abrasives that chemically and mechanically
interact with the surface material of the IC device at an atomic level.

  BENEFITS OF CMP

     CMP provides IC device manufacturers with a number of advantages. CMP
enables IC device manufacturers to produce smaller IC devices with greater
density, both of which improve the performance and

                                        3
<PAGE>

capabilities of the device. As IC devices shrink and become more dense, they
require smaller feature sizes and tighter spacing between the wiring of the
device. If the surface is not level, the smaller feature size and tighter
spacing make it more difficult for the photolithography equipment to focus
accurately and create the desired wiring pattern. In addition, because today's
smaller, denser IC devices have more layers, any unevenness of a layer at or
near the bottom of an IC device will get magnified in the additional layers that
are added to the device. Defects caused by problems in the photolithography
process or unevenness in the layers can lead to short circuits, reduced
performance and at worst, failure of the IC device. By using CMP, IC device
manufacturers can eliminate or minimize these problems.

     By enabling IC device manufacturers to make smaller IC devices, CMP allows
them to increase their throughput, or the number of IC devices they can
manufacture in a given time period. CMP also helps reduce the number of
defective or substandard IC devices produced, which increases the device yield.
Improvements in throughput and yield reduce an IC device manufacturer's unit
production costs. Manufacturers can achieve further improvements in throughput
and yield with improvements in the CMP process that reduce defect rates and
decrease the amount of time required for the polishing process.

  CMP SLURRIES

     The characteristics that make an effective CMP slurry include:

     - high polishing rates, which increase productivity and throughput;

     - high selectivity, which means enhancing the polishing of specific
       materials while inhibiting polishing of other materials;

     - uniform polishing of different surface materials at the same time, which
       avoids problems such as dishing and erosion;

     - low levels of chemical and physical impurities, which reduce defects and
       residues on the polished surface that can adversely affect IC device
       performance; and

     - colloidal stability, which means the abrasive particles within the slurry
       do not settle, which is important for uniform polishing with minimum
       defects.

     Most of the foregoing qualities of CMP slurries affect and enhance not only
the performance of the IC devices but can also positively impact the cost of
ownership of the CMP process. Cost of ownership is a calculation by which IC
device manufacturers evaluate the benefits and costs of each production step by
analyzing the impact of that step on throughput and yield and the costs of the
production inputs of that step. This calculation allows IC device manufacturers
to compare competing production processes and inputs. An input that improves
throughput and yield may reduce the cost of ownership even though it costs more.

     Prior to introducing a new or different CMP slurry into its manufacturing
process, an IC device manufacturer generally requires the slurry to be qualified
at each of its plants through a series of tests and evaluations intended to
ensure that the slurry will function properly in the manufacturing process and
to optimize the slurry's application. These tests may require changes to the CMP
process, the CMP slurry and/or the CMP polishing pad. While this qualification
process varies depending on numerous factors, it is not unusual for this process
to be very expensive and take six months or more to complete. IC device
manufacturers must take the cost, time delay and impact on production into
account when they consider switching to a new CMP slurry.

INDUSTRY TRENDS

     The semiconductor industry has experienced rapid growth over the past
decade but has been highly cyclical. Since January 2001, we have been challenged
by one of the most significant downturns in the industry's history as our
customers' inventory levels were higher than in the past and end market demand
for products using IC devices slowed as a result of the overall weakness in the
global economy.

                                        4
<PAGE>

     Despite the current weakness in the semiconductor industry, the CMP slurry
market has continued to grow, driven in large part by the significant growth and
technological advances the semiconductor industry has experienced over the past
decade. IC devices are critical components in an increasingly wide variety of
products and applications, including computers, data processing, communications,
telecommunications, the Internet, automobiles and consumer and industrial
electronics. As the performance of IC devices has increased and their size and
cost have decreased, the use of IC devices in these applications has grown
significantly. According to industry consultants IC Insights, the worldwide
semiconductor market as measured by total sales grew at an average annual
compound rate of approximately 15% in the period from 1990 through 2000.

     The overall growth in the semiconductor industry over the past decade,
increasing demand for smaller, higher performance and more complex IC devices
and pressure on IC device manufacturers to reduce their costs have led to
increased use of CMP and consumption of CMP slurries and polishing pads. We
expect the worldwide market for CMP slurries used by IC device manufacturers to
grow significantly, from approximately $270 million today, as a result of
expected increases in the number of IC devices produced, expected increases in
the percentage of IC devices produced using CMP and expected increases in the
number of CMP polishing steps used to produce each device. In addition, we
believe that IC manufacturers have continued to increase their use of CMP
because the CMP process represents only a small percentage of the total
production cost of an IC device and is very important to the continued
improvement of IC device performance and is important in lowering costs of IC
device manufacturing.

OTHER APPLICATIONS OF CMP IN THE IC DEVICE MANUFACTURING PROCESS

     We have developed and commercialized CMP slurries to planarize the
polysilicon material often used to build the electronic components on IC
devices. As the number of these electronic components in a given IC device
increases, we believe that the use of polysilicon CMP will increase.

     Second, we have successfully developed and commenced limited commercial
sales of CMP slurries for use in connection with an IC device manufacturing
process known as direct shallow trench isolation. Direct shallow trench
isolation is a relatively new method of isolating the electronic components
built on silicon wafers of an IC device to prevent short circuits and other
electrical interference. Direct shallow trench isolation uses CMP before the
first insulating layer is put down on the wafer. Isolation methods used prior to
direct shallow trench isolation did not use CMP. By using CMP in conjunction
with direct shallow trench isolation, IC device manufacturers can achieve
greater miniaturization and density of their IC devices.

     Finally, we are developing CMP slurries for polishing noble metals. Noble
metals include iridium, ruthenium, and platinum. These materials are being
evaluated for use in advanced memory IC devices where their properties enable
the continued miniaturization of individual memory cells called capacitors. CMP
is being used to planarize thin layers of these materials.

STRATEGY

     We intend to pursue the following strategies:

  REMAIN THE TECHNOLOGY LEADER IN CMP SLURRIES

     We believe that technology is key to success in the CMP slurry market and
we plan to continue to devote significant resources to research and development.
We need to keep pace with the rapid technological advances in the semiconductor
industry so we can continue to deliver products that meet our customers'
evolving needs. We intend to use our advanced research and development,
polishing and metrology capabilities to: advance our understanding of our
customers' technology, processes, and performance requirements for qualified
products; further improve the chemical and mechanical qualities of our CMP
products, and demonstrate and deliver advanced CMP solutions to the
semiconductor industry.

                                        5
<PAGE>

  BUILD AND MAINTAIN CUSTOMER INTIMACY

     We believe that building close relationships with our customers is another
key to long-term success in the CMP slurry market. We work closely with our
customers to identify and develop new and better CMP slurries, to integrate our
slurries into their manufacturing processes and to assist them with supply,
warehousing, packaging and inventory management. We plan to continue to devote
significant resources to enhancing our close customer relationships.

  EXPAND GLOBALLY

     We believe that having production facilities and personnel and other
resources in strategic locations around the world are key to the success of our
business, particularly in light of increased IC device manufacturing in Asia.
Accordingly, we have established a global presence with production facilities in
Barry, Wales and Geino, Japan. We also have assembled a team of business and
account managers and independent distributors strategically located in Europe,
Taiwan, Singapore, Japan and Korea and technical support and sales personnel
throughout the United States and in Europe and Asia. We intend to expand our
production capacity, technical support and sales in many of the locations around
the world where IC device production is concentrated.

  ATTRACT AND RETAIN TOP QUALITY PERSONNEL

     We have assembled a highly skilled and dedicated workforce that includes a
wide range of scientists and applications specialists, many of whom have
significant experience in the semiconductor industry. We plan to continue to
attract and retain experienced personnel committed to providing high performance
products and strong customer and applications support.

  MAINTAIN TOP QUALITY PRODUCTS AND SUPPLY

     Our customers demand consistent high quality products and a reliable source
of supply. We intend to continually advance our strict quality controls to
improve the uniformity and consistency of performance of our CMP products. The
capacity and location of our production facilities in the United States and in
Europe and Asia allow us to provide a reliable supply chain to meet our
customers' CMP slurry requirements in a consistent, timely manner.

  EXPAND INTO NEW APPLICATIONS AND PRODUCTS

     We intend to leverage our CMP experience and technology into new
applications and products. Starting from our core CMP slurries designed for
polishing the insulating layers of IC devices, we continue to develop and have
increased sales of slurries for polishing copper used in the wiring layers of
some IC devices, the tungsten plugs currently used to connect the wiring between
multiple layers of IC devices, and for CMP polishing of the magnetic heads and
the coating on hard disks in hard disk drives. Additionally, we are using our
knowledge of CMP materials to expand into CMP polishing pads so that we can
provide our customers with a broader range of solutions for use in the CMP
process.

PRODUCTS

  CMP SLURRIES FOR IC DEVICES

     We produce CMP slurries of various formulations for polishing a wide
variety of materials. We have developed new, improved generations of each of our
slurries as well as new slurries to keep pace with our customers' evolving
needs. We have introduced new generations of oxide slurries, which is the most
common use of CMP in IC device manufacturing, that reduce both defectivity in IC
devices and the required polishing time. While our oxide CMP slurries are also
used to polish polysilicon material, we have developed a CMP slurry specifically
engineered to polish this material which offers improved selectivity to
polysilicon surface finish.

                                        6
<PAGE>

     We also manufacture slurry products for polishing tungsten and copper. As
with our oxide slurries, we have introduced new generations of slurries for
polishing tungsten that offer improvements in polishing performance. These
improvements include faster polishing rates, greater polishing uniformity,
reduced defectivity and less dishing and erosion. In addition, we produce slurry
products for polishing copper used in the wiring layers of IC devices. These
products include different slurries for polishing the primary copper film as
well as the thin barrier metal layer also used in copper wiring. We continue to
work closely with our customers to develop advanced slurries to meet their
evolving technological needs.

  CMP SLURRIES FOR HARD DISK DRIVES

     In 1998 we introduced CMP slurries for CMP polishing of the magnetic heads
and the coating on hard disks in hard disk drives. We believe CMP can
significantly improve the surface finish of these coatings, resulting in greater
storage capacity of the substrates. We also believe that the use of CMP in hard
drive component manufacturing will improve the speed and reliability of
information exchange between the hard disks and the magnetic heads in hard disk
drives. In addition, we believe that, as with IC device manufacturers, CMP can
also improve the production efficiency of manufacturers of hard disk drives by
helping them increase their throughput and yield.

     We developed our CMP slurries for hard disk drives by leveraging our core
slurry technology and manufacturing capacity and hiring personnel directly from
the industry who understand the needs of hard disk drive manufacturers. We also
established a dedicated research and development team and an applications
support team who employ a process solution approach similar to what we use for
our other slurry products. We believe that these markets offer significant
potential and that our products in this area offer superior performance over
currently used materials.

  POLISHING PADS

     CMP polishing pads are consumable materials used in the CMP process that
work in conjunction with the CMP slurry to facilitate the polishing process. The
CMP polishing pad market is currently led by one principal supplier, Rodel.
Based on discussions with our customers as well as our own examination of the
CMP polishing pad market, we identified demand for higher quality, more reliable
and consistent polishing pads and the opportunity to provide our customers with
technological and quality improvements by jointly marketing our CMP slurries and
polishing pads to them. Our first series of polishing pads, which we introduced
in July 1999, is designed for tungsten applications for a specific tool
platform. In 2000, we expanded polishing pad offerings for all major polishing
tool platforms for tungsten, and we continue to pursue other applications.
Although polishing pad sales in fiscal 2001 were not significant, we have three
customers who have selected our pad for commercial use and are currently working
with several additional customers on qualifying our pad technology, which uses
materials supplied by a third party.

CUSTOMERS, SALES AND MARKETING

     Our marketing begins with development teams who work closely with our
customers, using our research and development facilities, to design CMP slurry
products tailored to our customers' needs. We then employ our applications teams
who work with customers to integrate our slurry products into customers'
manufacturing processes. Finally, we utilize our logistics and sales personnel
to ensure reliable supply, warehousing, packaging and inventory management.
Through our interactive approach, we build close relationships with our
customers across a variety of areas.

     We also market our products through independent distributors and other
industry suppliers. We currently utilize independent distributors in Europe,
Taiwan, Japan and Singapore, who add to our global presence by complementing our
support personnel already located in those regions. By using our relationships
with other suppliers in the CMP industry, such as suppliers of polishing
equipment, we obtain recommendations of our products.

     The IC device manufacturing industry in Asia has grown significantly over
the last 5 years. As a result, we have increased our focus on markets in Asia
over the last few years by increasing the number of account
                                        7
<PAGE>

managers and applications and customer support personnel present in this region.
By building this regional infrastructure, we have demonstrated a commitment to
the Asian marketplace and global expansion generally.

     In fiscal year 2001, our five largest customers accounted for approximately
55% of our revenue, with Marketech and Intel accounting for approximately 21%
and 14% of our revenue, respectively. In 2000, our five largest customers
accounted for approximately 56% of our revenue, with Marketech, Intel and
Takasago accounting for approximately 17%, 15% and 11% of our revenue,
respectively. Marketech and Takasago are distributors.

CABOT CORPORATION AS OUR MAJOR SUPPLIER OF RAW MATERIALS

     The base ingredients for most of our CMP slurries are fumed metal oxides,
primarily fumed silica, which is an ultra-fine, high purity silica produced by a
flame process, and, to a lesser extent, fumed alumina. We currently purchase
fumed silica under a fumed metal oxide agreement with Cabot Corporation, which
became effective at the time of our initial public offering in April, 2000 and
purchased fumed alumina up until December, 2001 only under this agreement. In
order to meet our growing needs for fumed alumina, in December, 2001 we entered
into a fumed alumina supply agreement with Cabot Corporation, and amended
certain terms related to fumed alumina under the fumed metal oxide agreement.

  FUMED METAL OXIDE AGREEMENT

     Under our fumed metal oxide supply agreement with Cabot Corporation, which
became effective in April, 2000, Cabot Corporation is the exclusive supplier,
subject to certain terms and conditions, of fumed metal oxides for our slurry
products produced as of the effective date of the agreement. For our
technologies since that time, we have the flexibility to purchase from Cabot
Corporation or other parties. Approximately 90% of the fumed metal oxides that
we currently purchase from Cabot Corporation are manufactured at its facility in
Tuscola, Illinois.

     This agreement with Cabot Corporation contains the following terms with
respect to fumed silica:

     - provisions for a fixed annual increase in the price of fumed silica of
       approximately 2% of the initial price and additional increases if Cabot
       Corporation's raw material costs increase;

     - provisions requiring Cabot Corporation to supply us with fumed silica in
       volumes specified by us, up to a limit;

     - provisions limiting Cabot Corporation's obligation to supply us with
       fumed metal oxides from each of its Tuscola, Illinois and Barry, Wales
       facilities to specified volumes from each facility;

     - provisions requiring us to supply Cabot Corporation with quarterly,
       six-month, annual and 18-month forecasts of our expected fumed silica
       purchases and limiting Cabot Corporation's obligations to provide us with
       fumed silica to specified percentages in excess of these forecasted
       volumes, up to a limit;

     - provisions that limit the amount we can forecast for any month to an
       amount no greater than 120% of the forecasted amount for the previous
       month;

     - provisions requiring us to purchase at least 90% of the six-month volume
       forecast and to pay specified amounts to Cabot Corporation if we purchase
       less than that amount;

     - provisions obligating us to pay all reasonable costs incurred by Cabot
       Corporation to provide quality control testing at levels greater than
       Cabot Corporation provides to its other customers; and

     - provisions that generally prohibit us from reselling any fumed silica
       purchased from Cabot Corporation.

     Under the agreement and the amendment entered into in December, 2001, Cabot
Corporation also supplies us with fumed alumina from its Tuscola, Illinois
facility on terms generally similar to those described above, except certain of
the forecast requirements do not apply to fumed alumina. The price is fixed and

                                        8
<PAGE>

unchanged for a base level of production, and we agreed to pay a higher
incentive price for volumes above that level. The terms related to fumed alumina
now provide us with the first right, subject to certain terms and conditions, to
all fumed alumina produced at the facility. The agreement prohibits Cabot
Corporation from selling fumed metal oxides to third parties for use in CMP
applications. This agreement has an initial term that expires in June 2005.
Thereafter, the agreement may be terminated by either party on June 30 or
December 31 in any year with at least 18 months prior written notice.

  FUMED ALUMINA SUPPLY AGREEMENT

     Until December, 2001, we purchased fumed alumina from Cabot Corporation
only under the fumed metal oxide agreement. In order to meet our needs for fumed
alumina given the anticipated growth in sales of fumed alumina based slurries,
in December, 2001 we entered into a fumed alumina supply agreement with Cabot
Corporation. Under this agreement, Cabot Corporation has expanded its capacity
in Tuscola, Illinois for the manufacture of fumed alumina. The expansion is
dedicated to our fumed alumina requirements, subject to certain terms and
conditions, and we have a first right on all production and capacity from the
expansion. The agreement provides that the price Cabot Corporation charges us
for fumed alumina is based on all of its fixed and variable costs for producing
the fumed alumina, plus its capital costs for expanding its capacity, plus an
agreed upon rate of return on investment, plus incentive payments if Cabot
Corporation produces more than a certain amount of fumed alumina that meets our
specifications per year. Quarterly payments of approximately $0.3 million in
respect to capital costs will be made over the ten year term of the agreement.
Based upon these financial terms and those of the amendment to the fumed metal
oxide agreement, our average cost per pound for fumed alumina will be higher in
the future than paid under the original fumed metal oxide agreement. Had we paid
this higher average cost per pound for all fumed alumina purchased in fiscal
2001, cost of goods sold would have increased by approximately $0.9 million. We
expect this amount to increase in future years as we anticipate continued strong
sales growth in alumina-based slurry products.

     The agreement provides that Cabot Corporation only has to produce fumed
alumina that meets our specifications up to a certain amount and percentage of
overall fumed alumina they produce. We pay for fumed alumina that is produced
subject to our orders, whether conforming or nonconforming to our
specifications. We must give Cabot Corporation the first right to purchase from
us any nonconforming fumed alumina that we wish to resell at an agreed upon
price. Under this agreement, up to certain quantities and for products produced
on the effective date of the agreement, Cabot Corporation is the exclusive
supplier of fumed alumina for these products, subject to certain terms and
conditions. For amounts over these quantities, and for technologies since that
time, we have the flexibility to also purchase from other parties; the terms
related to these matters replace those that existed under the fumed metal oxide
agreement with respect to fumed alumina. The agreement prohibits Cabot
Corporation from selling fumed alumina to third parties, or engaging itself in
use in CMP applications. The agreement has an overall ten year term, which
expires in 2011, but we can choose not to renew the agreement subject to certain
terms and conditions and the payment of certain costs, after five years. Under
certain limited circumstances, we can permit Cabot Corporation to use the
expansion to produce fumed alumina for itself, with Cabot Corporation paying us
an agreed upon price for such production.

     Under both agreements, Cabot Corporation warrants that its products will
meet our agreed upon product specifications. We have no right to any
consequential, special or incidental damages for breach of that warranty or any
other provision of the agreement. Under the fumed metal oxide agreement, Cabot
Corporation is obligated to replace noncompliant products with products that
meet the agreed upon specifications. Under the fumed alumina supply agreement,
Cabot Corporation is only obligated to replace noncompliant product with those
that meet the agreed upon specifications when the amount of nonconforming
product exceeds a certain percentage. The agreements also provide that any
change to product specifications for fumed metal oxides must be by mutual
agreement. Any increased costs due to product specification changes are paid by
us. If Cabot Corporation fails to supply us with our requirements for any
reason, including if we require product specification changes that Cabot
Corporation cannot meet, we have the right to purchase products meeting those
specifications from other suppliers.

                                        9
<PAGE>

     Prior to our initial public offering, we did not provide detailed product
specifications to Cabot Corporation and Cabot Corporation permitted us to return
some products even if they met our specifications. Under these agreements, we
provide detailed specifications to Cabot Corporation and have no contractual
right to return products that meet these specifications.

     It may be difficult to secure alternative sources of fumed metal oxides in
the event Cabot Corporation encounters supply or production problems or
terminates, breach or otherwise fails to perform under those agreements with us.
A significant reduction in the amount of fumed metal oxides supplied by Cabot
Corporation, a problem with the quality of those fumed metal oxides or a
prolonged interruption in their supply by Cabot Corporation could interfere with
our ability to produce our CMP slurries in the quantities and of the quality
required by our customers and in accordance with their delivery schedules.

DISPERSION SERVICES AGREEMENT WITH DAVIES

     At the time of our initial public offering, Cabot Corporation assigned to
us a dispersion services agreement with Davies Imperial Coatings, Inc.
("Davies") pursuant to which Davies produces slurries for us. Under this
agreement, we provide raw materials, primarily fumed silica, to Davies and it
performs dispersion services. The price for these services is set at a
negotiated price, subject to increases. We have agreed to purchase minimum
amounts of services for each year of the agreement. If Davies fails to supply us
with required dispersion services, we have the right to provide these services
for ourselves or purchase them from third parties. The agreement provides for
renegotiation of the price paid for dispersion services on each two-year
anniversary of the agreement in order to reflect changes in Davies'
manufacturing costs. We have also agreed to invest during each year $150,000 in
capital improvements, capacity expansions and other expenditures to maintain
capacity at the Davies dispersion facility in Hammond, Indiana. We own most of
the dispersion equipment at the Davies facility.

     Under the agreement, we must give Davies the opportunity to bid to provide
dispersion services for some of our products. Davies and its controlling
stockholders agree that, during the term of the agreement and for a period after
the termination of the agreement, they will not provide, nor assist any other
person or entity in providing, metal oxide dispersion services to any of our
competitors. Under some circumstances, we must pay these individuals
noncompetition payments on the date of the termination of the agreement and on
the first anniversary of the termination.

     The agreement has an initial term that expires in October, 2004, and is
automatically renewed for one-year periods thereafter, unless either party gives
written notice to the other of its intention to terminate the agreement at least
90 days prior to the expiration of the term.

DISPERSION SERVICES AGREEMENT WITH CABOT CORPORATION

     Dispersions of fumed metal oxides are used in a variety of applications in
addition to CMP. These applications include paper applications and coatings such
as paints. Cabot Corporation develops and sells fumed metal oxides dispersions
for these non-CMP applications. We perform dispersion services for Cabot
Corporation under a dispersion services agreement with Cabot Corporation that
became effective in April, 2000. Under this agreement we provide fumed metal
oxide dispersion services to Cabot Corporation, including the manufacturing,
packaging and testing of dispersions. Less than 10% of our current dispersion
capacity is devoted to Cabot Corporation. The agreement provides that some
dispersion services may be subcontracted by us to Davies but we remain liable
for these services. The dispersion services that we provide to Cabot Corporation
must be performed at our facilities in Aurora, Illinois and Barry, Wales or at
the Davies facility. Under the agreement, Cabot Corporation supplies us with the
fumed metal oxide particles necessary for the manufacture of dispersions.

     We charge Cabot Corporation for dispersion services that we perform under
this agreement at our dispersion manufacturing cost, as defined in the
agreement, plus 25% of this cost in the case of dispersion services we perform
at our dispersion facilities in Aurora, Illinois and Barry, Wales and 10% of
this cost in the case of dispersion services that we subcontract to Davies and
which are performed by Davies at its dispersion facility in Hammond, Indiana.
                                        10
<PAGE>

     Our dispersion services agreement with Cabot Corporation also contains
provisions that: limit our obligation to provide Cabot Corporation with
dispersions to stated maximum annual volumes for each of the three facilities;
require Cabot Corporation to supply us with quarterly, six-month, annual and
18-month forecasts of its expected dispersion purchases and limiting our
obligation to provide Cabot Corporation with dispersions to specified
percentages in excess of these forecasted volumes; provide that if we develop
any intellectual property in the course of performing dispersion services for
Cabot Corporation, that intellectual property will be jointly owned by us and
Cabot Corporation; provide that if we develop any intellectual property outside
of performing dispersion services for Cabot Corporation and use that
intellectual property in performing dispersion services for Cabot Corporation,
then we are obligated to license Cabot Corporation that intellectual property in
exchange for a royalty payment; generally prohibit Cabot Corporation from
engaging a third party to provide dispersion services unless we are unable to
supply the requested or agreed upon services, although Cabot Corporation retains
the right to manufacture fumed metal oxide dispersions itself or have Davies
provide these services; and generally prohibit us from performing dispersion
services for third parties whose products compete with any Cabot Corporation
product or from selling dispersion products in applications, other than CMP,
that compete with any Cabot Corporation product.

     The agreement has an initial term that expires in June, 2005. Thereafter,
the agreement may be terminated by either party on June 30 or December 31 in any
year with at least 18 months prior written notice. If Cabot Corporation
terminates the agreement, Cabot cannot purchase fumed metal oxides dispersion
services from one of our competitors. If we terminate the agreement, Cabot may
purchase fumed metal oxide dispersion services from any party without
restriction.

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

     We believe our future competitive position depends in part on our ability
to develop CMP applications tailored to our customers' needs. To this end, we
have a technology center at our Aurora facility to provide applications and
product support to customers and to develop new products to meet the needs of
the semiconductor industry. The technology center is staffed by a team that
includes experts from the semiconductor industry and scientists from key
disciplines required for the development of high-performance CMP products. The
technology center is equipped with an advanced polishing and metrology lab in a
Class 10 clean room, a polishing lab in a Class 1000 clean room, laboratories
for product development and dispersion technology, and a dispersion pilot plant.
In response to the growing need for new CMP applications and process
improvements as well as our expansion into new markets, we have initiated
construction of an additional R&D facility in Aurora, Illinois. This new
facility will feature a state-of-the-art Class 1 clean room, advanced equipment
for slurry and pad product development and 300mm wafer polishing capability. We
believe this investment will provide us with leading edge polishing and
metrology capabilities to support the technology advancements being made by our
customers.

     In our product development and dispersion technology laboratory, our
skilled technical personnel conduct kinetic studies of the chemical reactions on
the surface of the wafer. These kinetic data allow us to adjust the composition
of our slurries to avoid, among other things, non-uniform polishing patterns.
Understanding the chemical processes on the surface of the polished wafer allows
us to compose slurries specifically tailored to interact with one element and to
slow or essentially stop planarization as soon as this particular element has
been polished. We have also assembled dedicated development teams that work
closely with customers to identify their specific technology and manufacturing
challenges and to translate these challenges into viable CMP process solutions.

     We expensed approximately $25.8 million, $19.8 million and $14.8 million
for research and development in fiscal years 2001, 2000 and 1999, respectively.
Investments in research and development equipment are capitalized and
depreciated over their useful life.

COMPETITION

     We are aware of only three other manufacturers with significant commercial
sales of CMP slurries for IC devices. These manufacturers are Rodel, Fujimi and
ChemFirst. However, we expect the competition to

                                        11
<PAGE>

continue to intensify. We are aware of only two manufacturers with significant
commercial sales of CMP slurries for polishing the magnetic heads and the
coating on the hard disks in hard disk drives. These manufacturers are Fujimi
and Praxair. We may also face competition from other companies that develop CMP
products, customers that currently have, or that may develop, in-house
capability to produce their own CMP products, and from the development of
polishing pads containing abrasives or other significant changes in technology.

     We compete primarily on the basis of our product design, performance and
level of service. We compete secondarily on the basis of our broad product
offering, global supply assurance and, to a lesser extent, price. We believe
that we presently compete favorably with respect to each of these factors. CMP
products are evolving, however, and there cannot be any assurance that we will
compete successfully in the future.

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

     Our intellectual property is important to our success and ability to
compete. We currently have 26 U.S. patents and 40 pending U.S. patent
applications covering CMP related products and processes. In most cases we file
counterpart foreign patent applications. Many of these patents are important to
our continued development of new and innovative CMP products. We attempt to
protect our intellectual property rights through a combination of patent,
trademark, copyright and trade secret laws, as well as employee and third party
nondisclosure and assignment agreements. Our failure to obtain or maintain
adequate protection of our intellectual property rights for any reason could
have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and
financial condition.

     Significant litigation regarding intellectual property rights exists in our
industry. Cabot Corporation is currently involved in two separate legal actions
brought against it by Rodel alleging that Cabot Corporation is infringing some
of Rodel's patents. Although Cabot Corporation is the only named defendant in
these lawsuits, the defense of which we have assumed and are now controlling, we
have agreed to indemnify Cabot Corporation for any and all losses and expenses
arising out of this litigation. For a further discussion of this litigation, see
Item 3 -- Legal Proceedings of this Form 10-K.

     In addition, we have obtained a patent license from a third party covering
a polishing process used in the manufacturing of non-IC devices. Although we
expect to independently develop a new technology which will eliminate our need
for this licensed technology, there is no assurance that we will be successful
in doing so or that we will be able to continue to license this technology
beyond the eight years currently provided for in our license agreement. This
agreement is effective through 2004 and may be renewed for an additional three
year period.

ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS

     Our facilities are subject to various environmental laws and regulations,
including those relating to air emissions, wastewater discharges, the handling
and disposal of solid and hazardous wastes, and occupational safety and health.
We believe that our facilities are in substantial compliance with applicable
environmental laws and regulations. Our facilities have incurred, and will
continue to incur, capital and operating expenditures and other costs in
complying with these laws and regulations in both the United States and abroad.
However, we currently do not anticipate that the future costs of environmental
compliance will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition or results of operations.

EMPLOYEES

     As of September 30, 2001, we employed a total of 437 individuals, including
38 in sales and marketing, 122 in research and development, 52 in administration
and 225 in operations. None of our employees are covered by collective
bargaining agreements. We have not experienced any work stoppages and consider
our relations with our employees to be good.

                                        12
<PAGE>

ITEM 2.  PROPERTIES

     Our principal U.S. facilities consist of:

     - a global headquarters in Aurora, Illinois, comprising approximately
       65,000 square feet;

     - a commercial dispersion plant and technical center in Aurora, Illinois,
       comprising approximately 48,000 square feet; and

     - a commercial dispersion plant and distribution center in Aurora,
       Illinois, comprising approximately 175,000 square feet with an additional
       5.2 acres of vacant land to accommodate future growth.

     We are currently expanding our Aurora, Illinois headquarters by 135,000
square feet to house our new research and development facility, including a
Class 1 clean room, and additional office space. This new facility is expected
to be completed in early 2002.

     Our principal foreign facilities consist of:

     - a commercial dispersion plant in Geino, Japan, consisting of
       approximately 113,000 square feet; and

     - a distribution center in Ansung, South Korea consisting of approximately
       16,000 square feet.

     We lease land and a building at a commercial dispersion plant in Barry,
Wales consisting of approximately 22,000 square feet.

     We believe that our current facilities are suitable and adequate for their
intended purpose and, together with our advanced research and development
facility under construction, provide us with sufficient capacity and
technological capability to meet our current and expected demand in the
foreseeable future.

ITEM 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

     In June 1998, one of our major competitors, Rodel Inc., filed a lawsuit
against Cabot Corporation in the United States District Court for the District
of Delaware entitled Rodel, Inc. v. Cabot Corporation (Civil Action No. 98-352).
In this lawsuit, Rodel has requested a jury trial and is seeking a permanent
injunction and an award of compensatory, punitive, and other damages relating to
allegations that Cabot Corporation is infringing United States Patent No.
4,959,113 (entitled "Method and Composition for Polishing Metal Surfaces"),
which is owned by an affiliate of Rodel. We refer to this patent as the Roberts
patent and this lawsuit as the Roberts lawsuit. Cabot Corporation filed an
answer and counterclaim seeking dismissal of the Roberts lawsuit with prejudice,
a judgment that Cabot Corporation is not infringing the Roberts patent and/or
that the Roberts patent is invalid, and other relief. Cabot Corporation
subsequently filed a motion for summary judgment that the Roberts patent is
invalid because all of the claims contained in the patent were not sufficiently
different under applicable patent law from subject matter contained in
previously granted patents, specifically United States Patents Nos. 4,705,566,
4,956,015 and 4,929,257, each of which is owned by a third party not affiliated
with Rodel or us. This motion was denied on September 30, 1999 based on the
court's finding that there were genuine issues of material fact to be determined
at trial. After the ruling on the summary judgment motion, Rodel filed a request
for reexamination of the Roberts patent with the United States Patent and
Trademark Office (PTO), which was granted on November 12, 1999. On March 28,
2000, the court issued an order staying the Roberts action, which presently is
in the discovery stage, pending completion of the reexamination of the Roberts
patent by the PTO. In light of the reexamination, on September 29, 2000, the
court denied the parties' respective motions to amend and dismiss, with leave to
refile subsequent to completion of the reexamination. The reexamination
certificate was issued by the PTO on March 13, 2001; as of November 30, 2001,
the case remains stayed. On May 11, 2001, Cabot Corporation filed a motion for
summary judgment dismissing the case on the grounds that no case or controversy
remains given the reexamined patent.

     In April 1999, Rodel commenced a second lawsuit against Cabot Corporation
in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware entitled Rodel,
Inc. v. Cabot Corporation (Civil Action No. 99-256). In this lawsuit, Rodel has
requested a jury trial and is seeking a permanent injunction and an award of
compensatory, punitive, and other damages relating to allegations that Cabot
Corporation is

                                        13
<PAGE>

infringing two other patents owned by an affiliate of Rodel. These two patents
are United States Patent No. 5,391,258 (entitled "Compositions and Methods for
Polishing") and United States Patent No. 5,476,606 (entitled "Compositions and
Methods for Polishing"). We refer to these patents as the Brancaleoni patents
and this lawsuit as the Brancaleoni lawsuit. Cabot Corporation filed an answer
and counterclaim to the complaint seeking dismissal of the complaint with
prejudice, a judgment that Cabot Corporation is not infringing the Brancaleoni
patents and/or that the Brancaleoni patents are invalid, and other relief. On
September 29, 2000, the court denied Cabot Corporation's motion to dismiss, and
granted Rodel's leave to amend the Brancaleoni lawsuit to add Rodel's affiliate
that owns the Brancaleoni patents, Rodel Holdings, Inc. ("Rodel Holdings"), as a
plaintiff. On October 24, 2000, Rodel and Rodel Holdings filed an amended
complaint that added Rodel Holdings as a plaintiff to the Brancaleoni lawsuit.
On November 6, 2000, Cabot Corporation filed its answer and counterclaim seeking
a judgement that Cabot Corporation is not infringing the Brancaleoni patents
and/or that the Brancaleoni patents are invalid, and other relief. On January
18, 2001, the court amended its scheduling order and set June 15, 2001 for
completion of discovery, October 25, 2001 for a final pretrial conference, and
February, 2002 for the commencement of trial. On June 15, 2001, discovery closed
as scheduled and on October 23, 2001, the court denied Rodel's motion to extend
and expand discovery. On November 2, 2001, the court denied Rodel's motion to
add Cabot Microelectronics as a party to the case. On September 28, 2001, Cabot
Corporation filed three motions for summary judgement that the Brancaleoni
patents are, respectively, invalid, unenforceable due to Rodel's inequitable
conduct (denied as moot without ruling on the merits on October 26, 2001) and
that no infringement exists. On the same day, Rodel filed a partial summary
judgement motion on infringement. Given these motions and other matters before
the court, the court has postponed the pre-trial conference without having set a
new date as of November 30, 2001.

     In the Roberts lawsuit, the only product that Rodel to date has alleged
infringes the Roberts patent is our W2000 slurry, which is used to polish
tungsten and which currently accounts for a significant portion of our total
revenue. In the Brancaleoni lawsuit, Rodel and Rodel Holdings have not alleged
that any specific product infringes the Brancaleoni patents; instead, Rodel and
Rodel Holdings allege that our United States Patent No. 5,858,813 (entitled
"Chemical Mechanical Polishing Slurry for Metal Layers and Films" and which
relates to a CMP polishing slurry for metal surfaces including, among other
things, aluminum and copper) is evidence that Cabot Corporation is infringing
the Brancaleoni patents through the manufacture and sales of unspecified
products. At this stage, while the court has limited the scope of the
Brancaleoni lawsuit, we cannot predict whether or to what extent Rodel and/or
Rodel Holdings will make specific infringement claims with respect to any of our
products other than W2000 in these or any future proceedings. It is possible
that Rodel and/or Rodel Holdings will claim that many of our products infringe
its patents.

     Although Cabot Corporation is the only named defendant in these lawsuits at
present, the defense of which we have assumed and now are controlling, we have
agreed to indemnify Cabot Corporation for any and all losses and expenses
arising out of this litigation as well as any other litigation arising out of
our business. Also, while the court has ruled that we cannot be added as a party
to the Brancaleoni lawsuit, we at some point could be added as a named defendant
in these or other lawsuits. While we believe there are meritorious defenses to
the pending actions and intend to continue to defend them vigorously, these
defenses may not be successful. If Rodel (and/or Rodel Holdings) prevails in
either of these cases, we may have to pay damages and, in the future, may be
prohibited from producing any products found to infringe or required to pay
Rodel (and/or Rodel Holdings) royalty and licensing fees with respect to sales
of those products. We do not believe a loss is probable, nor can we estimate the
amount of loss, if any, that might result from this matter. Accordingly, no loss
provision has been made in our financial statements for any of these matters.

ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

     None

                                        14
<PAGE>

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

     Set forth below is information concerning our executive officers and their
ages as of November 30, 2001.

<Table>
<Caption>
                 NAME                    AGE                          POSITION
                 ----                    ---   ------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                      <C>   <C>
                                               Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive
Dr. Matthew Neville....................  47    Officer
Martin M. Ellen........................  47    Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
H. Carol Bernstein.....................  41    Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel
J. Michael Jenkins.....................  48    Vice President of Human Resources
Jeremy K. Jones........................  47    Vice President of New Business
Hiroyuki Nishiya.......................  43    Vice President of Asia Pacific Business Region
Kathleen A. Perry......................  44    Vice President of Research and Development
Daniel J. Pike.........................  38    Vice President of Operations
Stephen R. Smith.......................  42    Vice President of Marketing and Sales
Daniel S. Wobby........................  38    Principal Accounting Officer and Corporate Controller
</Table>

     Dr. Matthew Neville was elected Chairman of the Board of our company in
March 2001. He has served as our President and Chief Executive Officer since
December 1999 and at that time was elected a director of our company. Dr.
Neville was a Vice President of Cabot Corporation from 1997 to 1999, and was the
General Manager of the Microelectronics Materials Division of Cabot Corporation
from 1996 until the formation of Cabot Microelectronics Corporation in 1999.
From 1983 to 1996, Dr. Neville held various positions at Cabot Corporation,
including Director of Research and Development for the Cab-O-Sil Division. Dr.
Neville received his Ph.D. in Chemical Engineering from the Massachusetts
Institute of Technology.

     Martin M. Ellen has served as our Vice President and Chief Financial
Officer since March 2001. Mr. Ellen joined Cabot Microelectronics after serving
as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Whitman Corporation from
October 1998 through the closing of its merger with PepsiAmericas, Inc. in 2001.
From May 1998 through September 1998, Mr. Ellen was a founding member of Casas,
Ellen & White, LLC, a venture management firm. From October 1996 to May 1998,
Mr. Ellen was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of PrimeCare
International, Inc., a healthcare services company. Mr. Ellen received a
Bachelor of Science degree in accountancy from the University of Illinois, is a
certified public accountant, and received a Masters of Management degree from
the Kellogg Graduate School of Management at Northwestern University.

     H. Carol Bernstein has served as our Vice President, Secretary and General
Counsel since August 2000. From January 1998 until joining us, Ms. Bernstein
served as the General Counsel and Director of Industrial Technology Development
of Argonne National Laboratory, which is operated by the University of Chicago
for the United States Department of Energy. From May 1985 until December 1997,
she served in various positions with the IBM Corporation, culminating in serving
as an Associate General Counsel, and was the Vice President, Secretary and
General Counsel of Advantis Corporation, a joint venture between IBM and Sears
Roebuck and Co. Ms. Bernstein received her B.A. from Colgate University and her
J.D. from Northwestern University; she is a member of the Bar of the States of
Illinois and New York.

     J. Michael Jenkins has served as our Vice President of Human Resources
since December 1999. Mr. Jenkins previously served as our Director of Human
Resources beginning in May 1999. Prior to joining us, Mr. Jenkins was employed
for 15 years by the Gas Chromatography Division of Hewlett-Packard holding
various positions, including Human Resources and Quality Manager. Mr. Jenkins
received his M.H.S. from Lincoln University.

     Jeremy K. Jones has served as our Vice President, New Business since
January 2001 and previously was our Director of New Business Development since
March 2000. Mr. Jones also served as Pad Business Manager since joining us in
January 1999. Prior to joining us, Mr. Jones served as Market Development
Manager at Motorola from 1997 to January 1999 and spent 20 years at Polaroid
Corporation in various management positions. Mr. Jones earned a M.S. in
Materials Engineering and B.S. in Mechanical

                                        15
<PAGE>

Engineering from Worcester Polytechnic Institute in Worcester Massachusetts and
a M.B.A. from Babson College in Wellesley, Massachusetts.

     Hiroyuki Nishiya has served as our Vice President, Asian Pacific Business
Region since January 2001 and previously was our Japan Business Manager since
April 1997. Prior to joining us, Nishiya held various positions at OKIDATA and
Materials Research Corporation. Nishiya received a Bachelor of Business
Administration degree from George Washington University.

     Kathleen A. Perry has served as our Vice President of Research and
Development since October 2000. Prior to joining us, Ms. Perry served as Senior
Director of Strategic Technology at Applied Materials, where she was responsible
for creating the strategic roadmap for CMP products and processes. From April
1997 until October 1999 she served as the Chief Technology Officer at Obsidian.
From April 1993 to April 1997, she led a CMP research team at Motorola as the
Manager of CMP Research. Ms. Perry earned a B.S. in Materials Science and
Engineering from Cornell University and an M.S. in Materials Science and
Engineering from Northwestern University.

     Daniel J. Pike has served as our Vice President of Operations since
December 1999. Mr. Pike served as our Director of Global Operations from 1996 to
1999. Prior to joining us, Mr. Pike worked for FMC Corporation as a Marketing
Manager for the Pharmaceutical Division. Mr. Pike received his B.S. in Chemical
Engineering from the University of Buffalo and his M.B.A. from the Wharton
School of Business of the University of Pennsylvania.

     Stephen R. Smith has served as our Vice President of Marketing and Sales
since October 2001. Prior to joining us, Mr. Smith served as Vice President,
Sales & Business Development for Buildpoint Corporation, a start-up company
providing web-based supply chain applications to the construction industry, from
2000 to October 2001. Prior to that, Mr. Smith spent 17 years at Tyco
Electronics Group, formerly known as AMP Incorporated, in various management
positions. Mr. Smith earned a B.S. in Industrial Engineering from Grove City
College and a M.B.A. from Wake Forest University.

     Daniel S. Wobby has served as our Corporate Controller since March 2000 and
Principle Accounting Officer since June 2000. Mr. Wobby had served as Director
of Finance since October 1997. Since 1989, Mr. Wobby held various accounting and
operations positions with Cabot Corporation. Prior to joining Cabot Corporation,
Mr. Wobby worked for Arthur Andersen LLP in the Commercial Audit Division. Mr.
Wobby earned a B.S. in Accounting from St. Michael's College.

                                    PART II

ITEM 5.  MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

     Our common stock has traded publicly on the Nasdaq National Market under
the symbol "CCMP" since our initial public offering on April 4, 2000. The
following table sets forth the range of quarterly high and low closing sales
prices for our common stock on the Nasdaq National Market.

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                               HIGH     LOW
                                                              ------   ------
<S>                                                           <C>      <C>
Fiscal 2000 Third Quarter (from April 4, 2000)..............  $49.38   $24.88
Fiscal 2000 Fourth Quarter..................................   65.13    40.56
Fiscal 2001 First Quarter...................................   57.00    36.63
Fiscal 2001 Second Quarter..................................   99.38    38.31
Fiscal 2001 Third Quarter...................................   76.41    38.00
Fiscal 2001 Fourth Quarter..................................   79.34    48.31
Fiscal 2002 First Quarter (through November 30, 2001).......   72.73    43.15
</Table>

     As of November 30, 2001, there were approximately 1,465 holders of record
of our common stock. In the fiscal year ended September 30, 2000, Cabot
Microelectronics paid Cabot Corporation dividends of

                                        16
<PAGE>

$81.3 million, of which $17.0 million was paid from borrowings under a term
credit facility prior to the initial public offering and $64.3 million was paid
with proceeds from the initial public offering. No dividends were declared or
paid in fiscal 2001 and we currently do not anticipate paying cash dividends in
the future.

ITEM 6.  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

     The following selected financial data for each of the three years ended
September 30, 2001 has been derived from the audited financial statements
contained in Item 8 of Part II of this Form 10-K. The selected statements of
income data for the years ended September 30, 1998 and 1997 and the selected
balance sheet data as of September 30, 1999 and 1998 has been derived from the
audited financial statements contained in the amendment to our registration
statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April
4, 2000. The selected balance sheet data as of September 30, 1997 was derived
from our unaudited financial data. Certain amounts in the prior fiscal years
have been reclassified to conform with the current year presentation.

     Basic and diluted net income per share for the year ended September 30,
1999 have been calculated using the pro forma 18.99 million shares owned by
Cabot Corporation for the period prior to our initial public offering. Basic and
diluted net income per share for the year ended September 30, 2000 have been
calculated using the pro forma 18.99 million shares owned by Cabot Corporation
for the period prior to our initial public offering in the weighted average
shares outstanding calculation.

     General and administrative expenses for the year ended September 30, 2000
include $2.1 million related to options granted to non-Cabot Microelectronics'
employees at the time of our initial public offering and $1.6 million for the
accelerated vesting of Cabot Microelectronics' employee incentive compensation
and benefits at the time of the spin-off from Cabot Corporation.

                                        17
<PAGE>

     The information set forth below is not necessarily indicative of results of
future operations and should be read in conjunction with "Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and
the financial statements and notes to those statements included in Items 7 and 8
of Part II of this Form 10-K.

                       CABOT MICROELECTRONICS CORPORATION

                  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA -- FIVE YEAR SUMMARY

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                         YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30,
                                             -------------------------------------------------
                                               2001       2000      1999      1998      1997
                                             --------   --------   -------   -------   -------
                                             (AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)
<S>                                          <C>        <C>        <C>       <C>       <C>
STATEMENT OF INCOME DATA:
  Revenue..................................  $227,192   $181,156   $98,690   $58,831   $35,211
  Cost of goods sold.......................   108,419     86,290    48,087    29,747    19,974
                                             --------   --------   -------   -------   -------
       Gross profit........................   118,773     94,866    50,603    29,084    15,237
  Operating expenses:
     Research and development..............    25,805     19,762    14,768    10,261     8,481
     Selling and marketing.................     8,757      7,594     4,932     3,507     1,150
     General and administrative............    21,054     19,974    11,107     8,148     4,223
     Amortization of goodwill and other
       intangibles.........................       718        718       720       720       720
                                             --------   --------   -------   -------   -------
       Total operating expenses............    56,334     48,048    31,527    22,636    14,574
                                             --------   --------   -------   -------   -------
  Operating income.........................    62,439     46,818    19,076     6,448       663
  Other income, net........................     1,049        130        --        --        --
                                             --------   --------   -------   -------   -------
  Income before income taxes...............    63,488     46,948    19,076     6,448       663
  Provision for income taxes...............    21,586     16,446     6,796     2,211       (45)
                                             --------   --------   -------   -------   -------
       Net income..........................  $ 41,902   $ 30,502   $12,280   $ 4,237   $   708
                                             ========   ========   =======   =======   =======
Basic net income per share.................  $   1.76   $   1.44   $  0.65
                                             ========   ========   =======
Weighted average basic shares
  outstanding..............................    23,824     21,214    18,990
                                             ========   ========   =======
Diluted net income per share...............  $   1.72   $   1.39   $  0.65
                                             ========   ========   =======
Weighted average diluted shares
  outstanding..............................    24,327     21,888    18,990
                                             ========   ========   =======
Cash dividends per share...................  $   0.00   $   3.71   $  0.00
                                             ========   ========   =======
</Table>

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                               SEPTEMBER 30,
                                             -------------------------------------------------
                                               2001       2000      1999      1998      1997
                                             --------   --------   -------   -------   -------
<S>                                          <C>        <C>        <C>       <C>       <C>
BALANCE SHEET DATA:
  Current assets...........................  $ 96,454   $ 59,053   $26,120   $15,581   $ 8,781
  Property, plant and equipment, net.......    97,426     71,873    40,031    24,713    17,195
  Other assets.............................     2,801      5,180     4,123     4,837     5,547
                                             --------   --------   -------   -------   -------
     Total assets..........................  $196,681   $136,106   $70,274   $45,131   $31,523
                                             ========   ========   =======   =======   =======
  Current liabilities......................  $ 26,366   $ 24,200   $ 7,775   $ 4,870   $ 2,980
  Long-term debt...........................     3,500      3,500        --        --        --
  Other long-term liabilities..............       528        844       422       233       119
                                             --------   --------   -------   -------   -------
     Total liabilities.....................    30,394     28,544     8,197     5,103     3,099
  Stockholders' equity.....................   166,287    107,562    62,077    40,028    28,424
                                             --------   --------   -------   -------   -------
     Total liabilities and stockholders'
       equity..............................  $196,681   $136,106   $70,274   $45,131   $31,523
                                             ========   ========   =======   =======   =======
</Table>

Certain amounts in the prior fiscal years have been reclassified to conform with
                         the current year presentation.

                                        18
<PAGE>

ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS

     The following "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations", as well as disclosures included elsewhere in this
Form 10-K, include "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. This Act provides a "safe
harbor" for forward-looking statements to encourage companies to provide
prospective information about themselves so long as they identify these
statements as forward-looking and provide meaningful cautionary statements
identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ from the
projected results. All statements other than statements of historical fact we
make in this Form 10-K are forward-looking. In particular, the statements herein
regarding industry or general economic prospects or trends, our future results
of operations or financial position and statements preceded by, followed by or
that include the words "intends", "estimates", "plans", "believes", "expects",
"anticipates", "should", "could", or similar expressions, are forward-looking
statements. Forward-looking statements reflect our current expectations and are
inherently uncertain. Our actual results may differ significantly from our
expectations. We assume no obligation to update this forward-looking
information. The section entitled "Factors Affecting Future Operating Results"
describes some, but not all, of the factors that could cause these differences.

     The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with
our historical financial statements and the notes to those financial statements
which are included in Item 8. of Part II of this Form 10-K.

OVERVIEW

     We are the leading supplier of high performance polishing slurries used in
the manufacture of the most advanced IC devices, through a process called
chemical mechanical planarization ("CMP"). We believe that we supply
approximately 80% of the slurries sold to IC device manufacturers worldwide. CMP
is a polishing process used by IC device manufacturers to planarize many of the
multiple layers of material that are built upon silicon wafers to produce
advanced devices. Planarization is a polishing process that levels and smooths,
and removes the excess material from, the surfaces of these layers. CMP slurries
are liquid formulations that facilitate and enhance this polishing process and
generally contain engineered abrasives and proprietary chemicals. CMP enables IC
device manufacturers in producing smaller, faster and more complex IC devices
with fewer defects. We believe CMP will become increasingly important in the
future as manufacturers seek to further shrink the size of these devices and
improve their performance.

     Substantially all of our revenue is generated through the sale of CMP
slurries. Historically, a majority of our CMP slurries were used in tungsten and
oxide applications. We continue to develop and sell CMP slurries for polishing
copper and for use in the data storage market and we also continue to develop
slurries for additional new applications. Since January, 2001, we have been
challenged by one of the most significant downturns in the semiconductor
industry's history as our customers' inventory levels were higher than in the
past and end market demand for products using IC devices slowed as a result of
the overall weakness in the global economy. As a result, growth in our business
has also slowed since that date.

     Prior to our initial public offering on April 4, 2000, we operated as a
division of Cabot Corporation, a global chemical manufacturing company based in
Boston, Massachusetts. On September 29, 2000, Cabot Corporation effected the
spin-off of its approximate 80.5% investment in Cabot Microelectronics
Corporation by distributing 0.280473721 shares of our common stock as a dividend
on each outstanding share of Cabot Corporation common stock outstanding on
September 13, 2000, or an aggregate of 18,989,744 shares of our common stock.

BASIS OF PRESENTATION

     The following "Management's Discussion of Results of Operations" contains
financial comparisons with prior periods that are affected by certain agreements
entered into with Cabot Corporation at the time of our initial public offering.
We historically sold various dispersion products to Cabot Corporation at our
cost of manufacturing. We entered into a dispersion services agreement with
Cabot Corporation, which became effective upon the completion of our initial
public offering, under which we provide dispersion products to

                                        19
<PAGE>

Cabot Corporation at our cost to manufacture plus a margin. Cabot Corporation
supplies us with the fumed metal oxide raw materials for these dispersions. The
effect of the agreement is to reduce both our cost of goods sold and revenue for
these dispersions since we no longer purchase these materials and include them
in either cost of goods sold or revenue. In addition, we historically purchased
fumed metal oxides, critical raw materials for our slurries, from Cabot
Corporation at their standard cost. We entered into a fumed metal oxide
agreement with Cabot Corporation, which became effective on April 4, 2000, under
which we purchase certain fumed metal oxides at contractually agreed upon higher
prices. The effects of these agreements on the comparison of operating results
are disclosed in the discussion that follows.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

     The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the percentage
of revenue of certain line items included in our historical statements of
income:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                          YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30
                                                       ------------------------------
                                                         2001       2000       1999
                                                       --------   --------   --------
<S>                                                    <C>        <C>        <C>
Total revenue........................................     100.0%     100.0%     100.0%
Cost of goods sold...................................      47.7       47.6       48.7
                                                       --------   --------   --------
Gross profit.........................................      52.3       52.4       51.3
  Research and development...........................      11.4       10.9       15.0
  Selling and marketing..............................       3.9        4.2        5.0
  General and administrative.........................       9.3       11.0       11.3
  Amortization of goodwill and other intangibles.....       0.3        0.4        0.7
                                                       --------   --------   --------
Operating income.....................................      27.4       25.9       19.3
Other income (expense)...............................       0.5        0.0        0.0
                                                       --------   --------   --------
Income before income taxes...........................      27.9       25.9       19.3
Provision for income taxes...........................       9.5        9.1        6.9
                                                       --------   --------   --------
Net income...........................................      18.4%      16.8%      12.4%
</Table>

YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2001 VERSUS YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2000

REVENUE

     Total revenue was $227.2 million in 2001, which represented a 25.4%, or
$46.0 million, increase from 2000. Of this increase, $37.4 million was due to a
20.6% increase in volume and $8.6 million was due to increased weighted average
selling prices. Fiscal 2001 revenue would have been $3.8 million higher had the
Japanese Yen average exchange rate for the year held constant with the prior
fiscal year average. Total revenue in 2000 would have been $0.6 million lower
had our dispersion services agreement with Cabot Corporation been in effect
throughout the entire fiscal year. Most of our revenues are derived from sales
of products used in the manufacture of advanced IC devices. Manufacturing of IC
devices declined throughout calendar year 2001 as a result of the downturn in
the semiconductor industry and weak global economic conditions. As a result, our
fiscal 2001 quarterly revenues were the highest in our first quarter at $68.6
million and were the lowest in our fourth fiscal quarter at $51.4 million, which
was essentially flat with revenues in the third fiscal quarter. Given current
industry and overall economic conditions, it is difficult to predict our future
revenue trends.

COST OF GOODS SOLD

     Total cost of goods sold was $108.4 million in 2001, which represented an
increase of 25.6% or $22.1 million from 2000. Of this increase, $17.8 million
was due to higher sales volume and $4.3 million was due to higher weighted
average costs per gallon. Cost of goods sold would have been $4.2 million higher
in 2000 had our dispersion services and fumed metal oxide agreements with Cabot
Corporation been in effect

                                        20
<PAGE>

throughout the entire fiscal year. Higher costs per gallon resulted from a shift
in product mix and higher raw material costs.

     We expect that the cost of fumed silica used in the manufacture of CMP
slurries will continue to increase according to the terms of our existing fumed
metal oxide agreement with Cabot Corporation, which provides for a fixed annual
increase in the price of silica of 2.0% of the initial price and additional
increases if Cabot Corporation's raw material costs increase. Also, in order to
meet our needs for fumed alumina given the anticipated growth in sales of fumed
alumina based slurries in December, 2001 we entered into a fumed alumina supply
agreement with Cabot Corporation and an amendment to the fumed metal oxide
agreement with respect to its fumed alumina terms. Under this fumed alumina
supply agreement, Cabot Corporation has expanded its capacity for the
manufacture of fumed alumina. The agreement provides that the price Cabot
Corporation charges us for fumed alumina is based on all of its fixed and
variable costs for producing the fumed alumina, plus its capital costs for
expanding its capacity, plus an agreed upon rate of return on investment, plus
incentive payments if they produce more than a certain amount per year. These
financial terms, along with those contained in the amendment to the fumed metal
oxide agreement are retroactive to October, 2001 and our average cost per pound
for fumed alumina will be higher in the future than paid under the original
fumed metal oxide agreement. Had we paid this higher average cost per pound for
all fumed alumina purchased in fiscal 2001, cost of goods sold would have
increased by approximately $0.9 million. We expect this dollar amount to
increase in future years as we anticipate continued strong sales growth in
alumina-based slurry products. Our need for additional quantities of fumed metal
oxides in the future will require that we enter into new supply arrangements
that could result in costs which are higher than those in existing agreements.

GROSS PROFIT

     Our gross profit as a percentage of net revenue of 52.3% in 2001 was
essentially flat as compared to 52.4% in 2000. Gross profit as a percentage of
net revenue would have been 49.9% in 2000 had our dispersion services and fumed
metal oxide agreements with Cabot Corporation been in effect throughout the
entire fiscal year. On a comparable basis, the increase in gross profit of 2.4
percentage points resulted primarily from favorable product mix.

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

     Research and development expenses were $25.8 million in 2001, which
represented an increase of 30.6%, or $6.0 million, over 2000. This resulted
primarily from higher staffing levels and operating supplies needed to support
our continued investments in research and development. Key activities during the
twelve months ended September 30, 2001 involved the continued development of new
and enhanced slurry products with a significant focus on slurries for polishing
copper, CMP polishing pad technology and advanced particle technology. We expect
research and development expenses to increase in fiscal 2002 due to our
commitment to technology advancement and as a result of our new research and
development facility.

SELLING AND MARKETING

     Selling and marketing expenses were $8.8 million in 2001, which represented
an increase of 15.3%, or $1.2 million, over 2000. The increase was due primarily
to the hiring of additional customer support personnel in North America, Japan
and Taiwan.

GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE

     General and administrative expenses were $21.1 million in 2001, which
represented an increase of 5.4%, or $1.1 million, from 2000. Fiscal 2000
includes compensation expense of $3.8 million related to options granted to
non-Cabot Microelectronics employees at the time of the initial public offering
and a charge for the accelerated vesting of long term incentives and benefits at
the time of the spin-off from Cabot Corporation. Absent these prior year
charges, general and administrative expenses increased 29.8%, or $4.9 million,

                                        21
<PAGE>

primarily due to increased staffing and other expenses necessary to support the
general growth of the business and the administrative activities of a stand
alone company.

AMORTIZATION OF GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLES

     Amortization of goodwill and other intangibles was $0.7 million in 2001 and
2000 resulting from goodwill and other intangible assets associated with the
acquisition of selected distributor assets from a third party in 1995. Effective
October 1, 2001, we adopted SFAS No. 141, "Business Combinations" and SFAS No.
142, "Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets". As a result, amortization costs in
fiscal 2002 will decrease by approximately $0.4 million due to the
discontinuation of goodwill amortization.

PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES

     The effective income tax rate was 34.0% in 2001 and 35.0% in 2000. The
decrease in the effective tax rate was mainly driven by an increase in tax
credits from expanded research and experimentation activities.

NET INCOME

     Net income was $41.9 million in 2001, which represented an increase of
37.4%, or $11.4 million, from 2000 as a result of the factors discussed above.

YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2000 VERSUS YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 1999

REVENUE

     Total revenue was $181.2 million in 2000, which represented an 83.6%, or
$82.5 million, increase from 1999. Of this increase, $66.7 million was due to a
67.6% increase in volume and $15.8 million was due to increased weighted average
selling prices. The volume growth was mainly driven by the increased use of CMP
slurries in the manufacture of IC devices. The growth was especially strong with
respect to sales of CMP slurries for polishing tungsten. Total revenue in 2000
would have been $0.6 million lower had our dispersion services agreement with
Cabot Corporation been in effect throughout the entire fiscal year.

COST OF GOODS SOLD

     Total cost of goods sold was $86.3 million in 2000, which represented an
increase of 79.4% or $38.2 million from 1999. Of this increase, $32.5 million
was due to higher sales volume and $5.7 million was due to higher weighted
average costs per gallon. These higher costs resulted from higher raw material
costs, especially fumed silica cost increases associated with our fumed metal
oxide agreement with Cabot Corporation, and for transportation costs associated
with shipping raw materials to our manufacturing plant in Japan. Higher
manufacturing costs also resulted from improved quality requirements and the
qualification of our Geino, Japan facility. Fumed silica costs increased due to
the terms of the fumed metal oxide supply agreement with Cabot Corporation which
contains provisions for a fixed annual increase in the price of silica of 2.0%
of the initial price and additional increases if Cabot Corporation's raw
material costs increase. Cost of goods sold would have been $4.2 million higher
in 2000 had our dispersion services and fumed metal oxide agreements with Cabot
Corporation been in effect throughout the entire fiscal year.

GROSS PROFIT

     Our gross profit as a percentage of net revenue was 52.4% in 2000 compared
to 51.3% in 1999. The increase in gross profit resulted primarily from favorable
product mix.

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

     Research and development expenses were $19.8 million in 2000, which
represented an increase of 33.8%, or $5.0 million, over 1999. Of this increase,
$2.2 million represents additional personnel and related relocation expenses in
North America and $2.9 million resulted from higher laboratory supply costs and
other operating expenses associated with our clean room. Also, outsourced
development activities increased by $0.8 million
                                        22
<PAGE>

and increased staffing in Geino, Japan added $0.5 million in expenses. These
increases were partially offset by $0.9 million of decreased research and
development allocations from Cabot Corporation and $0.5 million of decreases in
various other areas. Key activities during the twelve months ended September 30,
2000 involved the continued development of new and enhanced slurry products, CMP
polishing pad technology and advanced particle technology.

SELLING AND MARKETING

     Selling and marketing expenses were $7.6 million in 2000, which represented
an increase of 54.0%, or $2.7 million, over 1999. The increase was due primarily
to the hiring of additional customer support personnel in North America, Japan
and Taiwan.

GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE

     General and administrative expenses were $20.0 million in 2000, which
represented an increase of 79.8%, or $8.9 million, from 1999. Approximately $2.9
million of the increase represents additional personnel costs needed to support
the general growth of our business and $1.6 million in operating costs
associated with our new corporate office building. Increased costs of purchased
services and expenses related to our initial public offering and spin-off from
Cabot Corporation of $1.4 million were partially offset by a decrease of $0.8
million in charges from Cabot Corporation for corporate services. Also,
non-recurring compensation expenses were incurred of $3.8 million, including
$2.1 million related to options granted to non-Cabot Microelectronics employees
at the time of the initial public offering and $1.6 million for the accelerated
vesting of long term incentives and benefits at the time of the spin-off from
Cabot Corporation.

AMORTIZATION OF GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLES

     Amortization of goodwill and other intangibles was $0.7 million in 2000 and
1999 which related to goodwill and other intangible assets associated with the
acquisition of selected distributor assets from a third party in 1995.

PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES

     The effective income tax rate was 35.0% in 2000 and 35.6% in 1999. The
slight decrease in the effective tax rate was mainly driven by a greater
percentage of export sales resulting in increased foreign sales corporation
deductions.

NET INCOME

     Net income was $30.5 million in 2000, which represented an increase of
148.4%, or $18.2 million, from 1999 as a result of the factors discussed above.

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

     We had cash flows from operating activities of $62.5 million in 2001, $31.9
million in 2000 and $9.0 million in 1999. Our cash provided by operating
activities in 2001 resulted from net income of $41.9 million plus non-cash items
of $17.6 million and a net decrease in working capital of $3.0 million. Our
principal capital requirements have been for property, plant and equipment
additions and working capital needs to support the expansion of our business.

     In 2001, cash flows used in investing activities were $35.3 million,
primarily related to the capacity expansion of our Geino, Japan facility and
construction of our new Aurora, Illinois research and development facility. In
2000, cash flows used in investing activities were $37.2 million, primarily
related to the construction of our Aurora, Illinois manufacturing facility, the
purchase of land and construction of a new distribution facility in Korea, the
purchase of research and development equipment and the purchase of additional
land in Geino, Japan. In 1999, cash flows used in investing activities were
$17.1 million, primarily due to the completion of our Geino, Japan facility and
construction of our Aurora, Illinois headquarters building.

                                        23
<PAGE>

     We had cash flows from financing activities of $10.4 million in 2001 which
resulted from the exercise of stock options and issuance of shares under our
Employee Stock Purchase Program. In 2000, cash flows from financing activities
of $15.2 million resulted primarily from capital contributions from Cabot
Corporation of $10.1 million, net proceeds from our initial public offering of
$82.8 million and borrowings of $17.0 million under a term credit facility. We
paid Cabot Corporation dividends of $17.0 million in March 2000 and $64.3
million in April 2000. Also, during the third quarter of 2000, we repaid $13.5
million of borrowings under our term credit facility. In 1999 we had net cash
flows from financing activities of $8.1 million which were capital contributions
by Cabot Corporation.

     At September 30, 2001 debt was comprised of an unsecured term loan in the
amount of $3.5 million funded on the basis of the Illinois State Treasurer's
Economic Program. This loan is due on April 3, 2005 and incurs interest at an
annual rate of 6.37% until April 3, 2002 and 1.75% plus 70% of the three year
treasury rate thereafter. On July 10, 2001, the agreement between Cabot
Microelectronics and LaSalle Bank for this loan was amended and restated.
Although the loan amount of $3.5 million was unchanged, various other terms were
revised and the termination date was amended from June 1, 2005 to April 3, 2005.

     On July 10, 2001 we entered into a $75.0 million unsecured revolving credit
and term loan facility with a group of commercial banks which replaced our $25.0
million unsecured revolving credit facility and $8.5 million revolving line of
credit; both of which were terminated. Under the new agreement, which terminates
July 10, 2004, interest accrues on any outstanding balance at either the
institution's base rate or the eurodollar rate plus an applicable margin. A
non-use fee also accrues. Loans under this facility are anticipated to be used
primarily for general corporate purposes, including working capital and capital
expenditures. The credit agreement contains various covenants. No amounts are
currently outstanding under the new credit facility and we are currently in
compliance with the covenants. No amounts were outstanding under the former
lines of credit at September 30, 2000.

     We estimate that our total capital expenditures in fiscal year 2002 will be
approximately $45.0 million, approximately $3.0 million of which we have already
spent as of October 31, 2001. Our major capital expenditures in 2002 are
expected to be:

     - approximately $17.0 million to expand our research and development
       facilities and headquarters in Aurora, Illinois; and

     - approximately $15.0 million for advanced clean room equipment, polishing
       and other equipment primarily for use in our new research and development
       facility.

     We believe that cash generated by our operations and borrowings under our
revolving credit facility will be sufficient to fund our operations and expected
capital expenditures in the foreseeable future. However, we plan to expand our
business and continue to improve our technology and, to do so, we may be
required to raise additional funds in the future through public or private
equity or debt financing, strategic relationships or other arrangements.

     Cabot Corporation is currently a defendant in two lawsuits involving Rodel.
We have agreed to indemnify Cabot Corporation for any liabilities or damages
resulting from these lawsuits. See Item 3. -- Legal Proceedings in this Form
10-K.

EFFECTS OF RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

     In July 2001, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued SFAS
No. 141, "Business Combinations" ("SFAS 141") and SFAS No. 142, "Goodwill and
Other Intangible Assets" ("SFAS 142"). SFAS 141 requires business combinations
initiated after June 30, 2001 to be accounted for using the purchase method of
accounting. It also defines the criteria for identifying intangible assets for
recognition apart from goodwill. SFAS 142 addresses the recognition and
measurement of goodwill and other intangible assets subsequent to their
acquisition. This statement requires that intangible assets with finite useful
lives be amortized and intangible assets with indefinite lives and goodwill no
longer be amortized, but instead tested for impairment at least annually.
Effective October 1, 2001, we adopted SFAS 141 and SFAS 142 which resulted in
the reclassification of a portion of intangible assets regarding workforce in
place to goodwill. We determined
                                        24
<PAGE>

that the resulting unamortized goodwill balance of approximately $1.3 million
was not impaired. In accordance with the statement, we will cease amortization
of goodwill and will perform impairment tests annually. The adoption of these
statements will reduce amortization expense by approximately $0.4 million in
fiscal 2002.

     In August 2001, the FASB issued SFAS No. 143, "Accounting for Asset
Retirement Obligations" ("SFAS 143") which is effective for fiscal years
beginning after June 15, 2002. SFAS 143 addresses financial accounting and
reporting for obligations associated with the retirement of tangible long-lived
assets and the associated asset retirement costs. We do not expect the adoption
of SFAS 143 to have a significant impact on our financial position or results of
operations.

     In October 2001, the FASB issued SFAS No. 144, "Accounting for the
Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets" ("SFAS 144") which is effective for
fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2001. SFAS 144 addresses financial
accounting and reporting for the impairment or disposal of long-lived assets and
supercedes SFAS 121 "Accounting for the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and for
Long-Lived Assets to be Disposed Of" while retaining many of the provisions of
that statement. SFAS 144 also supercedes the accounting and reporting provisions
of Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 30, "Reporting for the Impairment or
Disposal of a Segment of a Business, and Extraordinary, Unusual and Infrequently
Occurring Events and Transactions ("APB No. 30"). We do not expect the adoption
of SFAS 144 to have a significant impact on our financial position or results of
operations.

                   FACTORS AFFECTING FUTURE OPERATING RESULTS

RISKS RELATING TO OUR BUSINESS

  WE HAVE A NARROW PRODUCT RANGE AND OUR PRODUCTS MAY BECOME OBSOLETE, OR
  TECHNOLOGICAL CHANGES MAY REDUCE OR LIMIT INCREASES IN CMP CONSUMPTION

     Our business is substantially dependent on a single class of products, CMP
slurries, which historically has accounted for almost all of our revenue. Our
business would suffer if these products became obsolete or if consumption of
these products decreased. Our success depends on our ability to keep pace with
technological changes and advances in the semiconductor industry and to adapt
and improve our products in response to evolving customer needs and industry
trends. Since its inception, the semiconductor industry has experienced rapid
technological changes and advances in the design, manufacture, performance and
application of IC devices and these changes and advances are expected to
continue in the future. One or more developments in the semiconductor industry
may render our products obsolete or less important to the IC device
manufacturing process.

  A SIGNIFICANT AMOUNT OF OUR BUSINESS COMES FROM A LIMITED NUMBER OF LARGE
  CUSTOMERS AND OUR REVENUE AND PROFITS COULD DECREASE SIGNIFICANTLY IF WE LOST
  ONE OR MORE OF THEM AS CUSTOMERS

     Our customer base is concentrated among a limited number of large
customers. One or more of these principal customers may stop buying CMP slurries
from us or may substantially reduce the quantity of CMP slurries they purchase
from us. Any cancellation, deferral or significant reduction in CMP slurries
sold to these principal customers or a significant number of smaller customers
could seriously harm our business, financial condition and results of
operations. In fiscal year 2001, our five largest customers accounted for
approximately 55% of our revenue, with Marketech and Intel accounting for
approximately 21% and 14% of our revenue, respectively. In 2000, our five
largest customers accounted for approximately 56% of our revenue, with
Marketech, Intel and Takasago accounting for approximately 17%, 15% and 11% of
our revenue, respectively. Marketech and Takasago are distributors.

                                        25
<PAGE>

  DEMAND FOR OUR PRODUCTS AND OUR BUSINESS MAY BE ADVERSELY AFFECTED BY A
  FURTHER DECLINE IN WORLDWIDE ECONOMIC AND INDUSTRY CONDITIONS

     Our business is affected by current economic and industry trends and it is
extremely difficult to predict sales of our products given uncertainties in
these factors. As occurred during 2001, the global economic slowdown and
weakening in demand for electronic systems, coupled with higher than normal chip
inventories, affected our quarterly revenue trends. Further declines in current
economic and industry conditions could adversely affect our business.

  IF WE LOSE PENDING OR FUTURE INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY LAWSUITS RELATING TO OUR
  BUSINESS, WE COULD BE LIABLE FOR SIGNIFICANT DAMAGES AND LEGAL EXPENSES AND
  COULD BE ENJOINED FROM MANUFACTURING OUR SLURRY PRODUCTS

     Cabot Corporation is currently the defendant in two lawsuits against it by
Rodel involving infringement claims relating to our business. If Cabot
Corporation or we were to lose these or future lawsuits, we could be liable for
significant damages and legal expenses and could be enjoined from manufacturing
our slurry products. Although Cabot Corporation is the only named defendant in
these lawsuits at present, the defense of which we have assumed and are now
controlling, we have agreed to indemnify Cabot Corporation for any and all
losses and expenses arising out of this litigation as well as any other
litigation arising out of our business. See Item 3. Legal Proceedings in this
Form 10-K for further discussion.

     In addition, we may be subject to future infringement claims by Rodel or
others with respect to our products and processes. These claims, even if they
are without merit, could be expensive and time consuming to defend and if we
were to lose any future infringement claims we could be subject to injunctions,
damages and/or royalty or licensing agreements. Royalty or licensing agreements,
if required as a result of any pending or future claims, may not be available to
us on acceptable terms or at all. Moreover, from time to time we agree to
indemnify certain of our customers for losses the customers may incur as a
result of intellectual property claims brought against them arising out of their
purchase or use of our products.

  ANY PROBLEM OR INTERRUPTION IN OUR SUPPLY FROM CABOT CORPORATION OF FUMED
  METAL OXIDES, OUR MOST IMPORTANT RAW MATERIALS, COULD DELAY OUR SLURRY
  PRODUCTION AND ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR SALES

     Fumed metal oxides, primarily fumed silica but also fumed alumina, are the
primary raw materials we use in many of our CMP slurries. Our business would
suffer from any problem or interruption in our supply of fumed metal oxides.
Cabot Corporation is currently our exclusive supplier of certain fumed metal
oxides for certain of our products. We have entered into a fumed metal oxide
agreement with Cabot Corporation, which became effective upon completion of our
initial public offering in April, 2000, and under which, according to certain
terms and conditions, including those in our new fumed alumina supply agreement
with Cabot Corporation, Cabot Corporation continues to be our exclusive supplier
of certain fumed metal oxides for our slurry products produced as of the date of
the initial public offering. We have been purchasing fumed alumina from Cabot
Corporation under the fumed metal oxide agreement. In order to meet our
anticipated needs for fumed alumina, in December, 2001 we entered into a fumed
alumina supply agreement with Cabot Corporation and an amendment to the fumed
metal oxide agreement with respect to fumed alumina. Under the fumed alumina
supply agreement, Cabot Corporation has expanded its capacity for the
manufacture of fumed alumina to which we have first right to all capacity from
the expansion and under the amended fumed metal oxide agreement we now have
first right, subject to certain terms and conditions, to the capacity from that
facility. We face the risk of significant increases in the price of fumed metal
oxides as Cabot Corporation's cost of production increases. It may be difficult
to secure alternative sources of fumed metal oxides in the event Cabot
Corporation is unable to supply us with sufficient quantities of fumed metal
oxides which meet the quality required by our customers' supply needs and
technical specifications, or encounters supply problems, including but not
limited to any related to quality, functionality of equipment, natural
disasters, work stoppages or raw material availability. In addition, contractual
amendments with, or non-performance by Cabot Corporation may adversely affect us
as well.

     In addition, if we change the supplier or type of fumed metal oxides we use
to make our CMP slurries or are required to purchase them from a different
manufacturer or manufacturing facility, whether Cabot

                                        26
<PAGE>

Corporation or another party, our customers might be forced to requalify our CMP
slurries for their manufacturing processes and products. The requalification
process would likely take a significant amount of time to complete, during which
our sales of CMP slurries to these customers could be interrupted or reduced.

     We have also specifically engineered our slurry chemistries with the fumed
metal oxides currently used in the production of our CMP products. A change in
the fumed metal oxides we use to make our slurry products could require us to
modify our chemistries. This modification may involve a significant amount of
time and cost to complete and therefore could have an adverse effect on our
business and sales.

  OUR BUSINESS COULD BE SERIOUSLY HARMED IF OUR EXISTING OR FUTURE COMPETITORS
  DEVELOP SUPERIOR SLURRY PRODUCTS, OFFER BETTER PRICING TERMS OR SERVICE,
  OBTAIN CERTAIN INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OR IF ANY OF OUR MAJOR CUSTOMERS
  DEVELOP IN-HOUSE SLURRY MANUFACTURING CAPABILITY

     Increased competition from current CMP slurry manufacturers, new entrants
to the CMP slurry market or a decision by any of our major customers to produce
slurry products in-house could seriously harm our business and results of
operations. Opportunities exist for companies with sufficient financial or
technological resources to emerge as potential competitors by developing their
own CMP slurry products. Some of our major customers, and some potential
customers, currently manufacture slurries in-house and others have the financial
and technological capability to do so. The existence or threat of increased
competition and in-house production could limit or reduce the prices we are able
to charge for our slurry products. In addition, our competitors may have or
obtain intellectual property rights which may restrict our ability to market our
existing products and/or to innovate and develop new products.

  BECAUSE WE HAVE LIMITED EXPERIENCE IN MANUFACTURING AND SELLING CMP POLISHING
  PADS AND SLURRIES FOR CMP POLISHING OF THE MAGNETIC HEADS IN HARD DISK DRIVES,
  EXPANSION OF OUR BUSINESS INTO THESE AREAS AND APPLICATIONS MAY NOT BE
  SUCCESSFUL

     An element of our strategy is to leverage our current customer
relationships and technological expertise to expand our business into new
product areas and applications, including manufacturing CMP polishing pads and
slurries for CMP polishing of the magnetic heads in hard disk drives. We have
had limited experience in developing and marketing these products, particularly
polishing pads, which involve technologies and production processes that are new
to us. We or the suppliers of the raw materials that we use to make our
polishing pads may not be able to solve any technological or production problems
that we or they may encounter. In addition, if we or these suppliers are unable
to keep pace with technological or other developments in the design and
production of polishing pads, we will probably not be competitive in the
polishing pad market. In addition, our competitors may have or obtain
intellectual property rights which may restrict our ability to market our
existing products and/or to innovate and develop new products. For these
reasons, the expansion of our business into these new product areas or
applications may not be successful.

  BECAUSE WE RELY HEAVILY ON OUR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY, OUR FAILURE TO
  ADEQUATELY PROTECT OR OBTAIN IT COULD SERIOUSLY HARM OUR BUSINESS

     Protection of intellectual property is particularly important in our
industry because CMP slurry and pad manufacturers develop complex and technical
formulas for CMP products which are proprietary in nature and differentiate
their products from those of competitors. Our intellectual property is important
to our success and ability to compete. We attempt to protect our intellectual
property rights through a combination of patent, trademark, copyright and trade
secret laws, as well as employee and third-party nondisclosure and assignment
agreements. Our failure to obtain or maintain adequate protection of our
intellectual property rights for any reason could seriously harm our business.

     Policing the unauthorized use of our intellectual property is difficult,
and the steps we have taken may not detect or prevent the misappropriation or
unauthorized use of our technologies. In addition, other parties may
independently develop or otherwise acquire the same or substantially equivalent
technologies to ours.

                                        27
<PAGE>

  WE ARE SUBJECT TO SOME RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH OUR FOREIGN OPERATIONS

     We currently have operations and a large customer base outside the United
States. For fiscal 2001, approximately 62% of our revenue was generated by sales
to customers outside the United States. For the fiscal year ended September 30,
2000, approximately 55% of our revenue was generated by sales to customers
outside the United States. We encounter risks in doing business in foreign
countries. These risks include, but are not limited to, adverse changes in
economic and political conditions, as well as the difficulty in enforceability
of business and customer contracts and agreements, including protection of
intellectual property rights.

  OUR ABILITY TO RAISE CAPITAL IN THE FUTURE MAY BE LIMITED AND THIS MAY LIMIT
  OUR ABILITY TO EXPAND OUR BUSINESS AND IMPROVE OUR TECHNOLOGY

     We plan to expand our business and continue to improve our technology. This
may require funds in excess of those generated from operating activities and
from those available under existing credit facilities. Therefore, we may be
required to raise additional funds in the future through public or private
equity or debt financing, strategic relationships or other arrangements.
Financing may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all, and our failure
to raise capital when needed could negatively impact our financial condition or
results of operations. Additional equity financing may be dilutive to the
holders of our common stock and debt financing, if available, may involve
restrictive covenants.

  HISTORICAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION MAY NOT BE REPRESENTATIVE OF OUR RESULTS AS A
  SEPARATE COMPANY

     The historical financial information we have presented may not reflect what
our results of operations, financial position and cash flows would have been had
we been a separate, stand-alone entity for fiscal years prior to 2001 and may
not be indicative of what our results of operations, financial position and cash
flows will be in the future. As a result, information to evaluate our business
is limited. This is because when we were a division of Cabot Corporation, Cabot
Corporation provided us with various services and allocated expenses for these
services to us in amounts that may not have been the same as the expenses we
would have incurred had we performed or acquired these services ourselves. At
the time of our initial public offering, we changed our fumed metal oxide supply
and dispersion services arrangements with Cabot Corporation and the prices we
are paying and anticipate paying in the future under these and other
arrangements. Also, the historical financial information for the periods prior
to our initial public offering does not reflect other events and changes that
have occurred as a result of our separation from Cabot Corporation, including
the establishment of our capital structure, the incurrence of debt and changes
in our expenses as a result of new employee, tax and other structures and
matters.

RISKS RELATING TO OUR SEPARATION FROM CABOT CORPORATION

  WE CURRENTLY USE CABOT CORPORATION'S INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SERVICES AND
  SYSTEMS AND OUR ABILITY TO SATISFY OUR CUSTOMERS AND OPERATE OUR BUSINESS MAY
  SUFFER IF WE DO NOT IMPLEMENT A NEW INFRASTRUCTURE TO SUPPORT OUR EXPANDING
  BUSINESS NEEDS

     We currently use duplicated versions of Cabot Corporation's systems to
support our operations, including systems covering order processing, inventory
management, shipping and accounting. Many of these systems were not optimized
for our business processes. We have initiated a project to implement new systems
to replace the duplicated versions of Cabot Corporation's systems. We may not be
successful in implementing these systems and transitioning data from the
duplicated versions of Cabot Corporation's systems to our new systems. We
continue to rely upon the network infrastructure provided and maintained by
Cabot Corporation.

  A NUMBER OF OUR DIRECTORS MAY HAVE CONFLICTS OF INTEREST BECAUSE THEY ARE ALSO
  DIRECTORS OR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF CABOT CORPORATION OR OWN CABOT CORPORATION
  STOCK

     Two members of our board of directors are directors and/or executive
officers of Cabot Corporation (prior to May, 2001, three members were). Our
directors who are also directors and/or executive officers of Cabot Corporation
have obligations to both companies and may have conflicts of interest with
respect to
                                        28
<PAGE>

matters involving or affecting us, such as acquisitions and other corporate
opportunities that may be suitable for both us and Cabot Corporation, as well as
related party transactions and agreements between us and Cabot Corporation such
as our fumed metal oxide, fumed alumina supply, and dispersion services
agreements. In addition, a number of our directors and executive officers own
Cabot Corporation stock and options on Cabot Corporation stock they acquired as
employees of Cabot Corporation. This ownership could create, or appear to
create, potential conflicts of interest when these directors and officers are
faced with decisions that could have different implications for our company and
Cabot Corporation.

  WE MAY HAVE CONFLICTS WITH CABOT CORPORATION WITH RESPECT TO OUR PAST AND
  ONGOING RELATIONSHIPS

     Conflicts of interest may arise between Cabot Corporation and us in a
number of areas relating to our past and ongoing relationships. We may have
conflicts with Cabot Corporation that we cannot resolve and, even if we are able
to do so, the resolution of these conflicts may not be as favorable as if we
were dealing with a party with whom we had never been affiliated. For example,
Cabot Corporation continues to be our exclusive supplier, subject to certain
terms and conditions, of certain fumed metal oxides in certain amounts for our
slurry products produced as of the date of our initial public offering under a
fumed metal oxide agreement between Cabot Corporation and our company and as of
December, 2001 under a fumed alumina supply agreement. These and other
agreements were made or structured in the context of an affiliated relationship
and generally were negotiated in the overall context of our separation from
Cabot Corporation. The prices and other terms under these agreements may be less
favorable to us than what we could have obtained in arm's-length negotiations
with unaffiliated third parties for similar services or under similar
agreements. It is particularly difficult to assess whether the price for fumed
metal oxides provided under our fumed metal oxide supply agreement, and its
December, 2001 amendment with respect to fumed alumina, or for fumed alumina
under our fumed alumina supply agreement or other arrangements with Cabot
Corporation is the same as or different from the price we could have obtained in
arm's-length negotiations with an unaffiliated third party in light of the
long-term nature of the contract, the volumes provided for under the agreement
and our particular quality requirements.

  IF THE SPIN-OFF IS NOT TAX-FREE, WE COULD BE LIABLE TO CABOT CORPORATION FOR
  THE RESULTING TAXES

     On September 29, 2000, Cabot Corporation effected the spin-off of Cabot
Microelectronics by distributing 0.280473721 shares of our common stock as a
dividend on each share of Cabot Corporation common stock outstanding on
September 13, 2000, or an aggregate of 18,989,744 shares of our common stock. We
have agreed to indemnify Cabot Corporation in the event the spin-off is not
tax-free to Cabot Corporation as a result of various actions taken by or with
respect to us or our failure to take various actions, all as set forth in our
tax sharing agreement with Cabot Corporation. We may not be able to control some
of the events that could trigger this liability. In particular, any acquisition
of us by a third party within two years of the spin-off could result in the
spin-off becoming a taxable transaction and give rise to our obligation to
indemnify Cabot Corporation for any resulting tax liability.

RISKS RELATING TO THE MARKET FOR OUR COMMON STOCK

  THE MARKET PRICE MAY FLUCTUATE WIDELY AND RAPIDLY

     The market price of our common stock could fluctuate significantly as a
result of factors such as: economic and stock market conditions generally and
specifically as they may impact participants in the semiconductor industry;
changes in financial estimates and recommendations by securities analysts
following our stock; earnings and other announcements by, and changes in market
evaluations of, us or participants in the semiconductor industry; changes in
business or regulatory conditions affecting us or participants in the
semiconductor industry; announcements or implementation by us or our competitors
of technological innovations or new products; and trading volume of our common
stock.

     The securities of many companies have experienced extreme price and volume
fluctuations in recent years, often unrelated to the companies' operating
performance. Specifically, market prices for securities of technology related
companies have frequently reached elevated levels, often following their initial
public

                                        29
<PAGE>

offerings. These levels may not be sustainable and may not bear any relationship
to these companies' operating performances. In the past, following periods of
volatility in the market price of a company's securities, stockholders have
often instituted securities class action litigation against a company. If we
were involved in a class action suit, it could divert the attention of senior
management, and, if adversely determined, have a negative impact on our
business, results of operations and financial condition.

  ANTI-TAKEOVER PROVISIONS UNDER OUR CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION AND BYLAWS,
  OUR RIGHTS PLAN AND DELAWARE GENERAL CORPORATION LAW MAY ADVERSELY AFFECT THE
  PRICE OF OUR COMMON STOCK, DISCOURAGE THIRD PARTIES FROM MAKING A BID FOR OUR
  COMPANY OR REDUCE ANY PREMIUMS PAID TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS FOR THEIR COMMON STOCK

     Our certificate of incorporation, our bylaws, our rights plan and various
provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law may make it more difficult to
effect a change in control of our company. Our certificate of incorporation, our
by-laws, our rights plan and the various provisions of Delaware General
Corporation Law may adversely affect the price of our common stock, discourage
third parties from making a bid for our company or reduce any premiums paid to
our stockholders for their common stock. For example, we amended our certificate
of incorporation to authorize our board of directors to issue up to 20 million
shares of blank check preferred stock and to attach special rights and
preferences to this preferred stock. The issuance of this preferred stock may
make it more difficult for a third party to acquire control of us. We also
amended our certificate of incorporation to provide for the division of our
board of directors into three classes as nearly equal in size as possible with
staggered three-year terms. This classification of our board of directors could
have the effect of making it more difficult for a third party to acquire our
company, or of discouraging a third party from acquiring control of our company.
In addition, the rights issued to our stockholders under our rights plan may
make it more difficult or expensive for another person or entity to acquire
control of us without the consent of our board of directors.

     We have adopted change-in-control arrangements covering our executive
officers and other key employees. These arrangements provide for a cash
severance payment, continued medical benefits and other ancillary payments and
benefits upon termination of a covered employee's employment following a change
in control.

ITEM 7A.  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

  EFFECT OF CURRENCY EXCHANGE RATES AND EXCHANGE RATE RISK MANAGEMENT

     We conduct business operations outside of the United States through our
foreign operations. Our foreign operations maintain their accounting records in
their local currencies. Consequently, period to period comparability of results
of operations is affected by fluctuations in exchange rates. The primary
currencies to which we have exposure are the Japanese Yen and the British Pound.
Our exposure to foreign currency exchange risks has not been significant because
a significant portion of our foreign sales are denominated in U.S. dollars. From
time to time we enter into forward contracts in an effort to manage foreign
currency exchange exposure. Approximately 15% of our revenue is transacted in
currencies other than the U.S. dollar. We do not currently enter into forward
exchange contracts for speculative or trading purposes.

  MARKET RISK AND SENSITIVITY ANALYSIS FOREIGN EXCHANGE RATE RISK

     We have performed a sensitivity analysis assuming a hypothetical 10%
adverse movement in foreign exchange rates. As of September 30, 2001, the
analysis demonstrated that such market movements would not have a material
adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows
over a one year period. Actual gains and losses in the future may differ
materially from this analysis based on changes in the timing and amount of
foreign currency rate movements and our actual exposures. We believe that our
exposure to foreign currency exchange rate risk at September 30, 2001 was not
material.

                                        30
<PAGE>

ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

  CABOT MICROELECTRONICS CORPORATION
  INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                              PAGE
                                                              ----
<S>                                                           <C>
Financial Statements:
  Report of Independent Accountants.........................   32
  Statements of Income for the years ended September 30,
     2001, 2000 and 1999....................................   33
  Balance Sheets at September 30, 2001 and 2000.............   34
  Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended September 30,
     2001, 2000 and 1999....................................   35
  Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity for the years
     ended September 30, 2001, 2000 and 1999................   36
  Notes to the Financial Statements.........................   37
  Selected Quarterly Operating Results......................   57
Financial Statement Schedule:
  Schedule II -- Valuation and Qualifying Accounts..........   58
</Table>

     All other schedules are omitted, because they are not required, are not
applicable, or the information is included in the financial statements and notes
thereto.

                                        31
<PAGE>

                       REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS

To the Directors and Stockholders of Cabot Microelectronics Corporation

     In our opinion, the financial statements listed in the accompanying index
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Cabot
Microelectronics Corporation at September 30, 2001 and 2000, and the results of
its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period
ended September 30, 2001 in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. In addition, in our opinion, the
financial statement schedule listed in the accompanying index presents fairly,
in all material respects, the information set forth therein when read in
conjunction with the related financial statements. These financial statements
and financial statement schedule are the responsibility of the Company's
management; our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
statements and financial statement schedule based on our audits. We conducted
our audits of these statements in accordance with auditing standards generally
accepted in the United States of America, which require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis,
evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements,
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We
believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

                                          /s/ PRICEWATERHOUSECOOPERS LLP
Chicago, Illinois
October 25, 2001, except for paragraphs 2, 3 and 4
of Note 4, as to which the date is December 12, 2001

                                        32
<PAGE>

                       CABOT MICROELECTRONICS CORPORATION
                              STATEMENTS OF INCOME

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                  YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30,
                                                              --------------------------------
                                                                2001        2000        1999
                                                              ---------   ---------   --------
                                                              (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE
                                                                          AMOUNTS)
<S>                                                           <C>         <C>         <C>
Revenue.....................................................  $227,192    $181,156    $98,690
Cost of goods sold..........................................   108,419      86,290     48,087
                                                              --------    --------    -------
       Gross profit.........................................   118,773      94,866     50,603
Operating expenses:
  Research and development..................................    25,805      19,762     14,768
  Selling and marketing.....................................     8,757       7,594      4,932
  General and administrative................................    21,054      19,974     11,107
  Amortization of goodwill and other intangibles............       718         718        720
                                                              --------    --------    -------
     Total operating expenses...............................    56,334      48,048     31,527
                                                              --------    --------    -------
Operating income............................................    62,439      46,818     19,076
Other income, net...........................................     1,049         130         --
                                                              --------    --------    -------
Income before income taxes..................................    63,488      46,948     19,076
Provision for income taxes..................................    21,586      16,446      6,796
                                                              --------    --------    -------
     Net income.............................................  $ 41,902    $ 30,502    $12,280
                                                              ========    ========    =======
Basic net income per share..................................  $   1.76    $   1.44    $  0.65
                                                              ========    ========    =======
Weighted average basic shares outstanding...................    23,824      21,214     18,990
                                                              ========    ========    =======
Diluted net income per share................................  $   1.72    $   1.39    $  0.65
                                                              ========    ========    =======
Weighted average diluted shares outstanding.................    24,327      21,888     18,990
                                                              ========    ========    =======
</Table>

   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

                                        33
<PAGE>

                       CABOT MICROELECTRONICS CORPORATION
                                 BALANCE SHEETS

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                  SEPTEMBER 30,
                                                              ---------------------
                                                                2001        2000
                                                              ---------   ---------
                                                              (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT
                                                                 SHARE AMOUNTS)
<S>                                                           <C>         <C>
                                      ASSETS
Current assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents.................................  $ 47,677    $  9,971
  Accounts receivable, less allowance for doubtful accounts
     of $1,014 at September 30, 2001 and $233 at September
     30, 2000...............................................    26,735      30,595
  Inventories...............................................    16,806      14,014
  Prepaid expenses and other current assets.................     1,742       2,752
  Deferred income taxes.....................................     3,494       1,721
                                                              --------    --------
       Total current assets.................................    96,454      59,053
Property, plant and equipment, net..........................    97,426      71,873
Goodwill, net...............................................     1,045       1,328
Other intangible assets, net................................     1,562       2,002
Deferred income taxes and other assets......................       194       1,850
                                                              --------    --------
       Total assets.........................................  $196,681    $136,106
                                                              ========    ========
                       LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Current liabilities:
  Accounts payable..........................................  $ 13,557    $ 11,646
  Accrued expenses, income taxes payable and other current
     liabilities............................................    12,809      12,554
                                                              --------    --------
       Total current liabilities............................    26,366      24,200
  Long-term debt............................................     3,500       3,500
  Deferred income taxes.....................................       268         160
  Deferred compensation and other long term liabilities.....       260         684
                                                              --------    --------
       Total liabilities....................................    30,394      28,544
Commitments and contingencies (Note 19)
Stockholders' equity:
  Common stock:
     Authorized: 200,000,000 shares, $0.001 par value Issued
      and outstanding: 24,079,997 shares at September 30,
      2001 and 23,590,293 shares at September 30, 2000......        24          24
  Capital in excess of par value of common stock............   107,335      88,290
  Retained earnings.........................................    60,440      18,538
  Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss).............    (1,191)        792
  Unearned compensation.....................................      (321)        (82)
                                                              --------    --------
       Total stockholders' equity...........................   166,287     107,562
                                                              --------    --------
       Total liabilities and stockholders' equity...........  $196,681    $136,106
                                                              ========    ========
</Table>

   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
                                        34
<PAGE>

                       CABOT MICROELECTRONICS CORPORATION
                            STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                 YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30,
                                                              ------------------------------
                                                                2001       2000       1999
                                                              --------   --------   --------
                                                                      (IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                           <C>        <C>        <C>
Cash flows from operating activities:
  Net income................................................  $ 41,902   $ 30,502   $ 12,280
  Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided
     by operating activities:
     Depreciation and amortization..........................     7,787      4,891      2,777
     Noncash compensation expense and non-employee stock
       options..............................................     1,822      4,451        900
     Provision for inventory writedown......................       902        434        130
     Provision for doubtful accounts........................       781        183         --
     Stock option income tax benefits.......................     6,587         --         --
     Deferred income tax benefit............................      (394)    (2,117)      (215)
     Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment......       131         85        141
  Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
     Accounts receivable....................................     1,892    (11,177)   (10,616)
     Inventories............................................    (2,827)    (8,865)       646
     Prepaid expenses and other assets......................     1,196     (3,037)      (143)
     Accounts payable, accrued liabilities and other current
       liabilities..........................................     2,997     16,258      2,861
     Income taxes payable, deferred compensation and other
       noncurrent liabilities...............................      (232)       262        189
                                                              --------   --------   --------
Net cash provided by operating activities...................    62,544     31,870      8,950
                                                              --------   --------   --------
Cash flows from investing activities:
  Additions to property, plant and equipment................   (35,328)   (38,923)   (17,194)
  Proceeds from the sale of property, plant and equipment...         2      1,675         65
                                                              --------   --------   --------
Net cash used in investing activities.......................   (35,326)   (37,248)   (17,129)
                                                              --------   --------   --------
Cash flows from financing activities:
  Proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt..............        --     17,000         --
  Repayments of long-term debt..............................        --    (13,500)        --
  Net capital contributed by Cabot Corporation..............        --     10,070      8,067
  Net proceeds from issuance of stock.......................    10,390     82,765         --
  Dividends paid to Cabot Corporation.......................        --    (81,300)        --
  Net proceeds from stockholder.............................        --        124         --
                                                              --------   --------   --------
Net cash provided by financing activities...................    10,390     15,159      8,067
                                                              --------   --------   --------
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash.....................        98        152        112
                                                              --------   --------   --------
Increase in cash............................................    37,706      9,933         --
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year..............     9,971         38         38
                                                              --------   --------   --------
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year....................  $ 47,677   $  9,971   $     38
                                                              ========   ========   ========
Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:
  Cash paid for income taxes................................  $ 15,059   $ 11,448   $     --
  Cash paid for interest....................................       304        350         --
Supplemental disclosure of non-cash financing activities:
  Issuance of restricted stock..............................  $    660   $    123   $     --
</Table>

   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

                                        35
<PAGE>

                       CABOT MICROELECTRONICS CORPORATION

                  STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
<Table>
<Caption>
                                                              COMMON                             ACCUMULATED
                                                              STOCK,      CAPITAL                   OTHER
                                                  PARENT      $0.000     IN EXCESS   RETAINED   COMPREHENSIVE   COMPREHENSIVE
                                                INVESTMENT   PAR VALUE    OF PAR     EARNINGS      INCOME          INCOME
                                                ----------   ---------   ---------   --------   -------------   -------------
                                                                               (IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                             <C>          <C>         <C>         <C>        <C>             <C>
BALANCE AT SEPTEMBER 30, 1998.................   $ 36,512                            $  4,434      $   172
Capital contribution from Cabot Corporation...      8,067
Issuance of Cabot Corporation restricted stock
 under employee compensation plans............      2,050
Amortization of deferred compensation.........
Net income....................................                                         12,280                      $12,280
Foreign currency translation adjustment.......                                                         802             802
                                                                                                                   -------
Total comprehensive income....................                                                                     $13,082
                                                                                                                   =======
                                                 --------       ---      --------    --------      -------
BALANCE AT SEPTEMBER 30, 1999.................     46,629                              16,714          974
Capital contribution from Cabot Corporation...      6,900                $  2,225
Capitalization of Cabot Microelectronics......    (53,586)      $19        53,567
Dividend paid to Cabot Corporation............                            (52,622)    (28,678)
Proceeds from initial public offering (net)...                    5        82,760
Issuance of stock options to non-Cabot
 Microelectronics employees...................                              2,113
Issuance of Cabot Corporation restricted stock
 under employee compensation plans............         57
Amortization of deferred compensation.........
Issuance of Cabot Microelectronics restricted
 stock under employee compensation plans......                                123
Amortization of unearned compensation on
 restricted stock.............................
Accelerated vesting of Cabot Corporation
 restricted stock under deferred compensation
 plan.........................................
Proceeds from stockholder.....................                                124
Net income....................................                                         30,502                      $30,502
Foreign currency translation adjustment.......                                                        (182)           (182)
                                                                                                                   -------
Total comprehensive income....................                                                                     $30,320
                                                                                                                   =======
                                                 --------       ---      --------    --------      -------
BALANCE AT SEPTEMBER 30, 2000.................         --        24        88,290      18,538          792
Exercise of stock options.....................                              8,746
Tax benefit on stock options exercised........                              6,587
Issuance of Cabot Microelectronics restricted
 stock under employee compensation plans......                                660
Amortization of unearned compensation on
 restricted stock.............................
Issuance of stock options to non-Cabot
 Microelectronics employees...................                                106
Issuance of Cabot Microelectronics stock under
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan.................                              1,651
Modification of stock award grants............                              1,295
Net income....................................                                         41,902                      $41,902
Net unrealized loss on derivative
 instruments..................................                                                        (632)           (632)
Foreign currency translation adjustment.......                                                      (1,351)         (1,351)
                                                                                                                   -------
Total comprehensive income....................                                                                     $39,919
                                                                                                                   =======
                                                 --------       ---      --------    --------      -------
BALANCE AT SEPTEMBER 30, 2001.................   $     --       $24      $107,335    $ 60,440      $(1,191)
                                                 ========       ===      ========    ========      =======

<Caption>

                                                  UNEARNED
                                                COMPENSATION    TOTAL
                                                ------------   --------
                                                    (IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                             <C>            <C>
BALANCE AT SEPTEMBER 30, 1998.................    $(1,090)     $ 40,028
Capital contribution from Cabot Corporation...                    8,067
Issuance of Cabot Corporation restricted stock
 under employee compensation plans............     (2,050)           --
Amortization of deferred compensation.........        900           900
Net income....................................
Foreign currency translation adjustment.......
Total comprehensive income....................                   13,082
                                                  -------      --------
BALANCE AT SEPTEMBER 30, 1999.................     (2,240)       62,077
Capital contribution from Cabot Corporation...                    9,125
Capitalization of Cabot Microelectronics......                       --
Dividend paid to Cabot Corporation............                  (81,300)
Proceeds from initial public offering (net)...                   82,765
Issuance of stock options to non-Cabot
 Microelectronics employees...................                    2,113
Issuance of Cabot Corporation restricted stock
 under employee compensation plans............        (57)           --
Amortization of deferred compensation.........      1,180         1,180
Issuance of Cabot Microelectronics restricted
 stock under employee compensation plans......       (123)           --
Amortization of unearned compensation on
 restricted stock.............................         41            41
Accelerated vesting of Cabot Corporation
 restricted stock under deferred compensation
 plan.........................................      1,117         1,117
Proceeds from stockholder.....................                      124
Net income....................................
Foreign currency translation adjustment.......
Total comprehensive income....................                   30,320
                                                  -------      --------
BALANCE AT SEPTEMBER 30, 2000.................        (82)      107,562
Exercise of stock options.....................                    8,746
Tax benefit on stock options exercised........                    6,587
Issuance of Cabot Microelectronics restricted
 stock under employee compensation plans......       (660)            0
Amortization of unearned compensation on
 restricted stock.............................        421           421
Issuance of stock options to non-Cabot
 Microelectronics employees...................                      106
Issuance of Cabot Microelectronics stock under
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan.................                    1,651
Modification of stock award grants............                    1,295
Net income....................................
Net unrealized loss on derivative
 instruments..................................
Foreign currency translation adjustment.......
Total comprehensive income....................                   39,919
                                                  -------      --------
BALANCE AT SEPTEMBER 30, 2001.................    $  (321)     $166,287
                                                  =======      ========
</Table>

   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

                                        36
<PAGE>

                       CABOT MICROELECTRONICS CORPORATION
                         NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
               (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE AND PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

1.  BACKGROUND AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION

     We are the leading supplier of high performance polishing slurries used in
the manufacture of the most advanced integrated circuit ("IC") devices, within a
process called chemical mechanical planarization ("CMP"). We believe that we
supply approximately 80% of the slurries sold to IC device manufacturers
worldwide. CMP is a polishing process used by IC device manufacturers to
planarize many of the multiple layers of material that are built upon silicon
wafers to produce advanced devices.

     The financial statements have been prepared by Cabot Microelectronics
Corporation ("Cabot Microelectronics", "the Company", "us", "we", or "our"),
pursuant to the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") and
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Our
financial statements reflect the historical results of operations, financial
position and cash flows of Cabot Microelectronics which, prior to the initial
public offering and spin-off discussed in Note 2, operated as a division and
subsidiary (incorporated October, 1999) of Cabot Corporation ("Cabot
Corporation"). We operate predominantly in one industry segment -- the
development, manufacture, and sale of CMP slurries. Certain reclassifications of
prior fiscal year amounts have been made to conform with the current period
presentation.

     For the years ended September 30, 2000 and 1999, the statements of income
include an allocation from Cabot Corporation of employee benefits and costs of
shared services (including legal, finance, human resources, information systems,
corporate office, and safety, health and environmental expenses). These costs
were allocated to Cabot Microelectronics based on criteria that management
believes to be equitable, such as Cabot Microelectronics' revenue, headcount, or
actual utilization in proportion to Cabot Corporation's revenue, headcount, or
actual utilization. Management believes this provides a reasonable estimate of
the costs attributable to Cabot Microelectronics. For the years ended September
30, 2000 and 1999, such allocated costs amounted to $5,728 and $5,716,
respectively. Allocated costs may not necessarily be indicative of the costs
that would have been incurred by Cabot Microelectronics on a stand-alone basis.

2.  SEPARATION FROM CABOT CORPORATION

     In July 1999, Cabot Corporation announced its plans to create an
independent publicly-traded company, Cabot Microelectronics, comprised of its
Microelectronics Materials Division. Cabot Microelectronics, which was
incorporated in October 1999, completed its initial public offering in April
2000 ("initial public offering"), receiving net proceeds of $82,765, after
deducting underwriting commissions and offering expenses, from the sale of
4,600,000 shares of common stock. Following the completion of the initial public
offering, Cabot Corporation owned approximately 80.5% of Cabot Microelectronics'
outstanding common stock. Cabot Microelectronics paid Cabot Corporation
aggregate dividends of $81,300 of which $17,000 was paid from borrowings under a
term credit facility prior to the initial public offering and $64,300 was paid
with proceeds from the initial public offering.

     On September 29, 2000, Cabot Corporation effected the spin-off
("spin-off"), of Cabot Microelectronics by distributing 0.280473721 shares of
Cabot Microelectronics common stock as a dividend on each share of Cabot
Corporation common stock outstanding on September 13, 2000, or an aggregate of
18,989,744 shares of Cabot Microelectronics common stock.

3. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

  CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

     We consider investments in all highly liquid debt instruments with original
maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents.

                                        37
<PAGE>
                       CABOT MICROELECTRONICS CORPORATION
                  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

  INVENTORIES

     Inventories are stated at the lower of cost, determined on the first-in,
first-out (FIFO) basis, or market. Finished goods and work in process
inventories include material, labor and manufacturing overhead costs.

  PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

     Property, plant and equipment are recorded at cost. Depreciation is based
on the following estimated useful lives of the assets using the straight-line
method:

<Table>
<S>                                                           <C>
Buildings...................................................  20-25 years
Machinery and equipment.....................................  5-10 years
Furniture and fixtures......................................  5-10 years
Information systems.........................................  3-5 years
</Table>

     Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are charged to expense as
incurred. Expenditures for major renewals and betterments are capitalized and
depreciated over the remaining useful lives. As assets are retired or sold, the
related cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any
resulting gain or loss is included in the results of operations. Costs related
to internal use software are capitalized in accordance with AICPA Statement of
Position No. 98-1, "Accounting for the Costs of Computer Software Developed or
Obtained for Internal Use". Such capitalized costs were $3,965 as of September
30, 2001 and since the associated projects have not been placed in service as of
that date, no depreciation expense was recognized in fiscal 2001.

  GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS

     Goodwill and other intangible assets were acquired in connection with a
July 1995 purchase of selected assets (see Note 5). Other intangible assets
consist of trade secrets and know-how, distribution rights and customer lists.
Goodwill and other intangible assets have historically been amortized on the
straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives.

  IMPAIRMENT OF LONG-LIVED ASSETS

     We review long-lived assets, including goodwill and other intangible
assets, for impairment whenever events or changes in business circumstances
indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be fully recoverable or
that the useful lives of these assets are no longer appropriate. We believe that
no material impairment exists at September 30, 2001.

  FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION

     Our operations in Europe and Asia operate primarily in local currency.
Accordingly, all assets and liabilities of these operations are translated using
exchange rates in effect at the end of the year, and revenue and costs are
translated using weighted average exchange rates for the year. The related
translation adjustments are reported in Comprehensive Income in stockholders'
equity. Gains and losses resulting from foreign currency transactions are
recorded in the statements of income for all periods presented.

  FOREIGN EXCHANGE MANAGEMENT

     We transact business in various foreign currencies, primarily the Japanese
Yen and the British Pound. Our exposure to foreign currency exchange risks has
not been significant because a significant portion of our foreign sales are
denominated in U.S. dollars. However, we have entered into forward contracts in
an effort to manage foreign currency exchange exposure regarding our accounts
receivable and payable positions denominated in foreign currencies, and
commitments for construction costs associated with our Geino, Japan

                                        38
<PAGE>
                       CABOT MICROELECTRONICS CORPORATION
                  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

expansion. The purpose of our foreign currency management activity is to protect
us from the risk that eventual cash flow requirements from significant foreign
currency commitments or transactions may be adversely affected by changes in
exchange rates from the commitment or transaction date through the settlement
date. We do not currently use derivative financial instruments for trading or
speculative purposes.

  FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

     The recorded amounts of cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable and
long-term debt approximate their fair values.

  CONCENTRATION OF CREDIT RISK

     Financial instruments that subject us to concentrations of credit risk
consist principally of accounts receivable. We perform ongoing credit
evaluations of our customers' financial condition and generally do not require
collateral to secure accounts receivable. Our exposure to credit risk associated
with nonpayment is affected principally by conditions or occurrences within the
semiconductor industry. We historically have not experienced material losses
relating to accounts receivables from individual customers or groups of
customers and maintain an allowance for doubtful accounts based on an assessment
of the collectibility of such accounts.

     Revenue from customers who represented more than 10% of revenue were as
follows:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                             YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30,
                                                             ------------------------
                                                             2001      2000      1999
                                                             ----      ----      ----
<S>                                                          <C>       <C>       <C>
Customer A.................................................  14%       15%       22%
Customer B.................................................  21%       17%       15%
Customer C.................................................   5%       11%       10%
</Table>

     Customers B and C in the above table are distributors.

     The three customers above accounted for 37.1% and 48.0% of net accounts
receivable at September 30, 2001 and 2000, respectively.

  REVENUE RECOGNITION

     Revenue is recognized upon completion of delivery obligations, provided
acceptance and collectibility are reasonably assured. A provision for the
estimated warranty cost is recorded at the time revenue is recognized based on
our historical experience. In December 1999, the SEC released Staff Accounting
Bulletin No. 101 ("SAB 101"), which provides guidance on the recognition,
presentation and disclosure of revenue in financial statements filed with the
SEC. We have adopted the provisions of SAB 101, which did not have a material
impact on our results of operations or financial condition for the year ended
September 30, 2001.

  RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

     Research and development costs are expensed as incurred.

  INCOME TAXES

     Prior to the September 29, 2000 spin-off, we were not a separate taxable
entity for federal, state or local income tax purposes. For years prior to
fiscal 2001, our operations were included in the consolidated Cabot Corporation
tax returns and the income tax provisions were calculated on a separate return
basis.

     Deferred income taxes are determined based on the estimated future tax
effects of differences between financial statement carrying amounts and the tax
bases of existing assets and liabilities. Provisions are made for the U.S. and
any non-U.S. deferred income tax liability or benefit.

                                        39
<PAGE>
                       CABOT MICROELECTRONICS CORPORATION
                  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

  STOCK BASED COMPENSATION

     In accordance with the provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards ("SFAS") No. 123, "Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation" ("SFAS
123"), we have elected to account for stock-based compensation plans in
accordance with Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 25, "Accounting for
Stock Issued to Employees" ("APB 25"), and related interpretations. We disclose
the summary of pro forma effects to reported net income as if we had elected to
recognize compensation cost based on the fair value of stock based awards to
employees of Cabot Microelectronics as prescribed by SFAS 123.

  EARNINGS PER SHARE

     Basic net income per share is calculated based on the weighted average
shares of common stock outstanding during the period, and diluted earnings per
share is calculated based on the weighted average of common stock outstanding,
plus the dilutive effect of stock options, calculated using the treasury stock
method. The calculation of weighted average shares outstanding for the year
ended September 30, 2000 includes the pro forma 18,989,744 shares that were
owned by Cabot Corporation prior to the closing of our initial public offering.

     Basic and diluted net income per share for the year ended September 30,
1999 have been calculated using the pro forma 18,989,744 shares that were owned
by Cabot Corporation. These shares take into consideration a 18,989,744 to 1
stock split which occurred subsequent to March 31, 2000, but prior to the
completion of the initial public offering.

  COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

     We have implemented SFAS No. 130 "Reporting Comprehensive Income" ("SFAS
130"), effective October 1, 1998. This standard requires us to report the total
changes in Stockholders' Equity that do not result directly from transactions
with stockholders, including those which do not affect retained earnings. Other
comprehensive income is comprised of accumulated foreign currency translation
adjustments and net unrealized losses on derivative instruments.

  USE OF ESTIMATES

     The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with generally
accepted accounting principles requires management to make certain estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reported
period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

  EFFECTS OF RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

     In July 2001, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued SFAS
No. 141, "Business Combinations" ("SFAS 141") and SFAS No. 142, "Goodwill and
Other Intangible Assets" ("SFAS 142"). SFAS 141 requires business combinations
initiated after June 30, 2001 to be accounted for using the purchase method of
accounting. It also defines the criteria for identifying intangible assets for
recognition apart from goodwill. SFAS 142 addresses the recognition and
measurement of goodwill and other intangible assets subsequent to their
acquisition. This statement requires that intangible assets with finite useful
lives be amortized and intangible assets with indefinite lives and goodwill no
longer be amortized, but instead tested for impairment at least annually.
Effective October 1, 2001, we adopted SFAS 141 and SFAS 142 which resulted in
the reclassification of a portion of intangible assets regarding workforce in
place to goodwill. We determined that the resulting unamortized goodwill balance
of approximately $1,326 was not impaired. In accordance with the statement, we
will cease amortization of goodwill and will perform impairment tests annually.
Amortization of

                                        40
<PAGE>
                       CABOT MICROELECTRONICS CORPORATION
                  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

goodwill and other intangible assets was approximately $720 in both fiscal 2001
and 2000 and the adoption of these statements will reduce amortization expense
by approximately $357 in fiscal 2002.

     In August 2001, the FASB issued SFAS No. 143, "Accounting for Asset
Retirement Obligations" ("SFAS 143") which is effective for fiscal years
beginning after June 15, 2002. SFAS 143 addresses financial accounting and
reporting for obligations associated with the retirement of tangible long-lived
assets and the associated asset retirement costs. We do not expect the adoption
of SFAS 143 will have a material impact on our financial position or results of
operations.

     In October 2001, the FASB issued SFAS No. 144, "Accounting for the
Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets" ("SFAS 144") which is effective for
fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2001. SFAS 144 addresses financial
accounting and reporting for the impairment or disposal of long-lived assets and
supercedes SFAS 121 "Accounting for the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and for
Long-Lived Assets to be Disposed Of" while retaining many of the provisions of
that statement. SFAS 144 also supercedes the accounting and reporting provisions
of Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 30, "Reporting for the Impairment or
Disposal of a Segment of a Business, and Extraordinary, Unusual and Infrequently
Occurring Events and Transactions ("APB No. 30"). We do not expect the adoption
of SFAS 144 will have a material impact on our financial position or results of
operations.

4.  ARRANGEMENTS WITH CABOT CORPORATION

     Our relationship with Cabot Corporation following the initial public
offering and spin-off are currently governed by the following agreements:

  FUMED METAL OXIDE SUPPLY AGREEMENT

     A fumed metal oxide supply agreement with Cabot Corporation for the supply
of fumed silica and fumed alumina became effective upon the closing of our
initial public offering and was amended on December 12, 2001 with respect to its
terms for fumed alumina. Cabot Corporation continues to be the exclusive
supplier, subject to certain terms and conditions, of fumed silica for certain
of our slurry products produced as of the date of our initial public offering
and of fumed alumina up to certain amounts for certain of our slurry products as
of December, 2001. The agreement provides for a fixed annual increase in the
price of fumed silica of approximately 2% and additional increases if Cabot
Corporation's raw material costs increase. The agreement contains provisions
requiring Cabot Corporation to supply us with fumed silica in specified volumes.
We are obligated to purchase at least 90% of the six-month volume forecast and
must pay the difference if we purchase less than that amount. In addition, we
are obligated to pay all reasonable costs incurred by Cabot Corporation to
provide quality control testing at levels greater than that which Cabot
Corporation provides to other customers. Under the agreement and its amendment,
Cabot Corporation also supplies fumed alumina on terms generally similar to
those described above, except that certain of the forecast requirements do not
apply to fumed alumina, and the price is fixed and unchanged for a base level of
production, and we agreed to pay a higher incentive price for volumes above that
level. The terms related to fumed alumina now provide us with the first right,
subject to certain terms and conditions, to all fumed alumina that is subject to
the fumed metal oxide agreement. Cabot Corporation is not permitted to sell
fumed metal oxides to third parties for use in CMP applications.

     Under the agreement and the fumed alumina supply agreement, Cabot
Corporation warrants that its products will meet our agreed upon product
specifications. Cabot Corporation is obligated to replace noncompliant products
with products that meet the agreed upon specifications. The agreement also
provides that any change to product specifications for fumed metal oxides must
be by mutual agreement. Any increased costs due to product specification changes
will be paid by us. The agreement has an initial term that expires in June 2005
and may be terminated thereafter by either party on June 30 or December 31 in
any year upon 18 months prior written notice.
                                        41
<PAGE>
                       CABOT MICROELECTRONICS CORPORATION
                  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

  FUMED ALUMINA SUPPLY AGREEMENT

     Until December, 2001, we purchased fumed alumina from Cabot Corporation
only under the fumed metal oxide agreement. In order to meet our needs for fumed
alumina given the anticipated growth in sales of fumed alumina based slurries,
we entered into a fumed alumina supply agreement with Cabot Corporation on
December 12, 2001. Under this agreement, Cabot Corporation expanded its capacity
in Tuscola, Illinois for the manufacture of fumed alumina and we have first
right to all this capacity. The agreement provides that the price Cabot
Corporation charges us for fumed alumina is based on all of its fixed and
variable costs for producing the fumed alumina, plus its capital costs for
expanding its capacity, plus an agreed upon rate of return on investment, plus
incentive payments if Cabot Corporation produces more than a certain amount per
year. Quarterly payments of approximately $300 in respect to capital costs will
be made over the ten year term of the agreement. The agreement has an overall
ten year term, which expires in 2011, but we can choose not to renew the
agreement subject to certain terms and conditions and the payment of certain
costs, after five years.

  DISPERSION SERVICES AGREEMENT

     A dispersion services agreement with Cabot Corporation became effective
upon the closing of the initial public offering. We continue to provide fumed
metal oxide dispersion services to Cabot Corporation, including the
manufacturing, packaging and testing of the dispersions. Under the agreement,
Cabot Corporation supplies us with the fumed metal oxide particles necessary for
the manufacture of the dispersions. The pricing of the dispersion services is
determined on a cost-plus basis. Our obligation to provide Cabot Corporation
with dispersions is limited to certain maximum volumes and Cabot Corporation is
obligated to supply to us certain forecasts of their expected dispersion
purchases. Cabot Corporation agrees not to engage any third party other than
Davies Imperial Coatings, Inc. ("Davies") to provide dispersion services unless
we are unable to supply the requested or agreed-upon services. The agreement has
an initial term that expires in June 2005 and may be terminated by either party
on June 30 or December 31 in any year upon 18 months prior notice.

  FACILITIES LEASE ARRANGEMENTS

     Beginning in March 2000, we began subleasing from Cabot Corporation the
land and building in Barry, Wales that we utilize in our business. As noted
below under the caption "Master Separation Agreement", these assets were not
transferred to Cabot Microelectronics and accordingly, have not been included in
our balance sheet at September 30, 2001 and 2000. The lease will expire after
ten years, subject to earlier termination under certain circumstances.

  MASTER SEPARATION AGREEMENT

     A master separation agreement with Cabot Corporation provided for the
transfer of the legal ownership of substantially all of the assets and
liabilities of the former Microelectronics Materials Division to Cabot
Microelectronics. However, the land and building located in Barry, Wales were
not transferred to us as discussed above under the caption "Facilities Lease
Arrangements".

     We assumed all liabilities and obligations of Cabot Corporation relating to
or arising out of our business operations any time on or before the date of the
transfer of the former division's business operations to us other than various
excluded liabilities.

     Under the master separation agreement, Cabot Corporation transferred
intellectual property rights related solely to the business conducted by us,
including patents, copyrights, trademarks, technology and know-how and licenses
and other rights concerning third party technology and intellectual property.

     We agreed to indemnify Cabot Corporation against any losses or actions
arising out of or in connection with the liabilities assumed by us as part of
the separation, including any liabilities arising out of the current litigation
with Rodel (Note 19) and the conduct of our business and affairs after the
separation date. The
                                        42
<PAGE>
                       CABOT MICROELECTRONICS CORPORATION
                  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

Master Separation Agreement also provides that Cabot Corporation would continue
to defend the lawsuits instituted by Rodel against Cabot Corporation until we
notify Cabot Corporation that we will assume defense of the lawsuits, which we
did in October, 2000.

  TRADEMARK LICENSE AGREEMENT

     A trademark license agreement with Cabot Corporation governs our use of
various trademarks used in our core business. Under the agreement, Cabot
Corporation has granted a worldwide royalty-free license to use the trademarks
in connection with the manufacture, sale or distribution of products related to
our business and we agreed to refrain from various actions that could interfere
with Cabot Corporation's ownership of the trademarks. The agreement also
provides that our license to use the trademarks may be terminated for various
reasons, including discontinued use of the trademarks, breach of the agreement,
or a change in control of Cabot Microelectronics.

  CONFIDENTIAL DISCLOSURE AND LICENSE AGREEMENT

     A confidential disclosure and license agreement governs the treatment of
confidential and proprietary information, intellectual property and certain
other matters. Cabot Corporation granted a fully paid, world-wide non-exclusive
license to us for Cabot Corporation's copyrights, patents and technology that
were used by Cabot Corporation in connection with our activities prior to the
separation from Cabot Corporation. We granted to Cabot Corporation a fully paid,
world-wide, non-exclusive license to copyrights, patents and technologies that
are among the assets transferred to us under the master separation agreement and
that would be infringed by the manufacture, treatment, processing, handling,
marketing, sale or use of any products or services sold by Cabot Corporation for
applications other than CMP.

     In addition, Cabot Corporation assigned to us an undivided one-half
interest in various patents, copyrights and technology that relate to dispersion
technology, which are owned by Cabot Corporation and used in Cabot Corporation's
dispersion business and our business. Any costs, taxes or other fees related to
the assignments and transfers of intellectual property will generally be paid by
us.

  TAX-SHARING AND TAX REPORTING AND COOPERATION AGREEMENTS

     We were included in Cabot Corporation's consolidated federal income tax
group through the fiscal year ended September 30, 2000 as Cabot Corporation
beneficially owned at least 80% of the total voting power and value of our
outstanding common stock. At the time of our initial public offering we entered
into a tax-sharing agreement pursuant to which Cabot Microelectronics and Cabot
Corporation will make payments between them to achieve the same effects as if
Cabot Microelectronics were to file separate federal, state and local income tax
returns. Under the terms of the tax-sharing agreement, Cabot Corporation is
required to make any payment to us for the use of our tax attributes that arose
prior to the spin-off until such time as we would otherwise be able to utilize
such attributes. Each member of Cabot Corporation's consolidated group is
jointly and severally liable for the federal income tax liability of each other
member of the consolidated group. Accordingly, although the tax-sharing
agreement allocates tax liabilities between Cabot Microelectronics and Cabot
Corporation, during the period in which we were included in Cabot Corporation's
consolidated group, we could be liable in the event that any federal tax
liability is incurred, but not discharged, by any other member of Cabot
Corporation's consolidated group. We will indemnify Cabot Corporation in the
event that the spin-off is not tax free to Cabot Corporation as a result of
various actions taken by or with respect to Cabot Microelectronics or our
failure to take various actions.

     Further, as of September 29, 2000 Cabot Microelectronics and Cabot
Corporation entered into a tax reporting and cooperation agreement that
clarifies certain additional tax matters not specifically addressed by the
Internal Revenue Service Private Letter Ruling and the Tax Sharing Agreement.
Pursuant to the agreement, and subject to relevant tax regulation, Cabot
Microelectronics will claim the benefit of all tax

                                        43
<PAGE>
                       CABOT MICROELECTRONICS CORPORATION
                  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

deductions resulting from the awards granted to either Cabot Corporation or
Cabot Microelectronics employees under the Cabot Microelectronics 2000 Equity
Incentive Plan. We are also responsible for collecting and remitting all
required taxes and paying all employer taxes related to these awards.

     Cabot Corporation is responsible for collecting and remitting all required
taxes and paying all employer taxes related to the vesting of Cabot Corporation
restricted stock awards granted to Cabot Microelectronics employees. We are
entitled to the benefit of all tax deductions and will reimburse Cabot
Corporation for all employer taxes related to Cabot Corporation restricted stock
awards to Cabot Microelectronics employees.

     Cabot Corporation will receive the benefit of all tax deductions and is
responsible for all employment taxes resulting from the vesting of Cabot
Microelectronics stock received by employees of Cabot Corporation in the
distribution, who held restricted Cabot Corporation stock.

  EMPLOYEE MATTERS AGREEMENT

     We have an employee matters agreement with Cabot Corporation under which we
are, with certain exceptions, solely responsible for the compensation and
benefits of our employees who are former employees of Cabot Corporation. The
principal exception is the retirement benefits for employees of Cabot
Microelectronics. Cabot Corporation's tax-qualified retirement plans retain all
assets and liabilities relating to our employees who are former employees of
Cabot Corporation (subject to any distributions from the plans that are required
or permitted by the plans and applicable law).

  GUARANTEE OF EMPLOYEE LOANS

     In fiscal 2000, Cabot Corporation fully vested the restricted shares of
Cabot Corporation common stock awarded to the Cabot Microelectronics' employees
in conjunction with the Cabot Corporation Long Term Incentive Program. As a
result of the immediate vesting, all employee loans from Cabot Corporation
associated with the restricted stock came due. Cabot Corporation agreed to
extend the maturity date of the loans to December 29, 2000, in consideration of
our guaranteeing the repayment of the loans. All employee loans were repaid to
Cabot Corporation and we have no future obligation with respect to the Cabot
Corporation Long Term Incentive Program.

  EXTENSION OF MANAGEMENT SERVICES AGREEMENT

     A management services agreement with Cabot Corporation governed certain
administrative and corporate support services provided by Cabot Corporation to
us on an interim or transitional basis prior to the spin-off. Cabot Corporation
charged us for all costs incurred to provide these services.

     On September 29, 2000 we entered into an Extension of Management Services
Agreement with Cabot Corporation to extend the term for certain safety, health,
and environmental, and information technology, services to be provided, pursuant
to terms of the original Management Services Agreement through March 30, 2001.
The provision regarding certain information technology services was subsequently
extended until May 30, 2002.

5.  ACQUISITION OF SELECTED ASSETS

     On July 3, 1995, we acquired selected assets used or created in connection
with the development and sale of polishing slurries. The acquisition was
accounted for using the purchase method of accounting. Accordingly, the purchase
price of $9,800 was allocated to the net assets acquired based on their
estimated fair values. Identifiable intangible assets, consisting primarily of
trade secrets and know-how, distribution rights, customer lists and workforce in
place, were valued at $4,300 and are being amortized on a straight-line basis
over their estimated useful lives of 7-10 years. The excess of purchase price
over the fair value of the net assets acquired (goodwill) was approximately
$2,800, and is being amortized on a straight-line basis over ten years.

                                        44
<PAGE>
                       CABOT MICROELECTRONICS CORPORATION
                  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

Accumulated amortization of goodwill and other intangible assets as of September
30, 2001 and 2000 was $4,488 and $3,770, respectively. In addition to the
purchase price, we also make contingent payments in the amount of 2.5% of
applicable slurry revenue through June 30, 2002. These payments are recorded and
paid on a monthly basis and are included in cost of goods sold.

6.  INVENTORIES

     Inventories consisted of the following:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                SEPTEMBER 30,
                                                              -----------------
                                                               2001      2000
                                                              -------   -------
<S>                                                           <C>       <C>
Raw materials...............................................  $11,981   $ 9,139
Work in process.............................................       42        28
Finished goods..............................................    4,783     4,847
                                                              -------   -------
Total.......................................................  $16,806   $14,014
                                                              =======   =======
</Table>

7.  PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

     Property, plant and equipment consisted of the following:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                SEPTEMBER 30,
                                                              ------------------
                                                                2001      2000
                                                              --------   -------
<S>                                                           <C>        <C>
Land........................................................  $ 11,253   $10,541
Buildings...................................................    39,223    30,935
Machinery and equipment.....................................    45,445    34,479
Furniture and fixtures......................................     2,034     1,690
Information systems.........................................     1,314       732
Construction in progress....................................    13,676     2,377
                                                              --------   -------
Total property, plant and equipment.........................   112,945    80,754
Less: accumulated depreciation..............................   (15,519)   (8,881)
                                                              --------   -------
Net property, plant and equipment...........................  $ 97,426   $71,873
                                                              ========   =======
</Table>

     Depreciation expense was $7,069, $4,174 and $2,057 for the years ended
September 30, 2001, 2000 and 1999, respectively.

                                        45
<PAGE>
                       CABOT MICROELECTRONICS CORPORATION
                  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

8.  ACCRUED EXPENSES, INCOME TAXES PAYABLE AND OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES

     Accrued expenses and other current liabilities consisted of the following:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                SEPTEMBER 30,
                                                              -----------------
                                                               2001      2000
                                                              -------   -------
<S>                                                           <C>       <C>
Raw material accruals.......................................  $   609   $ 1,987
Accrued compensation........................................    8,220     4,673
Warranty accrual............................................    1,255       773
Fixed asset accrual.........................................       54     2,133
Income taxes payable........................................      237        --
Other.......................................................    2,434     2,988
                                                              -------   -------
Total.......................................................  $12,809   $12,554
                                                              =======   =======
</Table>

9.  LONG-TERM DEBT

     At September 30, 2001 long-term debt was comprised of an unsecured term
loan in the amount of $3,500 funded on the basis of the Illinois State
Treasurer's Economic Program. This loan is due on April 3, 2005 and incurs
interest at an annual rate of 6.37% until April 3, 2002 and 1.75% plus 70% of
the three year treasury rate thereafter. On July 10, 2001, the agreement between
Cabot Microelectronics and LaSalle Bank for this loan was amended and restated.
Although the loan amount of $3,500 was unchanged, various other terms were
revised and the termination date was amended from June 1, 2005 to April 3, 2005.

     On July 10, 2001 we entered into a $75,000 unsecured revolving credit and
term loan facility with a group of commercial banks which replaced our $25,000
unsecured revolving credit facility and $8,500 revolving line of credit; both of
which were terminated. Under the new agreement, which terminates July 10, 2004,
interest accrues on any outstanding balance at either the institution's base
rate or the eurodollar rate plus an applicable margin. A non-use fee also
accrues. Loans under this facility will be used primarily for general corporate
purposes, including working capital and capital expenditures. The credit
agreement also contains various covenants. No amounts are currently outstanding
under the new credit facility and we are currently in compliance with the
covenants. No amounts were outstanding under the former lines of credit at
September 30, 2000.

10.  DERIVATIVES

     In the first quarter of fiscal 2001, we adopted Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 133 ("SFAS 133"), "Accounting for Derivative
Instruments and Hedging Activities," which establishes accounting and reporting
standards for derivative instruments and for hedging activities. All
derivatives, whether designated in hedging relationships or not, are required to
be recorded on the balance sheet at fair value. If the derivative is designated
as a fair value hedge, the changes in the fair value of the derivative and of
the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk are recognized in earnings. If
the derivative is designated as a cash flow hedge, the effective portions of
changes in the fair value of the derivative are recorded in other comprehensive
income and are recognized in the income statement when the hedged item affects
earnings. Ineffective portions of changes in the fair value of cash flow hedges
are recognized in earnings.

     During fiscal 2001 we entered into two cash flow hedges to cover
commitments involving construction contracts associated with our Geino, Japan
expansion. The adoption of SFAS 133 resulted in a reduction to comprehensive
income for the twelve months ended September 30, 2001 of $632. We will
reclassify losses currently in other comprehensive income associated with the
cash flow hedges into earnings in the same period

                                        46
<PAGE>
                       CABOT MICROELECTRONICS CORPORATION
                  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

or periods in which the related assets affect earnings. There were no other
significant derivatives as of September 30, 2001.

11.  DEFERRED COMPENSATION

     Under the Directors' Deferred Compensation Plan, which became effective
March 13, 2001, certain eligible non-employee directors elected to defer their
compensation to future periods. As of September 30, 2001, $111 was deferred
under the plan. We do not currently maintain a deferred compensation plan for
employees.

     In fiscal 2000, certain officers and employees of Cabot Microelectronics
elected to defer certain percentages of their compensation to future periods
under the Cabot Corporation Supplemental Employee Retirement Plan. This program
was discontinued for Cabot Microelectronics employees effective September 30,
2000 and the $684 deferred as of that date was rolled over to the Cabot
Microelectronics Corporation Supplemental Employee Retirement Plan ("SERP")
explained in Note 14.

12.  JOINT DEVELOPMENT AGREEMENT

     In September 1998, we entered into a three-year joint development agreement
with a customer in the semiconductor industry. Under the agreement, we provided
the customer with CMP slurries of up to $3,000 over the three-year period in
exchange for the use of CMP equipment provided by the customer. The arrangement
is accounted for as a nonmonetary transaction in accordance with APB No. 29
"Accounting for Nonmonetary Transactions." The CMP equipment is accounted for as
an operating lease in accordance with SFAS No. 13, "Accounting for Leases." The
cost of leasing the CMP equipment is valued based upon the slurries that the
customer is entitled to receive over the three-year period. Total revenue and
lease expense recognized under this agreement were $684 and $833, respectively,
for the year ended September 30, 2001 and $637 and $1,000, respectively, for the
year ended September 30, 2000. Deferred revenue of $513 and $363 was recorded as
of September 30, 2001 and 2000, respectively. The agreement has been extended
through December 31, 2001.

13.  PENSION PLANS AND POSTRETIREMENT BENEFITS

     Cabot Microelectronics' employees participated in the following Cabot
Corporation sponsored pension and postretirement plans through April 30, 2000
and September 29, 2000, respectively.

     - Noncontributory defined benefit pension plan including the Cabot
       Corporation Cash Balance Plan ("CBP"), a defined benefit pension plan,
       and the Cabot Corporation Employee Stock Ownership Plan ("ESOP"); and

     - Cabot Corporation's postretirement plan, providing certain healthcare and
       life insurance benefits to retired employees.

     Those Cabot Corporation employees who accepted employment with Cabot
Microelectronics terminated employment with Cabot Corporation on September 29,
2000, but maintained their vested and unvested rights in the above mentioned
plans. Cabot Corporation allocated periodic benefit costs (income) to Cabot
Microelectronics as follows:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                              YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30,
                                                              ------------------------
                                                               2001     2000     1999
                                                              ------    -----    -----
<S>                                                           <C>       <C>      <C>
Pension (CBP)...............................................  $  --     $(86)     $61
Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP)........................     --       70       99
Postretirement benefit costs................................     --       75       99
</Table>

                                        47
<PAGE>
                       CABOT MICROELECTRONICS CORPORATION
                  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

     Because our employees were only eligible to participate in the Cabot
Corporation pension plans through April 30, 2000, we incurred a one-time charge
in September 2000 for the accelerated vesting charges associated with the
spin-off of $150 and $175 for the Cash Balance Plan and Employee Stock Ownership
Plan, respectively.

14.  SAVINGS PLAN AND OTHER INCENTIVE COMPENSATION PLANS

     Effective May 1, 2000, we adopted the Cabot Microelectronics Corporation
401(k) Plan (the "401k Plan") covering substantially all eligible employees
meeting certain minimum age and eligibility requirements, as defined by the
plan. Participants may make elective contributions up to 12% of their eligible
salary. All amounts contributed by participants and earnings on these
contributions are fully vested at all times. The 401(k) Plan provides for
matching and fixed nonelective contributions by the Company. Under the 401(k)
Plan, the Company will match 100% of the first four percent of the participant's
eligible compensation and 50% of the next two percent of the participant's
eligible compensation, subject to limitations required by government laws or
regulations. Under the 401(k) Plan, all employees, even non-participants, will
receive a contribution by the Company in an amount equal to 4% of compensation.
Participants and employees are 100% vested in all Company contributions. The
Company's expense for the defined contribution plan totaled $1,693 and $320 for
the periods ending September 30, 2001 and 2000, respectively.

     Effective May 1, 2000, we adopted the Cabot Microelectronics Corporation
Supplemental Employee Retirement Plan ("SERP") covering all eligible employees
as defined by the SERP. The purpose of the SERP is to provide for the deferral
of compensation to certain members of the Company's management team or highly
compensated employees as defined under the provision of the Employee Retirement
Income Security Act ("ERISA") of 1974. Under the SERP, the Company contributes
up to 4% of these individual's eligible compensation. All amounts contributed by
the Company and earnings on these contributions are fully vested at all times.

     In fiscal 2000, Cabot Microelectronics' employees participated in the Cabot
Corporation Retirement Incentive Savings Plan ("CRISP"), in which substantially
all of Cabot Corporations' domestic employees were eligible to participate, and
under which Cabot Corporation made matching contributions of at least 75% of a
participant's contribution up to 7.5% of the participant's eligible
compensation, subject to limitations required by government laws or regulations.
Contributions to the CRISP on behalf of employees of Cabot Microelectronics were
$527 and $385 during fiscal 2000 and 1999, respectively. Accelerated vesting
costs of $200 were also incurred due to the spin-off. On September 29, 2000, all
of our employees were terminated from Cabot Corporation and employees could
rollover their balance, take a distribution, or other action as defined by the
CRISP.

15.  EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN

     In March 2000, Cabot Microelectronics adopted an Employee Stock Purchase
Plan ("ESPP"). The ESPP allows all full or part-time employees of Cabot
Microelectronics to purchase shares of our common stock through payroll
deductions. Employees can elect to have up to 10% of their annual earnings
withheld to purchase our stock. The shares are purchased at a price equal to the
lower of 85% of the closing price at the beginning or end of each semi-annual
stock purchase period. In March 2000, 475,000 shares of common stock were
authorized to be purchased under the ESPP. A total of 75,790 shares were issued
under the ESPP during fiscal 2001 and no shares were issued during fiscal 2000.

16.  EQUITY INCENTIVE PLANS

     In March 2000, our Board of Directors and Cabot Corporation's Board of
Directors adopted the Company's 2000 Equity Incentive Plan (the "Plan") , which
was approved by Cabot Corporation as the sole stockholder of Cabot
Microelectronics. Our Board of Directors amended the Plan in September, 2000 and
in

                                        48
<PAGE>
                       CABOT MICROELECTRONICS CORPORATION
                  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

December, 2000, amended and restated the Plan, which was then approved by our
stockholders in March, 2001. The Board and stockholders approved 6,500,000
shares of common stock to be granted under the Plan, subject to adjustment for
stock splits and similar events. The Plan allows for the granting of three types
of equity incentive awards: Restricted Stock, Stock Options, and Substitute
Awards. According to the Plan, all employees, directors, consultants, and
advisors of the Company are eligible for awards under the Plan, which awards
will be awarded subject to applicable Award Agreements. The Plan is administered
by the Compensation Committee of the Cabot Microelectronics' Board of Directors.

  RESTRICTED STOCK

     Under the Plan, employees and non-employees are granted shares of
restricted stock at the discretion of the Compensation Committee. According to
the Plan, shares of restricted stock may not be sold, assigned, transferred,
pledged, or otherwise encumbered or disposed of, except that restricted stock
may be pledged as security for the purchase price of the restricted stock.
Generally, under our Award Agreement for restricted stock, restrictions lapse
over a two-year period with one-third becoming unrestricted immediately at the
date of grant and the remaining restrictions lapsing over a two-year period.
Holders of restricted stock have all the rights of a stockholder, including
voting and dividend rights, subject to the above restrictions. In no event shall
the Company issue more than 875,000 shares of restricted stock under the Plan.

     In October 2000, we granted 10,000 shares of restricted stock to an
employee at $39.19 per share and in May 2001, we granted 4,000 shares of
restricted stock to an employee at $67.07 per share. In fiscal 2000, we granted
2,500 shares of restricted stock to an employee at $49.25 per share. As stated
by the applicable Award Agreement, one-third of the stock was immediately
unrestricted with the remaining two-thirds becoming unrestricted over the next
two years. As a result, we recorded unearned compensation of $660 and $123 in
fiscal 2001 and 2000, respectively. Compensation expense associated with
restricted stock awards was $421 and $41 for the years ended September 30, 2001
and 2000, respectively. The number of shares subject to restrictions were 10,168
and 1,667 at September 30, 2001 and 2000, respectively.

  STOCK OPTIONS

     Under the Plan, employees and non-employees may be granted incentive stock
options ("ISO") to purchase common stock at not less than the fair value on the
date of grant and non-qualified stock options ("NQSO") as determined by the
Compensation Committee and set forth in an applicable Award Agreement. The Plan
provides that the term of the option may be as long as ten years from the
initial grant date, but options granted during fiscal 2000 provide for a five
year term, with the options vesting over a two-year period, with one-third
immediately vesting on the date of grant under the Plan. Options granted during
fiscal 2001 generally provided for a seven year term, with options vesting
equally over a four year period, with first vesting on the anniversary date of
the grant . No more than 1,750,000 ISO shares may be issued, and none have been
granted to date.

     In April 2000, we granted stock options to non-Cabot Microelectronics
employees. The term of these options is five years from the initial date of
grant, but the options were fully vested on the date of grant. We accounted for
these grants to non-Cabot Microelectronics employees under the guidance of
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123 ("SFAS 123"), "Accounting
for Stock Based Compensation" and, as a result, recorded a charge of $2,113
($1,373 after tax) at the time of the initial public offering.

     In fiscal 2001, we recorded compensation expense of $1,295 associated with
revised stock option agreements involving a former director and a former
employee. In fiscal 2000, a total of $3,755 of expenses were recorded relating
to options granted to non-Cabot Microelectronics employees at the time of the
initial public offering and for the accelerated vesting of long term incentives
and benefits at the time of the spin-off from Cabot Corporation.

                                        49
<PAGE>
                       CABOT MICROELECTRONICS CORPORATION
                  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

     The following tables relate to stock options outstanding as of September
30, 2001:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                          WEIGHTED
                                                                          AVERAGE
                                                                STOCK     EXERCISE
                                                               OPTIONS     PRICE
                                                              ---------   --------
<S>                                                           <C>         <C>
Outstanding at September 30, 1999...........................         --    $   --
  Granted...................................................  1,264,310     20.44
  Exercised.................................................         --        --
  Canceled..................................................     (7,880)    20.00
                                                              ---------    ------
Outstanding at September 30, 2000...........................  1,256,430    $20.44
  Granted...................................................  1,218,176     64.29
  Exercised.................................................   (397,963)    21.98
  Canceled..................................................    (49,655)    41.76
                                                              ---------    ------
Outstanding at September 30, 2001...........................  2,026,988    $45.97
                                                              =========    ======
</Table>

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                  OPTIONS OUTSTANDING             OPTIONS EXERCISABLE
                                         --------------------------------------   --------------------
                                                        WEIGHTED       WEIGHTED               WEIGHTED
                                                         AVERAGE       AVERAGE                AVERAGE
RANGE OF                                 NUMBER OF     CONTRACTUAL     EXERCISE   NUMBER OF   EXERCISE
EXERCISE PRICE                            SHARES     LIFE (IN YEARS)    PRICE      SHARES      PRICE
--------------                           ---------   ---------------   --------   ---------   --------
<S>                                      <C>         <C>               <C>        <C>         <C>
$20.00.................................    849,428         3.5          $20.00     550,324     $20.00
$39.18-$53.50..........................    124,310         4.6           44.31      45,642      43.02
$62.00-$69.69..........................  1,053,250         6.5           67.11      17,166      67.79
                                         ---------                      ------     -------     ------
                                         2,026,988                      $45.97     613,132     $23.05
                                         =========                      ======     =======     ======
</Table>

     We adopted the disclosure requirements of SFAS 123 upon establishing the
Plan. As permitted by SFAS 123, we continue to apply the accounting provisions
of Accounting Principles Board ("APB") Opinion Number 25, "Accounting for Stock
Issued to Employees" with regard to the measurement of compensation cost for
options granted and shares issued under our ESPP. Had expense been recognized
using the fair value method described in SFAS 123, we would have reported the
following results of operations using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                              YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30,
                                                              ------------------------
                                                                2001           2000
                                                              ---------      ---------
<S>                                                           <C>            <C>
Pro forma net income........................................   $32,580        $27,634
Pro forma basic net income per share........................   $  1.37        $  1.30
Pro forma diluted net income per share......................   $  1.34        $  1.26
</Table>

     These costs may not be representative of the total effects on pro forma
reported income for future years. Factors that may also impact disclosures in
future years include the attribution of the awards to the service period, the
vesting period of stock options, timing of additional grants of stock option
awards and number of shares granted for future awards. The fair value of our
stock based awards to employees under SFAS 123 was estimated assuming no
expected dividends and the following weighted-average assumptions:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                OPTIONS        ESPP
                                                              -----------   -----------
                                                              2001   2000   2001   2000
                                                              ----   ----   ----   ----
<S>                                                           <C>    <C>    <C>    <C>
Expected term (in years)....................................    5      5     .5    .75
Expected volatility.........................................   97%    35%    97%    35%
Risk-free rate of return....................................  4.0%   6.0%   2.4%   6.0%
</Table>

                                        50
<PAGE>
                       CABOT MICROELECTRONICS CORPORATION
                  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

17.  STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

  COMMON STOCK

     Each share of common stock entitles the holder to one vote on all matters
submitted to a vote of Cabot Microelectronics' stockholders. Common stockholders
are entitled to receive ratably the dividends, if any, as may be declared by the
Board of Directors. Upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of Cabot
Microelectronics, the common stockholders will be entitled to share, pro
ratably, in the distribution of assets available after satisfaction of all
liabilities and liquidation preferences of preferred stockholders, if any. On
March 24, 2000, the Board of Directors amended our articles of incorporation to
increase the number of authorized shares of its common stock to 200,000,000
shares. There have been no changes to the number of authorized shares during
fiscal 2001.

  STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS PLAN

     In March 2000, the Board of Directors of Cabot Microelectronics declared a
dividend distribution of one preferred share purchase right for each outstanding
share of common stock to stockholders of record on April 7, 2000 and with
respect to common shares issued thereafter on the date the rights become
exercisable. Under certain circumstances, a right entitles the registered holder
to purchase from us one one-thousandth of a share of Series A Junior
Participating Preferred Stock at a price of $130.00 per one one-thousandth of a
share of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, subject to adjustment.

     The rights become exercisable based upon the earlier of: (i) the date of
the first public announcement that a person or group, with certain exclusions,
has acquired 15 percent or more of our outstanding shares of common stock, or
(ii) ten days following the commencement of, or announcement of an intention to
make, a tender offer or exchange offer the consummation of which would result in
beneficial ownership by a person or group of 15 percent or more of our
outstanding shares of common stock. The rights expire on April 7, 2010.

  STOCK SPLITS

     In March 2000, the Board of Directors approved an 18,989,744 to 1 stock
split pursuant to which all 18,898,744 shares were issued to Cabot Corporation
as of the date of the initial public offering. There have been no stock splits
during fiscal 2001.

  DIVIDENDS

     Cabot Microelectronics paid Cabot Corporation aggregate dividends of
$81,300 in fiscal 2000, of which $17,000 was paid from borrowings under a term
credit facility prior to our initial public offering (Note 9) and $64,300 was
paid with proceeds from our initial public offering. No dividends were declared
or paid during fiscal 2001.

18.  INCOME TAXES

     Income before income taxes was as follows:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                           YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30,
                                                          ---------------------------
                                                           2001      2000      1999
                                                          -------   -------   -------
<S>                                                       <C>       <C>       <C>
Domestic................................................  $53,606   $43,721   $18,655
Foreign.................................................    9,882     3,227       421
                                                          -------   -------   -------
  Total.................................................  $63,488   $46,948   $19,076
                                                          =======   =======   =======
</Table>

                                        51
<PAGE>
                       CABOT MICROELECTRONICS CORPORATION
                  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

     Taxes on income consisted of the following:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                            YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30,
                                                           --------------------------
                                                            2001      2000      1999
                                                           -------   -------   ------
<S>                                                        <C>       <C>       <C>
U.S. federal and state:
  Current................................................  $17,579   $17,417   $6,522
  Deferred...............................................      410    (2,145)    (234)
                                                           -------   -------   ------
     Total...............................................  $17,989   $15,272   $6,288
                                                           =======   =======   ======
Foreign:
  Current................................................  $ 3,817   $ 1,146   $  489
  Deferred...............................................     (220)       28       19
                                                           -------   -------   ------
     Total...............................................    3,597     1,174      508
                                                           -------   -------   ------
       Total U.S. and foreign............................  $21,586   $16,446   $6,796
                                                           =======   =======   ======
</Table>

     The provision for income taxes at our effective tax rate differed from the
provision for income taxes at the statutory rate as follows:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                  YEAR ENDED
                                                                SEPTEMBER 30,
                                                              ------------------
                                                              2001   2000   1999
                                                              ----   ----   ----
<S>                                                           <C>    <C>    <C>
Computed tax expense at the federal statutory rate..........  35.0%  35.0%  35.0%
U.S. benefits from research and development activities......  (1.5)  (1.3)  (1.8)
State taxes, net of federal effect..........................   1.5    1.9    2.7
Impact of foreign taxation at different rates, repatriation
  and other.................................................    --     --    0.8
Foreign sales corporation benefits..........................  (1.3)  (1.7)  (1.3)
Other, net..................................................   0.3    1.1    0.2
                                                              ----   ----   ----
  Provision for income taxes................................  34.0%  35.0%  35.6%
                                                              ====   ====   ====
</Table>

                                        52
<PAGE>
                       CABOT MICROELECTRONICS CORPORATION
                  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

     Significant components of deferred income taxes were as follows:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                               SEPTEMBER 30,
                                                              ---------------
                                                               2001     2000
                                                              ------   ------
<S>                                                           <C>      <C>
Deferred tax assets:
     Depreciation and amortization..........................  $1,271   $  453
     Employee benefits......................................     858    2,175
     Inventory..............................................     595      177
     Product warranty.......................................     436      188
     Bad debt reserve.......................................     355       --
     State and local taxes..................................     212      217
     Deferred tax credits...................................   1,435      953
     Translation adjustment.................................     764       --
     Other, net.............................................     162       60
                                                              ------   ------
       Total deferred tax assets............................  $6,088   $4,223
                                                              ======   ======
  Deferred tax liabilities:
     Depreciation and amortization..........................  $2,715   $1,251
     State and local taxes..................................     146       --
     Translation adjustment.................................      --      140
                                                              ------   ------
          Total deferred tax liabilities....................  $2,861   $1,391
                                                              ======   ======
</Table>

19.  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

  LEASE COMMITMENTS

     We lease certain vehicles, warehouse facilities, office space, machinery
and equipment under cancelable and noncancelable leases, most of which expire
within ten years and may be renewed by us. Rent expense under such arrangements
during fiscal 2001, 2000 and 1999 totaled $1,400, $1,288 and $1,439,
respectively.

     Future minimum rental commitments under noncancelable leases as of
September 30, 2001 are as follows:

<Table>
<S>                                                            <C>
2002........................................................   $  383
2003........................................................      218
2004........................................................      130
2005........................................................       77
2006........................................................       54
2007 and thereafter.........................................      186
                                                               ------
                                                               $1,048
                                                               ======
</Table>

  OTHER LONG-TERM COMMITMENTS

     We have a long term supply agreement with one of our largest customers to
provide this customer with specified quantities of certain polishing slurries at
agreed-upon prices. The agreement expires, unless renewed by the parties, on
January 1, 2002. We have another long term supply agreement to provide this
customer with specified quantities of certain polishing slurries at agreed-upon
prices. This agreement expires, unless renewed by the parties, in March, 2004.

                                        53
<PAGE>
                       CABOT MICROELECTRONICS CORPORATION
                  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

     We have an agreement with Davies pursuant to which Davies will perform
certain agreed-upon dispersion services. We have agreed to purchase minimum
amounts of services per year and to invest $150 per year in capital improvements
or other expenditures to maintain capacity at the Davies dispersion facility.
The initial term of the agreement expires in October 2004, with automatic
one-year renewals, and contains a 90-day cancellation clause executable by
either party.

     We have a long-term agreement with a supplier to purchase materials for a
product line under development. As of September 30, 2001, we are obligated to
purchase, subject to the supplier's ability to deliver, $3,900 of materials over
the remaining term of the agreement and to reimburse the supplier for all
approved R&D costs related to the materials. The supplier will repay such R&D
reimbursements when our material purchases from them reach certain agreed-upon
levels. The agreement expires in June 2005.

  CONTINGENCIES

     In June 1998, one of our major competitors, Rodel Inc., filed a lawsuit
against Cabot Corporation in the United States District Court for the District
of Delaware entitled Rodel, Inc. v. Cabot Corporation (Civil Action No. 98-352).
In this lawsuit, Rodel has requested a jury trial and is seeking a permanent
injunction and an award of compensatory, punitive, and other damages relating to
allegations that Cabot Corporation is infringing United States Patent No.
4,959,113 (entitled "Method and Composition for Polishing Metal Surfaces"),
which is owned by an affiliate of Rodel. We refer to this patent as the Roberts
patent and this lawsuit as the Roberts lawsuit. Cabot Corporation filed an
answer and counterclaim seeking dismissal of the Roberts lawsuit with prejudice,
a judgment that Cabot Corporation is not infringing the Roberts patent and/or
that the Roberts patent is invalid, and other relief. Cabot Corporation
subsequently filed a motion for summary judgment that the Roberts patent is
invalid because all of the claims contained in the patent were not sufficiently
different under applicable patent law from subject matter contained in
previously granted patents, specifically United States Patents Nos. 4,705,566,
4,956,015 and 4,929,257, each of which is owned by a third party not affiliated
with Rodel or us. This motion was denied on September 30, 1999 based on the
court's finding that there were genuine issues of material fact to be determined
at trial. After the ruling on the summary judgment motion, Rodel filed a request
for reexamination of the Roberts patent with the United States Patent and
Trademark Office (PTO), which was granted on November 12, 1999. On March 28,
2000, the court issued an order staying the Roberts action, which presently is
in the discovery stage, pending completion of the reexamination of the Roberts
patent by the PTO. In light of the reexamination, on September 29, 2000, the
court denied the parties' respective motions to amend and dismiss, with leave to
refile subsequent to completion of the reexamination. The reexamination
certificate was issued by the PTO on March 13, 2001; as of November 30, 2001,
the case remains stayed. On May 11, 2001, Cabot Corporation filed a motion for
summary judgment dismissing the case on the grounds that no case or controversy
remains given the reexamined patent.

     In April 1999, Rodel commenced a second lawsuit against Cabot Corporation
in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware entitled Rodel,
Inc. v. Cabot Corporation (Civil Action No. 99-256). In this lawsuit, Rodel has
requested a jury trial and is seeking a permanent injunction and an award of
compensatory, punitive, and other damages relating to allegations that Cabot
Corporation is infringing two other patents owned by an affiliate of Rodel.
These two patents are United States Patent No. 5,391,258 (entitled "Compositions
and Methods for Polishing") and United States Patent No. 5,476,606 (entitled
"Compositions and Methods for Polishing"). We refer to these patents as the
Brancaleoni patents and this lawsuit as the Brancaleoni lawsuit. Cabot
Corporation filed an answer and counterclaim to the complaint seeking dismissal
of the complaint with prejudice, a judgment that Cabot Corporation is not
infringing the Brancaleoni patents and/or that the Brancaleoni patents are
invalid, and other relief. On September 29, 2000, the court denied Cabot
Corporation's motion to dismiss, and granted Rodel's leave to amend the
Brancaleoni lawsuit to add Rodel's affiliate that owns the Brancaleoni patents,
Rodel Holdings, Inc. ("Rodel Holdings"), as a plaintiff. On October 24, 2000,
Rodel and Rodel Holdings filed an amended
                                        54
<PAGE>
                       CABOT MICROELECTRONICS CORPORATION
                  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

complaint that added Rodel Holdings as a plaintiff to the Brancaleoni lawsuit.
On November 6, 2000, Cabot Corporation filed its answer and counterclaim seeking
a judgement that Cabot Corporation is not infringing the Brancaleoni patents
and/or that the Brancaleoni patents are invalid, and other relief. On January
18, 2001, the court amended its scheduling order and set June 15, 2001 for
completion of discovery, October 25, 2001 for a final pretrial conference, and
February, 2002 for the commencement of trial. On June 15, 2001, discovery closed
as scheduled and on October 23, 2001, the court denied Rodel's motion to extend
and expand discovery. On November 2, 2001, the court denied Rodel's motion to
add Cabot Microelectronics as a party to the case. On September 28, 2001, Cabot
Corporation filed three motions for summary judgement that the Brancaleoni
patents are, respectively, invalid, unenforceable due to Rodel's inequitable
conduct (denied as moot without ruling on the merits on October 26, 2001) and
that no infringement exists. On the same day, Rodel filed a partial summary
judgement motion on infringement. Given these motions and other matters before
the court, the court has postponed the pre-trial conference without having set a
new date as of November 30, 2001.

     In the Roberts lawsuit, the only product that Rodel to date has alleged
infringes the Roberts patent is our W2000 slurry, which is used to polish
tungsten and which currently accounts for a significant portion of our total
revenue. In the Brancaleoni lawsuit, Rodel and Rodel Holdings have not alleged
that any specific product infringes the Brancaleoni patents; instead, Rodel and
Rodel Holdings allege that our United States Patent No. 5,858,813 (entitled
"Chemical Mechanical Polishing Slurry for Metal Layers and Films" and which
relates to a CMP polishing slurry for metal surfaces including, among other
things, aluminum and copper) is evidence that Cabot Corporation is infringing
the Brancaleoni patents through the manufacture and sales of unspecified
products. At this stage, while the court has limited the scope of the
Brancaleoni lawsuit, we cannot predict whether or to what extent Rodel and/or
Rodel Holdings will make specific infringement claims with respect to any of our
products other than W2000 in these or any future proceedings. It is possible
that Rodel and/or Rodel Holdings will claim that many of our products infringe
its patents.

     Although Cabot Corporation is the only named defendant in these lawsuits at
present, the defense of which we have assumed and now are controlling, we have
agreed to indemnify Cabot Corporation for any and all losses and expenses
arising out of this litigation as well as any other litigation arising out of
our business. Also, while the court has ruled that we cannot be added as a party
to the Brancaleoni lawsuit, we at some point could be added as a named defendant
in these or other lawsuits. While we believe there are meritorious defenses to
the pending actions and intend to continue to defend them vigorously, these
defenses may not be successful. If Rodel (and/or Rodel Holdings) prevails in
either of these cases, we may have to pay damages and, in the future, may be
prohibited from producing any products found to infringe or required to pay
Rodel (and/or Rodel Holdings) royalty and licensing fees with respect to sales
of those products. We do not believe a loss is probable, nor can we estimate the
amount of loss, if any, that might result from this matter. Accordingly, no loss
provision has been made in our financial statements for any of these matters.

                                        55
<PAGE>
                       CABOT MICROELECTRONICS CORPORATION
                  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

20.  EARNINGS PER SHARE

     Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 128 "Earnings per Shares",
requires companies to provide a reconciliation of the numerator and denominator
of the basic and diluted earnings per share computations. Basic and diluted
earnings per share were calculated as follows:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                  YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30,
                                                        ---------------------------------------------
                                                            2001            2000            1999
                                                        -------------   -------------   -------------
                                                        (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT FOR SHARE AND PER SHARE
                                                                          AMOUNTS)
<S>                                                     <C>             <C>             <C>
Numerator:
  Income available to common shares (numerator).......   $    41,902     $    30,502     $    12,280
                                                         ===========     ===========     ===========
Denominator:
  Weighted average common shares
     (Denominator for basic calculation)..............    23,823,790      21,214,414      18,989,744
  Weighted average effect of dilutive securities:
     Stock based compensation.........................       502,812         673,342              --
                                                         -----------     -----------     -----------
  Denominator for diluted calculation.................    24,326,602      21,887,756      18,989,744
                                                         ===========     ===========     ===========
Earnings per share:
  Basic...............................................   $      1.76     $      1.44     $      0.65
                                                         ===========     ===========     ===========
  Diluted.............................................   $      1.72     $      1.39     $      0.65
                                                         ===========     ===========     ===========
</Table>

21.  FINANCIAL INFORMATION BY INDUSTRY SEGMENT AND GEOGRAPHIC AREA

     We have adopted SFAS No. 131, "Disclosure about Segments of an Enterprise
and Related Information" ("SFAS 131"), which was effective for the fiscal year
ended September 30, 1999. We operate predominantly in one industry
segment -- the development, manufacture, and sale of CMP slurries.

     Revenues are attributed to the United States and foreign regions based upon
the customer location and not the geographic location from which our products
were shipped. Financial information by geographic area was as follows:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                      SEPTEMBER 30,
                                                              ------------------------------
                                                                2001       2000       1999
                                                              --------   --------   --------
<S>                                                           <C>        <C>        <C>
Revenue:
  United States.............................................  $ 87,049   $ 81,070   $ 52,950
  Europe....................................................    30,583     18,244     13,034
  Asia......................................................   109,560     81,842     32,706
                                                              --------   --------   --------
     Total..................................................  $227,192   $181,156   $ 98,690
                                                              ========   ========   ========
Property, plant and equipment, net:
  United States.............................................  $ 64,171   $ 50,421   $ 25,324
  Europe....................................................     1,943      2,147      3,139
  Asia......................................................    31,312     19,305     11,568
                                                              --------   --------   --------
     Total..................................................  $ 97,426   $ 71,873   $ 40,031
                                                              ========   ========   ========
</Table>

                                        56
<PAGE>

SELECTED QUARTERLY OPERATING RESULTS

     The following table presents our unaudited financial information for the
eight quarters ended September 30, 2001. This unaudited financial information
has been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America, applied on a basis consistent with the annual
audited financial statements and in the opinion of management, include all
necessary adjustments, which consist only of normal recurring adjustments
necessary to present fairly the financial results for the periods. The results
for any quarter are not necessarily indicative of results for any future period.

                       CABOT MICROELECTRONICS CORPORATION

                      SELECTED QUARTERLY OPERATING RESULTS

<Table>
<Caption>
                                SEPT. 30,   JUNE 30,   MARCH 31,   DEC. 31,   SEPT. 30,   JUNE 30,   MARCH 31,   DEC. 31,
                                  2001        2001       2001        2000       2000        2000       2000        1999
                                ---------   --------   ---------   --------   ---------   --------   ---------   --------
                                                 (UNAUDITED AND IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)
<S>                             <C>         <C>        <C>         <C>        <C>         <C>        <C>         <C>
Revenue.......................   $51,411    $51,470     $55,695    $68,616    $ 56,186    $ 50,589    $39,335    $35,046
Cost of goods sold............    25,305     24,628      25,923     32,563      27,182      22,983     19,815     16,310
                                 -------    -------     -------    -------    --------    --------    -------    -------
Gross profit..................    26,106     26,842      29,772     36,053      29,004      27,606     19,520     18,736
Operating expenses:
  Research and development....     6,297      6,165       6,805      6,538       5,244       5,213      4,729      4,576
  Selling and marketing.......     2,292      1,947       2,249      2,269       2,433       2,128      1,675      1,357
  General and
    administrative............     4,106      5,316       6,485      5,147       6,756       6,316      3,326      3,575
  Amortization of goodwill and
    other intangible assets...       179        180         180        179         180         179        180        180
                                 -------    -------     -------    -------    --------    --------    -------    -------
    Total operating
      expenses................    12,874     13,608      15,719     14,133      14,613      13,836      9,910      9,688
Operating income..............    13,232     13,234      14,053     21,920      14,391      13,770      9,610      9,048
Other income, net.............       208        166         238        437           3          20        107         --
                                 -------    -------     -------    -------    --------    --------    -------    -------
Income before taxes...........    13,440     13,400      14,291     22,357      14,394      13,790      9,717      9,048
Provision for income taxes....     4,217      4,544       4,907      7,918       4,646       5,000      3,500      3,300
                                 -------    -------     -------    -------    --------    --------    -------    -------
Net income....................   $ 9,223    $ 8,856     $ 9,384    $14,439    $  9,748    $  8,790    $ 6,217    $ 5,748
                                 =======    =======     =======    =======    ========    ========    =======    =======
Basic net income per share....   $  0.38    $  0.37     $  0.39    $  0.61    $   0.41    $   0.38    $  0.33    $  0.30
                                 =======    =======     =======    =======    ========    ========    =======    =======
Weighted average basic shares
  outstanding.................    24,043     23,975      23,800     23,608      23,590      23,383     18,990     18,990
                                 =======    =======     =======    =======    ========    ========    =======    =======
Diluted net income per
  share.......................   $  0.38    $  0.36     $  0.39    $  0.59    $   0.40    $   0.37    $  0.33    $  0.30
                                 =======    =======     =======    =======    ========    ========    =======    =======
Weighted average diluted
  shares outstanding..........    24,510     24,450      24,328     24,290      24,353      23,921     18,990     18,990
                                 =======    =======     =======    =======    ========    ========    =======    =======
</Table>

                                        57
<PAGE>

                SCHEDULE II -- VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS

     The following table sets forth activities in our allowance for doubtful
accounts:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                            BALANCE AT                             BALANCE AT
ALLOWANCE FOR                               BEGINNING    CHARGES TO                  END OF
DOUBTFUL ACCOUNTS                            OF YEAR      EXPENSES    DEDUCTIONS      YEAR
-----------------                           ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
<S>                                         <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
Year ended:
  September 30, 2001......................     $233         $812         $(31)       $1,014
  September 30, 2000......................       50          226          (43)          233
  September 30, 1999......................       50           --           --            50
</Table>

     We have historically not recorded warranty claims against warranty
reserves, but rather provided for them in the period in which they occurred. As
such, charges to expenses represent the net charge required to maintain an
appropriate reserve.

<Table>
<Caption>
                                            BALANCE AT                             BALANCE AT
                                            BEGINNING    CHARGES TO                  END OF
WARRANTY RESERVES                            OF YEAR      EXPENSES    DEDUCTIONS      YEAR
-----------------                           ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
<S>                                         <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
Year ended:
  September 30, 2001......................     $773         $482        $  --        $1,255
  September 30, 2000......................      891          222         (340)          773
  September 30, 1999......................      348          543           --           891
</Table>

MANAGEMENT RESPONSIBILITY

     The accompanying financial statements were prepared by Cabot
Microelectronics in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America. Cabot Microelectronics' management is responsible
for the integrity of these statements and of the data, estimates and judgments
that underlie them.

     Cabot Microelectronics maintains a system of internal accounting controls
designed to provide reasonable assurance that its assets are safeguarded from
loss or unauthorized use, that transactions are properly authorized and
recorded, and that financial records are reliable and adequate for public
reporting. The standard of reasonable assurance is based on management's
judgment that the cost of such controls should not exceed their associated
benefits. The system is monitored and evaluated on an ongoing basis by
management in conjunction with its internal audit function, independent
accountants, and the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors.

     The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors provides general oversight
responsibility for the financial statements. Composed entirely of Directors who
are independent and not employees of Cabot Microelectronics, the Committee meets
periodically with Cabot Microelectronics management, internal auditors and the
independent accountants to review the quality of the financial reporting and
internal controls, as well as the

                                        58
<PAGE>

results of the auditing efforts. The internal auditors and independent
accountants have full and direct access to the Audit Committee, with and without
management present.

                                                  /s/ MATTHEW NEVILLE
                                          --------------------------------------
                                                     Matthew Neville
                                                 Chief Executive Officer

                                                  /s/ MARTIN M. ELLEN
                                          --------------------------------------
                                                     Martin M. Ellen
                                                 Chief Financial Officer

                                                  /s/ DANIEL S. WOBBY
                                          --------------------------------------
                                                     Daniel S. Wobby
                                               Principal Accounting Officer

ITEM 9.  CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

     Not applicable.

                                    PART III

ITEM 10.  DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

     The information required by Item 10 of Form 10-K with respect to
identification of directors is incorporated by reference from the information
contained in the section captioned "Election of Directors" in Cabot
Microelectronics' definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of
Stockholders to be held March 12, 2002 (the "Proxy Statement"). For information
with respect to the executive officers of Cabot Microelectronics, see "Executive
Officers" at the end of Part I of this Form 10-K.

ITEM 11.  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

     The information required by Item 11 of Form 10-K is incorporated by
reference from the information contained in the section captioned "Executive
Compensation" in the Proxy Statement.

ITEM 12.  SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

     The information required by Item 12 of Form 10-K is incorporated by
reference from the information contained in the section captioned "Stock
Ownership" in the Proxy Statement.

ITEM 13.  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

     The information required by Item 13 of Form 10-K is incorporated by
reference from the information contained in the section captioned "Certain
Relationships and Related Transactions" in the Proxy Statement.

                                        59
<PAGE>

ITEM 14. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

     (a) The following Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedule are
included in Item 8 herein:

          1. Financial Statements:

          Report of Independent Accountants
           Statements of Income for the years ended September 30, 2001, 2000 and
          1999
           Balance Sheets at September 30, 2001 and 2000
           Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended September 30, 2001, 2000
          and 1999
           Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity for the years ended
          September 30, 2001, 2000 and 1999
          Notes to the Financial Statements

          2. Financial Statement Schedule: Schedule II -- Valuation and
     Qualifying Accounts

          3. Exhibits -- The following exhibits are filed as part of, or
     incorporated by reference into, this Report on Form 10-K:

<Table>
<Caption>
EXHIBIT
 NUMBER                            DESCRIPTION
-------                            -----------
<C>        <S>
 3.1(1)    Certificate of Incorporation of Cabot Microelectronics
           Corporation.
 3.2(1)    Amended and Restated By-Laws of Cabot Microelectronics
           Corporation.
 3.3(1)    Form of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of
           Cabot Microelectronics Corporation.
 3.4(1)    Form of Certificate of Designation, Preferences and Rights
           of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock.
 4.1(1)    Form of Cabot Microelectronics Corporation Common Stock
           Certificate.
 4.2(1)    Rights Agreement.
 4.3(2)    Amendment to Rights Agreement.
10.1(1)    Master Separation Agreement, between Cabot Microelectronics
           Corporation and Cabot Corporation.
10.2(1)    IPO and Distribution Agreement, between Cabot
           Microelectronics Corporation and Cabot Corporation.
10.3(1)    Tax Sharing Agreement, between Cabot Microelectronics
           Corporation and Cabot Corporation.
10.4(1)    Management Services Agreement, between Cabot
           Microelectronics Corporation and Cabot Corporation.
10.5(1)    Fumed Metal Oxide Supply Agreement, between Cabot
           Microelectronics Corporation and Cabot Corporation.+
10.6(1)    Confidential Disclosure and License Agreement, between Cabot
           Microelectronics Corporation and Cabot Corporation.
10.7(1)    Trademark License Agreement, between Cabot Microelectronics
           Corporation and Cabot Corporation.
10.8(1)    Dispersion Services Agreement, between Cabot
           Microelectronics Corporation and Cabot Corporation.+
10.9(1)    Employee Matters Agreement, between Cabot Microelectronics
           Corporation and Cabot Corporation.
10.10(1)   Registration Rights Agreement, between Cabot
           Microelectronics Corporation and Cabot Corporation.
10.11(1)   Purchase Agreement between Cabot Corporation and Intel
           Corporation.+
10.12(1)   Services Agreement by and among Davies -- Imperial Coatings,
           Inc., Cabot Corporation, Donn Davies and JoAnn Davies.+
10.13(1)   Sublease for Barry, Wales facility.
</Table>

                                        60
<PAGE>

<Table>
<Caption>
EXHIBIT
 NUMBER                            DESCRIPTION
-------                            -----------
<C>        <S>
10.14(5)   Amended and Restated 2000 Equity Incentive Plan, dated March
           13, 2001.*
10.15(1)   2000 Employee Stock Purchase Plan.*
10.16(1)   Revolving Credit Agreement, among Cabot Microelectronics
           Corporation, Fleet National Bank and Fleet National Bank.
10.17(1)   Credit Agreement, between Cabot Microelectronics Corporation
           and LaSalle Bank National Association.
10.18(3)   Tax Reporting and Cooperation Agreement.
10.19(3)   Services Agreement with Cabot.
10.20(3)   Extension of Management Services Agreement.
10.21(3)   Guarantee of Employee Loans.
10.22(3)   Cabot Microelectronics Corporation 401(k) Plan.*
10.23(3)   Form of Change in Control Severance Protection Agreement.**
10.24(3)   General Release, Waiver and Covenant Not To Sue.*
10.25(4)   General Release, Waiver and Covenant Not To Sue.*
10.26(6)   Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, between Cabot
           Microelectronics Corporation and LaSalle Bank National
           Association, dated July 10, 2001.
10.27(4)   First Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement,
           between Cabot Microelectronics Corporation and LaSalle Bank
           National Association, dated August 24, 2000.
10.28(5)   Directors Deferred Compensation Plan.*
10.29(6)   Credit Agreement dated as of July 10, 2001 among Cabot
           Microelectronics Corporation, Various Financial Institutions
           and LaSalle Bank National Association, as Administrative
           Agent, and National City Bank of Michigan/Illinois, as
           Syndication Agent.
23.1       Consent of Independent Accountants.
24.1       Power of Attorney.
</Table>

---------------

(1) Filed as an exhibit to, and incorporated by reference from the Registrant's
    Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-95093) filed with the Commission
    on April 4, 2000, as amended.

(2) Filed as Exhibit 4.1 to, and incorporated by reference from the Registrant's
    Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 6, 2000.

(3) Filed as an exhibit to, and incorporated by reference from the Registrant's
    Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on December 28, 2000.

(4) Filed as an exhibit to, and incorporated by reference from the Registrant's
    Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on February 14,
    2001.

(5) Filed as an exhibit to, and incorporated by reference from the Registrant's
    Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on May 14, 2001.

(6) Filed as an exhibit to, and incorporated by reference from the Registrant's
    Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on August 10, 2001.

 *  Management contract, or compensatory plan or arrangement.

**  Substantially similar change in control severance protection agreements have
    been entered into with Matthew Neville, Martin M. Ellen, H. Carol Bernstein,
    J. Michael Jenkins, Jeremy K. Jones, Hiroyuki Nishiya, Kathleen A. Perry,
    Daniel J. Pike, Stephen R. Smith, Daniel S. Wobby and Bruce M. Zwicker, with
    differences only in the amount of payments and benefits to be received by
    such persons.

+   This Exhibit has been filed separately with the Commission pursuant to an
    application for confidential treatment. The confidential portions of this
    Exhibit have been omitted and are marked by an asterisk.

     (b)  Reports on Form 8-K

     No report on Form 8-K was filed by the Company during the three months
ended September 30, 2001.

                                        61
<PAGE>

                                   SIGNATURES

     Pursuant to the requirements of section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized:

<Table>
<S>                                            <C>
                                               CABOT MICROELECTRONICS CORPORATION

Date: December 14, 2001                        /s/ MATTHEW NEVILLE
                                               --------------------------------------------------------
                                               Matthew Neville
                                               Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive
                                               Officer [Principal Executive Officer]

Date: December 14, 2001                        /s/ MARTIN M. ELLEN
                                               --------------------------------------------------------
                                               Martin M. Ellen
                                               Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
                                               [Principal Financial Officer]

Date: December 14, 2001                        /s/ DANIEL S. WOBBY
                                               --------------------------------------------------------
                                               Daniel S. Wobby
                                               Corporate Controller [Principal Accounting Officer]
</Table>

     Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this
report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated:

<Table>
<S>                                            <C>
Date: December 14, 2001                        /s/ MATTHEW NEVILLE
                                               --------------------------------------------------------
                                               Matthew Neville
                                               Chairman of the Board [Director]

Date: December 14, 2001                        /s/ KENNETT F. BURNES*
                                               --------------------------------------------------------
                                               Kennett F. Burnes [Director]

Date: December 14, 2001                        /s/ JUAN ENRIQUEZ-CABOT*
                                               --------------------------------------------------------
                                               Juan Enriquez-Cabot [Director]

Date: December 14, 2001                        /s/ JOHN P. FRAZEE, JR.*
                                               --------------------------------------------------------
                                               John P. Frazee, Jr. [Director]

Date: December 14, 2001                        /s/ WILLIAM P. NOGLOWS*
                                               --------------------------------------------------------
                                               William P. Noglows [Director]

</Table>

                                        62
<PAGE>
<Table>
<S>                                            <C>
Date: December 14, 2001                        /s/ RONALD L. SKATES*
                                               --------------------------------------------------------
                                               Ronald L. Skates [Director]

Date: December 14, 2001                        /s/ STEVEN V. WILKINSON*
                                               --------------------------------------------------------
                                               Steven V. Wilkinson [Director]
</Table>

---------------

* by H. Carol Bernstein as Attorney-in-fact pursuant to the requirements of
  section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

                                        63

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
