<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>aaon_10k05.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 10-K
<TEXT>
                                  UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549


                                    FORM 10-K


|X| ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
    ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2005

                                       or

|_| TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
    EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from ______________________ to ______________________


                         Commission file number: 0-18953


                                   AAON, INC.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)


                 Nevada                                          87-0448736
                 ------                                          ----------
      (State or other jurisdiction                              (IRS Employer
    of incorporation or organization)                        Identification No.)

    2425 South Yukon, Tulsa, Oklahoma                               74107
    ---------------------------------                               -----
(Address of principal executive offices)                          (Zip Code)

       Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (918) 583-2266


           Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

                          Common Stock, par value $.004
                          -----------------------------
                                (Title of Class)
                   Rights to Purchase Series A Preferred Stock
                   -------------------------------------------
                                (Title of Class)


     Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer,
as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.                     |_| Yes |X| No

     Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act.                       |_| Yes |X| No

<PAGE>

     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.                         |X| Yes |_| No

     Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item
405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K.                                                                |_|

     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an accelerated filer (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).                                |X| Yes |_| No

     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as
defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Act.                                 |_| Yes |X| No

     The aggregate market value of the common equity held by non-affiliates
computed by reference to the closing price of registrant's common stock on the
last business day of registrant's most recently completed second quarter (June
30, 2005) was $168,234,000.

     As of February 28, 2006, registrant had outstanding a total of 12,273,037
shares of its $.004 par value Common Stock.

                       DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

     Portions of registrant's definitive Proxy Statement to be filed in
connection with the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held May 31, 2006, are
incorporated into Part III.

<PAGE>

                                TABLE OF CONTENTS

                                                                          Page
Item Number and Caption                                                  Number

PART I

    1.  Business.                                                           1

    1A. Risk Factors.                                                       4

    1B. Unresolved Staff Comments.                                          6

    2.  Properties.                                                         6

    3.  Legal Proceedings.                                                  6

    4.  Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.                6

PART II

    5.  Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder
           Matters and Issuer Purchases and Equity Securities.              7

    6.  Selected Financial Data.                                            8

    7.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
           and Results of Operations.                                       9

    7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.        14

    8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.                       15

    9.  Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
           and Financial Disclosure.                                       15

    9A. Controls and Procedures.                                           15

    9B. Other Information.                                                 17

PART III

    10. Directors and Executive Officers of Registrant.                    18

    11. Executive Compensation.                                            18

    12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
           and Related Stockholder Matters                                 18

    13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions.                    19

    14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services.                            19

PART IV

    15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules.                           20

<PAGE>

                                     PART I

Item 1.  Business.

General Development and Description of Business

AAON, Inc., a Nevada corporation, was incorporated on August 18, 1987.

The Company (including its subsidiaries) is engaged in the manufacture and sale
of air-conditioning and heating equipment consisting of standardized and custom
rooftop units, chillers, air-handling units, make-up air units, heat recovery
units, condensing units and coils.

Products and Markets

The Company's products serve the commercial and industrial new construction and
replacement markets. To date virtually all of the Company's sales have been to
the domestic market, with foreign sales accounting for less than 4% of its sales
in 2005.

The rooftop and condenser markets consist of units installed on commercial or
industrial structures of generally less than 10 stories in height. Air-handling
units, chillers and coils are applicable to all sizes of commercial and
industrial buildings.

The size of these markets is determined primarily by the number of commercial
and industrial building completions. The replacement market consists of products
installed to replace existing units/components that are worn or damaged.
Historically, approximately half of the industry's market has consisted of
replacement units.

The commercial and industrial new construction market is subject to cyclical
fluctuations in that it is generally tied to housing starts, but has a lag
factor of 6-18 months. Housing starts, in turn, are affected by such factors as
interest rates, the state of the economy, population growth and the relative age
of the population. When new construction is down, the Company emphasizes the
replacement market.

Based on its 2005 level of sales of approximately $185 million, the Company
estimates that it has a 13% share of the rooftop market and a 1% share of the
coil market. Approximately 55% of the Company's sales now come from new
construction and 45% from renovation/replacements. The percentage of sales for
new construction vs. replacement to particular customers is related to the
customer's stage of development.

The Company purchases certain components, fabricates sheet metal and tubing and
then assembles and tests its finished products. The Company's primary finished
products consist of a single unit system containing heating, cooling and/or heat
recovery components in a self-contained cabinet, referred to in the industry as
"unitary" products. The Company's other finished products are coils consisting
of a sheet metal casing with tubing and fins contained therein, air-handling
units consisting of coils, blowers and filters, condensing units consisting of
coils, fans and compressors, which, with the addition of a refrigerant-to-water
heat exchanger, become chillers, and make-up air units and heat recovery units.

With regard to its standardized products, the Company currently has five groups
of rooftop units: its HB Series consisting of four cooling sizes ranging from
two to five tons; its RM and RN Series offered in 21 cooling sizes ranging from
two to 70 tons; its RL Series, which is offered in 15 cooling sizes ranging from
40 to 230 tons; and its HA Series, which is a horizontal discharge package for
either rooftop or ground installation, offered in eight sizes ranging from seven
and one-half to 50 tons. The Company also produces customized rooftop products
with direct (MM Series) and indirect (TBA Series) heating in sizes as required.

                                      -1-
<PAGE>

The Company manufactures a Model LL chiller, which is available in both
air-cooled condensing and evaporative cooled configurations.

The Company's air-handling units consist of the H/V Series, the modular (M2)
Series and a customized NJ Series.

The Company's heat recovery option applicable to its RM, RN and RL units, as
well as its M2 and NJ Series air handlers, respond to the U.S. Clean Air Act
mandate to increase fresh air in commercial structures. The Company's products
are designed to compete on the higher quality end of standardized products.

Performance characteristics of its products range in cooling capacity from
28,000-4,320,000 BTU's and in heating capacity from 69,000-3,990,000 BTU's. All
of the Company's products meet the Department of Energy's efficiency standards,
which define the maximum amount of energy to be used in producing a given amount
of cooling.

A typical commercial building installation requires a ton of air-conditioning
for every 300-400 square feet or, for a 100,000 square foot building, 250 tons
of air-conditioning, which can involve multiple units.

The Company has developed and is beginning to market a residential condensing
unit (CB Series).

Major Customers

The Company's largest customer last year was Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., which
accounted for less than 10% of total sales. Sales to Wal-Mart were 14% and 18%
of total sales in 2004 and 2003, respectively. The Company has no written
contract with this customer.

In order to diversify its customer base, the Company has added to and/or
upgraded its sales representation in various markets.

Sources and Availability of Raw Materials

The most important materials purchased by the Company are steel, copper and
aluminum, which are obtained from domestic suppliers. The Company also purchases
from other domestic manufacturers certain components, including compressors,
electric motors and electrical controls used in its products. The Company
endeavors to obtain the lowest possible cost in its purchases of raw materials
and components, consistent with meeting specified quality standards. The Company
is not dependent upon any one source for its raw materials or the major
components of its manufactured products. By having multiple suppliers, the
Company believes that it will have adequate sources of supplies to meet its
manufacturing requirements for the foreseeable future.

The Company attempts to limit the impact of increases in raw materials and
purchased component prices on its profit margins by negotiating with each of its
major suppliers on a term basis from six months to one year. However, in 2005
and 2004 cost increases in basic commodities, such as steel, copper and
aluminum, severely impacted profit margins.

Distribution

The Company employs a sales staff of 12 individuals and utilizes approximately
87 independent manufacturer representatives' organizations having 104 offices to
market its products in the United States and Canada. The Company also has one
international sales organization, which utilizes 12 distributors in other
countries. Sales are made directly to the contractor or end user, with shipments
being made from the Company's Tulsa, Oklahoma, Longview, Texas, and Burlington,
Ontario, Canada plants to the job site. Billings are to the contractor or end
user, with a commission paid directly to the manufacturer representative.

                                      -2-
<PAGE>

The Company's products and sales strategy focus on "niche" markets. The targeted
markets for its equipment are customers seeking products of better quality than
offered, and/or options not offered, by standardized manufacturers.

To support and service its customers and the ultimate consumer, the Company
provides parts availability through eight independent parts distributors and has
factory service organizations at each of its plants. Also, a number of the
manufacturer representatives utilized by the Company have their own service
organizations, which, together with the Company, provide the necessary warranty
work and/or normal service to customers.

The Company's warranty on its products is: for parts only, the earlier of one
year from the date of first use or 14 months from date of shipment; compressors
(if applicable), an additional four years; on gas-fired heat exchangers (if
applicable), 15 years; and on stainless steel heat exchangers (if applicable),
25 years.

Research and Development

All R&D activities of the Company are company-sponsored, rather than
customer-sponsored. R&D has involved the HB, RM, RN, RL, NJ, TBA and NM (rooftop
units), LL (chillers) and CB (condensing units), as well as component evaluation
and refinement, development of control systems and new product development. The
Company incurred research and development expenses of $1,681,000 in 2005,
$1,072,000 in 2004 and $837,000 in 2003.

Backlog

The Company had a current backlog as of March 1, 2006, of $48,597,000, compared
to $33,184,000 at March 1, 2005. The current backlog consists of orders
considered by management to be firm and substantially all of which will be
filled by August 1, 2006; however, the orders are subject to cancellation by the
customers.

Working Capital Practices

Working capital practices in the industry center on inventories and accounts
receivable. The Company regularly reviews its working capital with a view to
maintaining the lowest level consistent with requirements of anticipated levels
of operation. Its greatest needs arise during the months of July-November, the
peak season for inventory (primarily purchased material) and accounts
receivable. The Company's working capital requirements are generally met by cash
flow from operations and a bank revolving credit facility, which currently
permits borrowings up to $15,150,000. The Company believes that it will have
sufficient funds available to meet its working capital needs for the foreseeable
future. The Company expects to renew its revolving credit agreement in July
2006.

Seasonality

Sales of the Company's products are moderately seasonal with the peak period
being July-November of each year.

Competition

In the standardized market, the Company competes primarily with Trane Company, a
division of American Standard, Inc., Carrier Corporation, a subsidiary of United
Technologies Corporation, Lennox International, Inc., and York, a division of
Johnson Controls. All of these competitors are substantially larger and have
greater resources than the Company. In the custom market, the Company competes
with many larger and smaller manufacturers. The Company competes on the basis of
total value, quality, function, serviceability, efficiency, availability of
product, product line recognition and acceptability of sales outlet. However, in
new construction where the contractor is the purchasing decision maker, the
Company often is at a competitive disadvantage on sales of its products because
of the emphasis placed on initial cost; whereas, in the replacement market and
other owner-controlled purchases, the Company has a better chance of getting the
business since quality and long-term cost are generally taken into account.

                                      -3-
<PAGE>

Employees

As of March 1, 2006, the Company had 1,335 employees and 78 temporaries, none of
whom is represented by unions. Management considers its relations with its
employees to be good.

Patents, Trademarks, Licenses and Concessions

The Company does not consider any patents, trademarks, licenses or concessions
held by it to be material to its business operations, other than patents issued
regarding its heat recovery wheel option, blower, gas-fired heat exchanger and
evaporative condenser desuperheater.

Environmental Matters

Laws concerning the environment that affect or could affect the Company's
domestic operations include, among others, the Clean Water Act, the Clean Air
Act, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, the Occupational Safety and
Health Act, the National Environmental Policy Act, the Toxic Substances Control
Act, regulations promulgated under these Acts, and any other federal, state or
local laws or regulations governing environmental matters. The Company believes
that it presently complies with these laws and that future compliance will not
materially adversely affect the Company's earnings or competitive position.

Available Information

The Company's Internet website address is http://www.aaon.com. Its annual
reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form
8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934 will be available through the Company's
Internet website as soon as reasonably practical after the Company
electronically files such material with, or furnishes it to, the SEC.

Item 1A.  Risk Factors.

The following risks and uncertainties may affect the Company's performance and
results of operations.

Our business can be hurt by an economic downturn.

Our business is affected by a number of economic factors, including the level of
economic activity in the markets in which we operate. A decline in economic
activity in the United States could materially affect our financial condition
and results of operations. Sales in the commercial and industrial new
construction markets correlate closely to the number of new homes and buildings
that are built, which in turn is influenced by cyclical factors such as interest
rates, inflation, consumer spending habits, employment rates and other
macroeconomic factors over which we have no control. In the HVAC business, a
decline in economic activity as a result of these cyclical or other factors
typically results in a decline in new construction and replacement purchases,
which would result in a decrease in our sales volume and profitability.

We may be adversely affected by problems in the availability, or increases in
the prices, of raw materials and components.

Problems in the availability, or increases in the prices, of raw materials or
components could depress our sales or increase the costs of our products. We are
dependent upon components purchased from third parties, as well as raw materials
such as steel, copper and aluminum. We enter into contracts on terms from six
months to one year for raw materials and components at fixed prices. However, if
a key supplier is unable or unwilling to meet our supply requirements, we could
experience supply interruptions or cost increases, either of which could have an
adverse effect on our gross profit.

                                      -4-
<PAGE>

We may not be able to successfully develop and market new products.

Our future success will depend upon our continued investment in research and new
product development and our ability to continue to realize new technological
advances in the HVAC industry. Our inability to continue to successfully develop
and market new products or our inability to achieve technological advances on a
pace consistent with that of our competitors could lead to a material adverse
effect on our business and results of operations.

We may incur material costs as a result of warranty and product liability claims
that would negatively affect our profitability.

The development, manufacture, sale and use of our products involve a risk of
warranty and product liability claims. Our product liability insurance policies
have limits that, if exceeded, may result in material costs that would have an
adverse effect on our future profitability. In addition, warranty claims are not
covered by our product liability insurance and there may be types of product
liability claims that are also not covered by our product liability insurance.

We may not be able to compete favorably in the highly competitive HVAC business:

Competition in our various markets could cause us to reduce our prices or lose
market share, or could negatively affect our cash flow, which could have an
adverse effect on our future financial results. Substantially all of the markets
in which we participate are highly competitive. The most significant competitive
factors we face are product reliability, product performance, service and price,
with the relative importance of these factors varying among our product line.
Other factors that affect competition in the HVAC market include the development
and application of new technologies and an increasing emphasis on the
development of more efficient HVAC products. Moreover, new product introductions
are an important factor in the market categories in which our products compete.
Several of our competitors have greater financial and other resources than we
have, allowing them to invest in more extensive research and development. We may
not be able to compete successfully against current and future competition and
current and future competitive pressures faced by us may materially adversely
affect our business and results of operations.

The loss of Norman H. Asbjornson could impair the growth of our business.

Norman H. Asbjornson, the founder of AAON, Inc., has served as the President and
Chief Executive Officer of the Company from inception to date. He has provided
the leadership and vision for our growth. Although important responsibilities
and functions have been delegated to other highly experienced and capable
management personnel, our products are technologically advanced and well
positioned for sales into the future and we carry key man insurance on Mr.
Asbjornson, his death, disability or retirement, could impair the growth of our
business. We do not have an employment agreement with Mr. Asbjornson.

Our stockholder rights plan and some provisions in our bylaws and Nevada law
could delay or prevent a change in control.

Our stockholder rights plan and some provisions in our bylaws and Nevada law
could delay or prevent a change in control, which could adversely affect the
price of our common stock.

AAON's business is subject to the risks of interruptions by problems such as
computer viruses.

Despite our company's implementation of network security measures, its services
are vulnerable to computer viruses, break-ins and similar disruptions from
unauthorized tampering with its computer systems. Any such event could have a
material adverse affect on our business.

                                      -5-
<PAGE>

Exposure to environmental liabilities could adversely affect our results of
operations.

Our future profitability could be adversely affected by current or future
environmental laws. We are subject to extensive and changing federal, state and
local laws and regulations designed to protect the environment in the United
States and in other parts of the world. These laws and regulations could impose
liability for remediation costs and result in civil or criminal penalties in
case of non-compliance. Compliance with environmental laws increases our costs
of doing business. Because these laws are subject to frequent change, we are
unable to predict the future costs resulting from environmental compliance.

1B.  Unresolved Staff Comments.

None.


Item 2.  Properties.

The plant and office facilities in Tulsa, Oklahoma, consist of a 337,000 square
foot building (322,000 sq. ft. of manufacturing/warehouse space and 15,000 sq.
ft. of office space) located on a 12-acre tract of land at 2425 South Yukon
Avenue (the "original facility"), and a 563,000 square foot
manufacturing/warehouse building and a 22,000 square foot office building (the
"expansion facility") located on a 40-acre tract of land across the street from
the original facility (2440 South Yukon Avenue). Both plants are of sheet metal
construction.

The original facility's manufacturing area is in a heavy industrial type
building, with total coverage by bridge cranes, containing manufacturing
equipment designed for sheet metal fabrication and metal stamping. The
manufacturing equipment contained in the original facility consists primarily of
automated sheet metal fabrication equipment, supplemented by presses, press
breaks and NC punching equipment. Assembly lines consist of four cart-type
conveyor lines with variable line speed adjustment, three of which are motor
driven. Subassembly areas and production line manning are based upon line speed.
The manufacturing facility is 1,140 feet in length and varies in width from 390
feet to 220 feet. Production at this facility averaged approximately $13.9
million per month in 2005, which is 89% of the estimated capacity of the plant.
Management deems this plant to be nearly ideal for the type of rooftop products
being manufactured by the Company.

The expansion facility is 39% (228,000 sq. ft.) utilized by the Company and 61%
leased to a third party. The Company uses 22,000 sq. ft. for office space,
20,000 sq. ft. for warehouse space and 80,000 sq. ft. for two production lines;
an additional 106,000 square feet is utilized for sheet metal fabrication. The
remaining 357,000 sq. ft. (presently leased) will afford the Company additional
plant space for long-term growth.

The Company's operations in Longview, Texas, are conducted in a plant/office
building at 203-207 Gum Springs Road, containing 258,000 sq. ft. on 14 acres.
The manufacturing area (approximately 251,000 sq. ft.) is located in three
120-foot wide sheet metal buildings connected by an adjoining structure. The
facility is built for light industrial manufacturing. An additional, contiguous
15 acres were purchased in 2004 and 2005 for future expansion.

The Company's operations in Burlington, Ontario, Canada, are located at 279
Sumach Drive, consisting of an 82,000 sq. ft. office/manufacturing facility on a
5.6 acre tract of land.


Item 3.  Legal Proceedings.

The Company is not a party to any pending legal proceeding which management
believes is likely to result in a material liability and no such action is
contemplated by or, to the best of its knowledge, has been threatened against
the Company.


Item 4.  Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.

No matter was submitted to a vote of security holders, through solicitation of
proxies or otherwise, during the period from October 1, 2005, through December
31, 2005.

                                      -6-
<PAGE>

                                     PART II

Item 5.  Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and
         Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.

The Company's Common Stock is traded on the NASDAQ National Market under the
symbol "AAON". The range of closing prices for the Company's Common Stock during
the last two years, as reported by National Association of Securities Dealers,
Inc., was as follows:

            Quarter Ended                      High             Low
            -------------                      ----             ---
            March 31, 2004                    $22.40          $18.00
            June 30, 2004                     $21.24          $18.78
            September 30, 2004                $19.54          $15.52
            December 31, 2004                 $18.20          $14.16

            March 31, 2005                    $16.46          $13.91
            June 30, 2005                     $18.99          $16.15
            September 30, 2005                $19.33          $16.28
            December 31, 2005                 $18.46          $16.22

On February 28, 2006, there were 1,026 holders of record, and 2,507 beneficial
owners, of the Company's Common Stock.

Although the Company has paid no cash dividends from inception to date, on
February 14, 2006, the Board of Directors voted to initiate a semi-annual cash
dividend of $0.20 per share to the holders of the outstanding Common Stock of
the Company as of the close of business on June 12, 2006, the record date,
payable on July 3, 2006.

Following repurchases of approximately 12% of its outstanding Common Stock
between September 1999 and September 2001, the Company announced and began its
current stock repurchase program on October 17, 2002, targeting repurchases of
up to an additional 10% (1,325,000 shares) of its outstanding stock. Through
December 31, 2005, the Company had repurchased a total of 1,257,864 shares under
the current program for an aggregate price of $22,034,568, or an average of
$17.52 per share. On February 14, 2006, the Board of Directors approved the
suspension of the Company's repurchase program.

Repurchases during the fourth quarter of 2005 were as follows:

<TABLE>
ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
<CAPTION>
------------------ ------------- ------------ ----------------- ---------------------
                                                                    (d) Maximum
                                              (c) Total Number       Number (or
                     (a)Total        (b)       of Shares (or     Approximate Dollar
                    Number of      Average    Units) Purchased  Value) of Shares (or
     Period         Shares (or   Price Paid      as Part of     Units) that May Yet
                      Units)      Per Share       Publicly       Be Purchased Under
                    Purchased     (or Unit)   Announced Plans       the Plans or
                                                or Programs           Programs
------------------ ------------- ------------ ----------------- ---------------------
<S>      <C>           <C>          <C>            <C>                  <C>
Month #1
October 1-31,               -            -              -              101,136
2005
------------------ ------------- ------------ ----------------- ---------------------
Month #2
November 1-30,         16,800       $17.24         16,800               84,336
2005
------------------ ------------- ------------ ----------------- ---------------------
Month #3
December 1-31,         17,200       $18.49         17,200               67,136
2005

------------------ ------------- ------------ ----------------- ---------------------
Total                  34,000       $17.87         34,000
------------------ ------------- ------------ ----------------- ---------------------
</TABLE>

                                      -7-
<PAGE>

Item 6.  Selected Financial Data.

The following selected financial data should be read in conjunction with the
financial statements and related notes thereto for the periods indicated, which
are included elsewhere in this report.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                     Year Ended December 31,
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Results of Operations:                           2005           2004           2003           2002           2001
                                                 ----           ----           ----           ----           ----
                                                               (in thousands, except per share data)

<S>                                          <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>
Net sales                                    $185,195       $171,885       $147,890       $154,141       $156,485
Net income                                   $ 11,462       $  7,521       $ 14,227       $ 14,611       $ 14,156
Basic earnings per share                     $    .93       $   0.60       $   1.12       $   1.11       $   1.09
Diluted earnings per share                   $    .90       $   0.58       $   1.07       $   1.06       $   1.04


Weighted average shares
    outstanding:

         Basic                                 12,340         12,435         12,685         13,158         12,992

         Diluted                               12,750         12,923         13,251         13,740         13,641
</TABLE>


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                           December 31,
----- -------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Balance Sheet Data:                              2005           2004           2003           2002           2001
                                                 ----           ----           ----           ----           ----
                                                                          (in thousands)
<S>                                          <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>
Total assets                                 $113,606       $105,227       $102,085       $ 91,713       $ 76,295
Long-term debt                               $     59            167              -              -       $    985
Stockholders' equity                         $ 79,495       $ 71,171       $ 67,428       $ 62,310       $ 50,041
</TABLE>

Basic earnings per common share were computed by dividing net income by the
weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the
reporting period. Diluted earnings per common share were determined on the
assumed exercise of dilutive options, as determined by applying the treasury
stock method. Effective September 28, 2001 and June 4, 2002, the Company
completed three-for-two stock splits. The shares outstanding and earnings per
share disclosures have been restated to reflect the stock splits.

                                      -8-
<PAGE>

Item 7.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
         Results of Operations.

AAON engineers, manufactures and markets air-conditioning and heating equipment
consisting of standardized and custom rooftop units, chillers, air-handling
units, make-up units, heat recovery units, condensing units and coils.

AAON sells its products to property owners and contractors through a network of
manufacturers' representatives and its internal sales force. Demand for the
Company's products is influenced by national and regional economic and
demographic factors. The commercial and industrial new construction market is
subject to cyclical fluctuations in that it is generally tied to housing starts,
but has a lag factor of 6-18 months. Housing starts, in turn, are affected by
such factors as interest rates, the state of the economy, population growth and
the relative age of the population. When new construction is down, the Company
emphasizes the replacement market.

The principal components of cost of goods sold are labor, raw materials,
component costs, factory overhead, freight out and engineering expense. The
principal raw materials used in AAON's manufacturing processes are steel, copper
and aluminum. The major component costs include compressors, electric motors and
electronic controls.

Selling, general, and administrative ("SG&A") costs include the Company's
internal sales force, warranty costs, profit sharing and administrative expense.
Warranty expense is estimated based on historical trends and other factors. The
Company's warranty on its products is: for parts only, the earlier of one year
from the date of first use or 14 months from date of shipment; compressors (if
applicable), an additional four years, on gas-fired heat exchangers (if
applicable), 15 years, and on stainless steel heat exchangers (if applicable),
25 years.

The Company's operations in Burlington, Ontario, Canada, are located at 279
Sumach Drive, consisting of an 82,000 sq. ft. office/manufacturing facility on a
5.6 acre tract of land.

The office facilities of AAON, Inc. consist of a 337,000 square foot building
(322,000 sq. ft. of manufacturing/warehouse space and 15,000 sq. ft. of office
space) located at 2425 S. Yukon Avenue, Tulsa, Oklahoma (the "original
facility"), and a 563,000 square foot manufacturing/warehouse building and a
22,000 square foot office building (the "expansion facility") located across the
street from the original facility at 2440 S. Yukon Avenue. The Company utilizes
39% of the expansion facility and the remaining 61% is leased to a third party.
The operations of AAON Coil Products, Inc. are conducted in a plant/office
building at 203-207 Gum Springs Road in Longview, Texas, containing 258,000
square feet (251,000 sq. ft. of manufacturing/warehouse and 7,000 sq. ft. of
office space). In 2004 and 2005, AAON Coil Products purchased an additional 15
acres of land for future expansion.

                                      -9-
<PAGE>

Set forth below is income statement information with respect to the Company for
years 2005, 2004 and 2003:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            Year Ended December 31,
                                                2005                  2004                 2003
                                                ----                  ----                 ----
                                                                (in thousands)
<S>                                          <C>                   <C>                  <C>
Net sales                                    $ 185,195             $ 171,885            $ 147,890

Cost of sales                                  149,904               145,021              112,005
                                           ---------------      ----------------     ----------------

Gross profit                                    35,291                26,864               35,885
                                           ---------------      ----------------     ----------------

Selling, general and administrative
   expenses                                     17,477                15,214               14,909
                                           ---------------      ----------------     ----------------

Income from operations                          17,814                11,650               20,976
                                           ---------------      ----------------     ----------------

Interest expense                                   (16)                  (38)                 (21)
Interest Income                                     67                   183                  346
Other income , net                                 467                   584                  552
                                           ---------------      ----------------     ----------------

Income before income taxes                      18,332                12,379               21,853
Income tax provision                             6,870                 4,858                7,626
                                           ---------------      ----------------     ----------------

Net income                                   $  11,462             $   7,521            $  14,227
                                           ===============      ================     ================
</TABLE>


Results of Operations

Net sales increased $13.3 million in 2005 compared to 2004, and increased $24.0
million in 2004 compared to 2003. The increase in sales in 2005 was attributable
to both volume and price increases and a full year of sales from AAON Canada.
The increase in sales in 2004 was primarily attributable to the introduction of
new products, the improving outlook for the U.S. economy, and the AAON Canada
acquisition, which contributed $3,250,000 (1.9%) to sales between May 4 -
December 31, 2004. The increased sales were offset by computer and electrical
outages that caused the closings of the Tulsa facility for four days, which also
affected production at Longview and Canada.

Gross margins in 2005 were 19.1% compared to 15.6% in 2004 and 24.3% in 2003.
Gross profit increased $8.4 million (31.4%) to $35.3 million in 2005 from $26.9
million in 2004 and decreased $9.0 million to $26.9 million from $35.9 million
in 2004 compared to 2003. The increases in margins and gross profit for 2005
were due primarily to increased volume, price increases and improved production
efficiencies offset by lower gross margins by AAON Canada, continuing high
material costs for raw materials and component parts and increased copper costs,
and higher than normal repair expenses to moderate sheet metal down time. The
decrease in margins for 2004 compared to 2003 was due to price increases in
steel, copper and aluminum, startup costs associated with a new coil project,
closings of the Tulsa facility for four days due to computer and electrical
outages, which also affected the Longview and Canada facilities, and equipment
failures at the Company's Longview, Texas, facility that prevented coil
production needed by the Tulsa facility. The Company instituted two product
price increases to its customers in 2004, in an attempt to offset the increases
in steel, copper and aluminum. Due to the Company's high backlog, orders with
old pricing had to flow through the system before new orders began to reflect
the new pricing. The Company attempts to limit the impact of price increases on
these materials by entering into cancelable fixed price contracts with its major
suppliers for periods of 6-12 months. In many instances, due to significant
price increases in 2004, suppliers refused to sell materials at the originally
negotiated six-month or one year purchase order price.

                                      -10-
<PAGE>

Steel, copper and aluminum are high volume materials used in the manufacturing
of the Company's products, which are obtained from domestic suppliers. The
Company also purchases from other domestic manufacturers certain components,
including compressors, electric motors and electrical controls used in its
products. The suppliers of these components are significantly affected by the
rising raw material costs, as steel, copper and aluminum are used in the
manufacturing of their products. The Company is also experiencing price
increases from component part suppliers.

Selling, general and administrative expenses increased $2.3 million (14.9%) in
2005 compared to 2004 due primarily to an increase in professional fees,
computer consulting, internal accounting expenses, employee profit sharing and a
full year of AAON Canada expenses. The AAON Canada asset acquisition occurred
May 4, 2004. SG&A increased $305,000 (2.0%) in 2004 compared to 2003 due
primarily to increases in bad debt expense.

Interest expense was $16,000, $38,000, and $21,000 in 2005, 2004 and 2003,
respectively. The reduction in interest expense was due to lower average
borrowings under the revolving credit facility in 2005 compared to 2004. The
reduction in interest expense in 2003 was due to lower interest rates.

Interest income was $67,000, $183,000, and $346,000 in 2005, 2004, and 2003
respectively, due to investments in short-term money markets and certificates of
deposit.

Other income was $467,000, $584,000, $552,000 in 2005, 2004, and 2003,
respectively. Other income is attributable primarily to rental income from the
Company's expansion facility.

Financial Condition and Liquidity

Net accounts receivable increased $5.4 million at December 31, 2005, compared to
December 31, 2004, due to an increase in sales.

Inventories increased $2.8 million at December 31, 2005, compared to December
31, 2004, due to procurement of inventory to accommodate increased sales and
increased inventory values related to higher raw material and component parts
costs.

Prepaid expenses increased by $563,000 at December 31, 2005, compared to
December 31, 2004, due to prepaid copper inventory, at 2005 pricing, for 2006
material requirements.

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities increased $1.5 million at December 31,
2005, compared to December 31, 2004, due to commissions payable and timing of
payments to vendors.

The Company generated $12.0 million, $16.2 million and $16.5 million cash from
operating activities in 2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively. Operating cash flows
in 2005 primarily consisted of $11.5 million of net income. The decrease in cash
provided from operating activities in 2005 is primarily due to an increase in
inventories and accounts receivable. The decrease in cash provided from
operating activities in 2004 is due primarily to an increase in cost of sales
and an increase in accounts receivable. Operating cash flows in 2003 consisted
of $14.2 million of net income, $5.4 million of depreciation, $(3.2) million in
working capital and other changes. The decrease in 2003 is due primarily to an
increase in inventories.

Cash flows used in investing activities were $8.2 million, $11.7 million and
$7.6 million in 2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively. Cash flows used in investing
activities in 2005 were related primarily to capital expenditures of $10.1
million for additions of machinery and equipment, a manufacturing addition and
an office renovation to the Longview facility. Cash flows used in investing
activities in 2004 related to capital expenditure additions totaling $17
million, reflecting primarily additions to machinery and equipment, a sheet
metal facility at the Tulsa plant and renovations made to the Company's Tulsa
manufacturing and Longview office facilities. In 2003 cash used in investing
activities was comprised primarily of capital expenditures totaling $7.7
million. All capital expenditures and building renovations were financed out of
cash generated from operations. In 2005, the Company invested $1 million in a
certificate of deposit, which will mature in the first quarter of 2006. In 2002,
the Company invested $10 million in a certificate of deposit that matured in
2004 and an additional $3 million was invested in certificate of deposits in
2004, which matured in the first quarter of 2005. Due to anticipated production
demands, the Company expects to expend approximately $11 million in 2006 for
equipment requirements. The Company expects the cash requirements to be provided
from cash flow from operations.

                                      -11-

<PAGE>

Cash flows used in financing activities were $4.2 million, $9.9 million and $7.7
million in 2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively. In October 2002, the Company's
Board of Directors authorized a stock buyback program to repurchase up to
1,325,000 shares of stock. There were 182,900 shares of stock repurchased for a
total of $4.9 million and 265,100 shares of stock repurchased for a total of
$5.0 million in 2005 and 2004, respectively, with 597,001 shares of stock
repurchased for a total of $9.9 million in 2003. Additionally, the Company had
no net borrowings/(repayments) in 2005, and had $(5.4) million, and $1.8
million, in 2004 and 2003, respectively, under its revolving credit facility.

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements

The Company's revolving credit facility (which currently extends to July 30,
2006) provides for maximum borrowings of $15.15 million. Interest on borrowings
is payable monthly at the Wall Street Journal prime rate less .5% or LIBOR plus
1.6%, at the election of the Company. The Company had no borrowings under the
revolving credit facility as of December 31, 2005. Borrowings available under
the revolving credit facility at December 31, 2005 were $14.6 million. In
addition, the Company has a $600,000 Letter of Credit that expires December 31,
2006. The credit facility requires that the Company maintain certain financial
ratios and, at December 31, 2005, prohibited the declaration or payments of
dividends. At December 31, 2005, the Company was in compliance with its
financial ratio covenants and, subsequently thereto, the lender waived the
restriction on payment of dividends. On February 14, 2006, the Board of
Directors voted to initiate a semi-annual cash dividend of $0.20 per share to
the holders of the outstanding Common Stock of the Company as of the close of
business on June 12, 2006, the record date, payable on July 3, 2006. In
addition, on February 14, 2006, the Company suspended its stock repurchase
program. The Company plans to renew its revolving credit agreement in July 2006.

Management believes the Company's bank revolving credit facility (or comparable
financing), and projected cash flows from operations will provide the necessary
liquidity and capital resources to the Company for the foreseeable future. The
Company's belief that it will have the necessary liquidity and capital resources
is based upon its knowledge of the HVAC industry and its place in that industry,
its ability to limit the growth of its business if necessary, and its
relationship with its existing bank lender. For information concerning the
Company's revolving credit facility at December 31, 2005, see Note 4 to the
financial statements included in this report.

Commitments and Contractual Agreements

The Company is a party to several short-term, cancelable, fixed price contracts
with major suppliers for the purchase of raw material and component parts.

The Company has cancelable commitments to purchase machinery and equipment at a
cost of $11.2 million.

The following table summarizes our long-term debt and other contractual
agreements as of December 31, 2005:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                           Payments Due By Period
                                                               (in thousands)

                                                                 Less Than 1
                                               Total                 Year               1-3 Years
                                          -----------------    ----------------     ----------------
<S>                                            <C>                 <C>                    <C>
Long-term debt                                 $   167             $   108                $   59
Interest on fixed rate long-term debt                5                   4                     1
Purchase commitments                           $11,200              11,200                     -
                                          -----------------    ----------------     ----------------
Total                                          $11,372             $11,312                $   60
                                          =================    ================     ================
</TABLE>

                                      -12-
<PAGE>

The fixed rate interest on long-term debt includes the amount of interest due on
our fixed rate long-term debt. These amounts do not include interest on our
variable rate obligation related to the Company's Revolving Credit Facility.

Critical Accounting Policies

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and
disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the
reporting period. Because these estimates and assumptions require significant
judgment, future actual results could differ from those estimates and could have
a significant impact on the Company's results of operations, financial position
and cash flows. The Company reevaluates its estimates and assumptions on a
monthly basis.

The following accounting policies may involve a higher degree of estimation or
assumption:

Allowance for Doubtful Accounts - The Company establishes an allowance for
doubtful accounts based upon factors surrounding the credit risk of specific
customers, historical trends in collections and write-offs, current customer
status, the age of the receivable, economic conditions and other information.
Aged receivables are reviewed on a monthly basis to determine if the reserve is
adequate and adjusted accordingly at that time.

Inventory Reserves - The Company establishes a reserve for inventories based on
the change in inventory requirements due to product line changes, the
feasibility of using obsolete parts for upgraded part substitutions, the
required parts needed for part supply sales, replacement parts and for estimated
shrinkage.

Warranty - A provision is made for estimated warranty costs at the time the
product is shipped and revenue is recognized. The warranty period is: for parts
only, the earlier of one year from the date of first use or 14 months from date
of shipment; compressors (if applicable), an additional four years; on gas-fired
heat exchangers (if applicable), 15 years; and on stainless steel heat
exchangers (if applicable), 25 years. Warranty expense is estimated based on the
Company's warranty period, historical warranty trends and associated costs, and
any known identifiable warranty issue. Due to the absence of warranty history on
new products, an additional provision may be made for such products.

Medical Insurance - A provision is made for medical costs associated with the
Company's Medical Employee Benefit Plan, which is primarily a self-funded plan.
A provision is made for estimated medical costs based on historical claims paid
and any known potential of significant future claims. The plan is supplemented
by employee contributions and an excess policy for claims over $100,000 each.

Historically, reserves have been within management's expectations.

Stock Compensation - The Company has elected to follow Accounting Principles
Board Opinion No. 25 ("APB 25"), Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees and
related interpretations in accounting for stock options. Under "fixed plan"
accounting in APB 25, because the exercise price of the Company's options equals
the market price of the underlying stock on the date of grant, no compensation
expense is recognized. The Company has adopted pro forma disclosures of SFAS
123.

New Accounting Pronouncements

FASB (Financial Accounting Standards Board) Statement 123 (R) replaces FASB
Statement No.123, Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation, and supersedes APB
Opinion No. 25, Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees. The Statement requires
measurement of the cost of employee services received in exchange for an award
of equity instruments based on the grant-date fair value of the award. The
compensation cost will be recognized over the period of time during which an
employee is required to provide service in exchange for the award, which will be
the vesting period. The Statement applies to all awards granted and any unvested
awards at December 31, 2005. SFAS 123 (R) will be effective for the Company for
interim reporting beginning after December 31, 2005. The Company is currently
considering which valuation model it will adopt and, therefore, has not
determined the impact future grants will have on the financial statements.
Existing grants will result in compensation expenses being recorded similar in
nature to the amounts disclosed in the pro forma information in footnote 1 of
the Consolidated Financial Statements.

                                      -13-
<PAGE>

FASB Statement 151, "Inventory Costs", replaces "Accounting Research Bulletin
No. 43, Chapter 4, Inventory Pricing". The Statement requires that abnormal
amounts of idle facility expense, freight, handling costs and spoilage be
expensed as incurred and not included in overhead as an inventory cost. The new
statement also requires that allocation of fixed production overhead costs be
based on normal capacity of the production facilities. The Statement is
effective January 1, 2006. The Company does not expect the adoption of this
statement to have a material impact on its Consolidated Financial Statements.

Forward-Looking Statements

This Annual Report includes "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of
the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as "expects",
"anticipates", "intends", "plans", "believes", "seeks", "estimates", "will", and
variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify such
forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future
performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions, which are
difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ
materially from what is expressed or forecasted in such forward-looking
statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these
forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which they are
made. The Company undertakes no obligations to update publicly any
forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future
events or otherwise. Important factors that could cause results to differ
materially from those in the forward-looking statements include (1) the timing
and extent of changes in raw material and component prices, (2) the effects of
fluctuations in the commercial/industrial new construction market, (3) the
timing and extent of changes in interest rates, as well as other competitive
factors during the year, and (4) general economic, market or business
conditions.


Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.

The Company is subject to interest rate risk on its revolving credit facility,
which bears variable interest based upon a prime or LIBOR rate. The Company had
no outstanding balance as of December 31, 2005.

Foreign sales accounted for less than 4% of the Company's sales in 2005 and the
Company accepts payment for such sales in U.S. and Canadian dollars; therefore,
the Company believes it is not exposed to significant foreign currency exchange
rate risk on these sales. Foreign currency transactions and financial statements
are translated in accordance with Statement of Financial Standards No. 52,
Foreign Currency Translation. The Company uses the U.S. dollar as its functional
currency, except for the Company's Canadian subsidiaries, which use the Canadian
dollar. Adjustments arising from translation of the Canadian subsidiaries'
financial statements are reflected in accumulated other comprehensive income.
Transaction gains or losses that arise from exchange rate fluctuations
applicable to transactions are denominated in Canadian currency and are included
in the results of operations as incurred.

Important raw materials purchased by the Company are steel, copper and aluminum,
which are subject to price fluctuations. The Company attempts to limit the
impact of price increases on these materials by entering cancelable fixed price
contracts with its major suppliers for periods of 6 -12 months. However, in 2005
and 2004 cost increases in basic commodities, such as steel, copper and
aluminum, severely impacted profit margins.

The Company does not utilize derivative financial instruments to hedge its
interest rate or raw materials price risks.

                                      -14-
<PAGE>

Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.

The financial statements and supplementary data are included commencing at page
26.


Item 9.  Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and
         Financial Disclosure.

The information called for by Item 304 of Regulation S-K has been previously
reported in the Company's Form 8-K dated June 25, 2004.


Item 9A. Controls and Procedures.

         (a)  Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

At the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the
Company's management, under the supervision and with the participation of the
Company's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the
effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company's disclosure controls
and procedures. Based on that evaluation, the Company's Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer believe that:

    o    The Company's disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure
         that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports
         it files under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded,
         processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in
         the SEC's rules and forms; and

    o    The Company's disclosure controls and procedures operate such that
         important information flows to appropriate collection and disclosure
         points in a timely manner and are effective to ensure that such
         information is accumulated and communicated to the Company's
         management, and made known to the Company's Chief Executive Officer and
         Chief Financial Officer, particularly during the period when this
         Annual Report was prepared, as appropriate to allow timely decisions
         regarding the required disclosure.


AAON's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have evaluated the
Company's disclosure controls and procedures and concluded that these controls
and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2005.


         (b)  Management's Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial
              Reporting

The management of AAON, Inc. and its subsidiaries (AAON), is responsible for
establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting.
AAON's internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance to
the Company's management and Board of Directors regarding the preparation and
fair presentation of published financial statements.

All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent
limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can
provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement
preparation and presentation.

In making its assessment of internal control over financial reporting,
management used the criteria issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control--Integrated Framework.
Based on our assessment, we believe that, as of December 31, 2005, the Company's
internal control over financial reporting is effective based on those criteria.

                                      -15-
<PAGE>

AAON's independent registered public accounting firm has issued an attestation
report on management's assessment of the Company's internal control over
financial reporting.


Date:  March 3, 2006                                /s/ Norman H. Asbjornson
                                                    ---------------------------
                                                        Norman H. Asbjornson
                                                        Chief Executive Officer


                                                    /s/ Kathy I. Sheffield
                                                    ---------------------------
                                                        Kathy I. Sheffield
                                                        Chief Financial Officer


         (c)  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

Board of Directors and
Stockholders of AAON, Inc.

We have audited management's assessment, included in the accompanying
Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting, that
AAON, Inc. (a Nevada Corporation) and subsidiaries (collectively, the Company)
maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December
31, 2005, based on the criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (COSO). The Company's management is responsible for maintaining
effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of
the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on management's assessment and an
opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial
reporting based on our audit.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective
internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material
respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over
financial reporting, evaluating management's assessment, testing and evaluating
the design and operating effectiveness of internal control, and performing such
other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe
that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinions.

A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over
financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to
the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2)
provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to
permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are
being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of
the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's
assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may
not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of
effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

In our opinion, management's assessment that AAON, Inc. and subsidiaries
maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December
31, 2005, is fairly stated, in all material respects, based on criteria
established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Also in our opinion,
AAON, Inc. and subsidiaries maintained, in all material respects, effective
internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2005, based on
criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).

                                      -16-
<PAGE>

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets of
AAON, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2005 and 2004, and the related
consolidated statements of income, stockholders' equity and comprehensive
income, and cash flows for the years then ended and our report dated March 3,
2006 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements.


                                                     /s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP


Tulsa, Oklahoma
March 3, 2006


         (d)  Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

There have been no changes in internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the fourth quarter of 2005 that have materially affected, or are
reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over
financial reporting.


Item 9B. Other information.

None.

                                      -17-
<PAGE>

                                    PART III

Item 10. Directors and Executive Officers of Registrant.

The information required by Items 401 and 405 of Regulation S-K is incorporated
by reference to the Company's definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the Company's 2006 Annual
Meeting of Stockholders.

Code of Ethics
--------------
The Company has adopted a code of ethics that applies to its principal executive
officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer or persons
performing similar functions, as well as its other employees and directors. The
Company undertakes to provide any person without charge, upon request, a copy of
such code of ethics. Requests may be directed to AAON, Inc., 2425 South Yukon
Avenue, Tulsa, Oklahoma 74107, attention Kathy I. Sheffield, or by calling (918)
382-6204.


Item 11. Executive Compensation.

Incorporated by reference to the Company's definitive Proxy Statement to be
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the
Company's 2006 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.


Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and
         Related Stockholder Matters.

The information required by Item 403 of Regulation S-K is incorporated by
reference to the Company's definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the Company's 2006 Annual
Meeting of Stockholders.

Summary of All Existing Equity Compensation Plans
-------------------------------------------------
The following table sets forth information concerning the equity compensation
plans of the Company as of December 31, 2005.

<TABLE>
                      EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION
<CAPTION>
                                                                                      Number of securities
                                       Number of securities                         remaining available for
                                        to be issued upon       Weighted-average     future issuance under
                                           exercise of         exercise price of      equity compensation
                                       outstanding options,   outstanding options,      plan [excluding
                                           warrants and           warrants and       securities reflected
           Plan Category                      rights                 rights             in column (a)]
           -------------                 ---------------         --------------         --------------
                                               (a)                     (b)                    (c)
<S>                                         <C>                      <C>                    <C>
         Equity compensation plans
         approved by security holders(1)    1,113,680                $7.51                  180,661

         Equity compensation plans not
         approved by security holders(2)            -                    -                        -
                                         ---------------         --------------         --------------
         Total                              1,113,680                $7.51                  180,661
</TABLE>

(1)  Consists of shares covered by the Company's 1992 Stock Option Plan, as
     amended.

(2)  The Company does not maintain any equity compensation plans that have not
     been approved by the stockholders.

                                      -18-
<PAGE>

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions.

Incorporated by reference to the Company's definitive Proxy Statement to be
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the
Company's 2006 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.


Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services.

Incorporated by reference to the Company's definitive Proxy Statement to be
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the
Company's 2006 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.

                                      -19-
<PAGE>

                                     PART IV


Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules.

          (a)  Financial statements.
                    See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements on page 23.

          (b)  Exhibits:

                    (3)(A)   Articles of Incorporation (i)
                       (A-1) Article Amendments (ii)
                       (B)   Bylaws (i)
                       (B-1) Amendments of Bylaws (iii)

                    (4)(A)   Third Restated Revolving Credit and Term
                             Loan Agreement and related documents (iv)

                       (A-1) Latest Amendment of Loan Agreement (v)

                       (B)   Rights Agreement dated February 19, 1999, as
                             amended (vi)

                    (10)     AAON, Inc. 1992 Stock Option Plan, as amended (vii)

                    (21)     List of Subsidiaries (viii)

                    (23.1)   Consent of Grant Thornton LLP

                    (23.2)   Consent of Ernst & Young LLP

                    (31.1)   Certification of CEO

                    (31.2)   Certification of CFO

                    (32.1)   Section 1350 Certification - CEO

                    (32.2)   Section 1350 Certification - CFO
                  ----------

                  (i)    Incorporated herein by reference to the exhibits to the
                         Company's Form S-18 Registration Statement No.
                         33-18336-LA.

                  (ii)   Incorporated herein by reference to the exhibits to the
                         Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
                         year ended December 31, 1990, and to the Company's
                         Forms 8-K dated March 21, 1994, March 10, 1997, and
                         March 17, 2000.

                  (iii)  Incorporated herein by reference to the Company's Forms
                         8-K dated March 10, 1997, May 27, 1998 and February 25,
                         1999, or exhibits thereto.

                  (iv)   Incorporated by reference to exhibit to the Company's
                         Form 8-K dated July 30, 2004.

                  (v)    Incorporated herein by reference to exhibit to the
                         Company's Form 8-K dated August 3, 2005.

                                      -20-
<PAGE>

                  (vi)   Incorporated by reference to exhibits to the Company's
                         Forms 8-K dated February 25, 1999, and August 20, 2002,
                         and Form 8-A Registration Statement No. 000-18953, as
                         amended.

                  (vii)  Incorporated herein by reference to exhibits to the
                         Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
                         year ended December 31, 1991, and to the Company's Form
                         S-8 Registration Statement No. 33-78520, as amended.

                  (viii) Incorporated herein by reference to exhibits to the
                         Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
                         year ended December 31, 2004.

                                      -21-
<PAGE>

                                   SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirement of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, hereunto duly authorized.

                                   AAON, INC.


Dated:  March 10, 2006             By:         /s/ Norman H. Asbjornson
                                        ----------------------------------------
                                            Norman H. Asbjornson, President


Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.


Dated:  March 10, 2006                         /s/ Norman H. Asbjornson
                                        ----------------------------------------
                                                   Norman H. Asbjornson
                                                  President and Director
                                               (principal executive officer)


Dated:  March 10, 2006                         /s/ Kathy I. Sheffield
                                        ----------------------------------------
                                                   Kathy I. Sheffield
                                                       Treasurer
                                              (principal financial officer
                                            and principal accounting officer)


Dated:  March 10, 2006                         /s/ John B. Johnson, Jr.
                                        ----------------------------------------
                                                   John B. Johnson, Jr.
                                                       Director


Dated:  March 10, 2006                         /s/ Thomas E. Naugle
                                        ----------------------------------------
                                                   Thomas E. Naugle
                                                       Director


Dated:  March 10, 2006                         /s/ Anthony Pantaleoni
                                        ----------------------------------------
                                                   Anthony Pantaleoni
                                                       Director


Dated:  March 10, 2006                         /s/ Jerry E. Ryan
                                        ----------------------------------------
                                                   Jerry E. Ryan
                                                       Director


Dated:  March 10, 2006                         /s/ Jack E. Short
                                        ----------------------------------------
                                                   Jack E. Short
                                                       Director


Dated:  March 10, 2006                         /s/ Charles C. Stephenson, Jr.
                                        ----------------------------------------
                                                   Charles C. Stephenson, Jr.
                                                       Director

                                      -22-
<PAGE>

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                         Page

Report of Independent Registered Public
  Accounting Firm - Grant Thornton LLP                                    24
Report of Independent Registered Public
  Accounting Firm - Ernst & Young LLP                                     25

Consolidated Balance Sheets                                               26

Consolidated Statements of Income                                         27

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity and
  Comprehensive Income                                                    28

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows                                     29

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                                30

                                      -23-
<PAGE>

             Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
             -------------------------------------------------------

Board of Directors and
Stockholders of AAON, Inc.

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of AAON, Inc. (a
Nevada Corporation) and subsidiaries (collectively, the Company) as of December
31, 2005 and 2004, and the related consolidated statements of income,
stockholders' equity and comprehensive income, and cash flows for the years then
ended. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a
test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of AAON, Inc. and
subsidiaries as of December 31, 2005 and 2004, and the results of their
operations and their cash flows for the years then ended in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the effectiveness of AAON, Inc. and
subsidiaries' internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2005,
based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by
the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) and
our report dated March 3, 2006, expressed an unqualified opinion on management's
assessment of the effectiveness of AAON, Inc. and subsidiaries' internal
control over financial reporting and an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness
of AAON, Inc. and subsidiaries' internal control over financial reporting.


                                                     /s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP


Tulsa, Oklahoma
March 3, 2006

                                      -24-
<PAGE>

             Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

Stockholders
AAON, Inc.

We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of income,
stockholders' equity and comprehensive income and cash flows of AAON, Inc. for
the year ended December 31, 2003. These financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on these financial statements based on our audit.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a
test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all
material respects, the consolidated results of operations and cash flows of
AAON, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2003, in conformity with U.S.
generally accepted accounting principles.


                                                     /s/ ERNST & YOUNG LLP


Tulsa, Oklahoma
February 6, 2004

                                      -25-
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
                          AAON, Inc., and Subsidiaries

                           Consolidated Balance Sheets
<CAPTION>
                                                                                         December 31,
                                                                                   2005                2004
                                                                            --------------------------------------
                                                                             (in thousands, except for share data)
<S>                                                                             <C>                 <C>
Assets
Current assets:
   Cash and cash equivalents                                                    $     837           $     994

   Certificate of deposit                                                           1,000               3,000

   Accounts receivable, net                                                        32,487              27,121

   Inventories, net                                                                23,708              20,868

   Prepaid expenses and other                                                       1,041                 478

   Deferred tax asset                                                               3,877               3,537
                                                                            --------------------------------------
Total current assets                                                               62,950              55,998

   Property, plant and equipment, net                                              50,581              49,229

   Note receivable, long term                                                          75                   -
                                                                            --------------------------------------
Total assets                                                                    $ 113,606           $ 105,227
                                                                            ======================================

Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity
Current liabilities:
   Revolving credit facility                                                    $       -           $       -
   Current maturities of long-term debt                                               108                 108

   Accounts payable                                                                11,643              12,882

   Accrued liabilities                                                             17,827              15,069
                                                                            --------------------------------------
Total current liabilities                                                          29,578              28,059

Long-term debt, less current maturities                                                59                 167

Deferred tax liability                                                              4,474               5,830

Commitments and contingencies

Stockholders' equity:
   Preferred stock, $.001 par value, 5,000,000 shares
     authorized, no shares issued                                                       -                   -
   Common stock, $.004 par value, 50,000,000 shares authorized,
     12,233,558 and 12,349,583 issued  and outstanding at December 31,
     2005 and 2004, respectively                                                       49                  49

   Accumulated other comprehensive  income                                            513                 247

   Retained earnings                                                               78,933              70,875
                                                                            --------------------------------------
Total stockholders' equity                                                         79,495              71,171
                                                                            --------------------------------------
Total liabilities and stockholders' equity                                      $ 113,606           $ 105,227
                                                                            ======================================
</TABLE>
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.

                                      -26-
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
                          AAON, Inc., and Subsidiaries

                        Consolidated Statements of Income
<CAPTION>
                                                                              Year Ending December 31,
                                                                        2005            2004            2003
                                                                 ---------------------------------------------------
                                                                       (in thousands, except per share data)
<S>                                                                  <C>             <C>             <C>
Net sales                                                            $  185,195      $  171,885      $  147,890
Cost of sales                                                           149,904         145,021         112,005
                                                                 ---------------------------------------------------
Gross profit                                                             35,291          26,864          35,885
Selling, general and administrative expenses                             17,477          15,214          14,909
                                                                 ---------------------------------------------------
Income from operations                                                   17,814          11,650          20,976

Interest expense                                                            (16)            (38)            (21)
Interest income                                                              67             183             346
Other income, net                                                           467             584             552
                                                                 ---------------------------------------------------
Income before income taxes                                               18,332          12,379          21,853
Income tax provision                                                      6,870           4,858           7,626
                                                                 ---------------------------------------------------
Net income                                                           $   11,462      $    7,521      $   14,227
                                                                 ===================================================
Earnings per share:
   Basic                                                             $     0.93      $     0.60      $     1.12
                                                                 ===================================================
   Diluted                                                           $     0.90      $     0.58      $     1.07
                                                                 ===================================================
Weighted average shares outstanding:
   Basic                                                                 12,340          12,435          12,685
                                                                 ===================================================
   Diluted                                                               12,750          12,923          13,251
                                                                 ===================================================
</TABLE>
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.

                                      -27-
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
                          AAON, Inc., and Subsidiaries

    Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity and Comprehensive Income
<CAPTION>
                                                                                        Accumulated
                                                                                           Other
                                                Common Stock            Paid-in        Comprehensive       Retained
                                             Shares        Amount       Capital           Income           Earnings         Total
                                         -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                        (in thousands)
<S>                                            <C>         <C>               <C>          <C>                 <C>        <C>
Balance at December 31, 2002                   13,031      $  52             $   -        $    -              $ 62,258   $ 62,310
Net income                                          -          -                 -             -                14,227     14,227
Stock options exercised, including tax
   benefits                                        86          -               811             -                     -        811
Stock repurchased and retired                    (597)        (2)             (811)            -                (9,107)    (9,920)
                                         -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at December 31, 2003                   12,520         50                 -             -                67,378     67,428
Comprehensive income:
Net income                                          -          -                 -             -                 7,521      7,521
Foreign currency translation
   adjustment                                       -          -                 -           247                     -        247
                                                                                                                        ------------
Total comprehensive income                                                                                                  7,768

Stock options exercised, including tax
   benefits                                        95          -               954             -                     -        954
Stock repurchased and retired                    (265)        (1)             (954)            -                (4,024)    (4,979)
                                         -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at December 31, 2004                   12,350         49                 -           247                70,875     71,171
Comprehensive income:
Net income                                          -          -                 -             -                11,462     11,462

Foreign currency translation
   adjustments                                      -          -                 -           266                     -        266
                                                                                                                        ------------
   Total comprehensive income                                                                                              11,728
Stock options exercised, including tax
   benefits                                       162          1              1507             -                     -      1,508
Stock repurchased and retired                    (278)        (1)            (1507)            -                (3,404)    (4,912)
                                         -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at December 31, 2005                   12,234      $  49             $   -        $  513              $ 78,933   $ 79,495
                                         ===========================================================================================
</TABLE>
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.

                                      -28-
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
                          AAON, Inc., and Subsidiaries

                      Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
<CAPTION>
                                                                                Year Ended December 31,
                                                                           2005          2004          2003
                                                                      ------------------------------------------
                                                                                     (in thousands)
<S>                                                                     <C>           <C>           <C>
Operating Activities
   Net income                                                           $ 11,462      $  7,521      $ 14,227
   Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash
     provided by operating activities:
       Depreciation                                                        8,503         5,732         5,435
       Provision for losses on accounts receivable                            68           521           467
       Provision for excess and obsolete inventories, net                      -             -            50
       (Gain)/Loss on disposition of assets                                  130             4           (28)
       Deferred income taxes                                              (1,696)          434         1,957
       Changes in assets and liabilities, net of effects of
         acquisition:
         Accounts receivable                                              (5,366)       (4,002)         (714)
         Inventories                                                      (2,840)         (698)       (5,423)
         Prepaid expenses and other                                         (563)        2,175        (2,054)
         Accounts payable                                                 (1,269)        1,329         3,135
         Accrued liabilities                                               3,537         3,143          (583)
                                                                      ------------------------------------------
Net cash provided by operating activities                                 11,966        16,159        16,469
                                                                      ------------------------------------------

Investing Activities
Cash paid for acquisition                                                      -        (1,778)            -
Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment                           30            13            74
Proceeds from matured certificate of deposit                               3,000        10,000             -
Investment in certificate of deposit                                      (1,000)       (3,000)            -
Notes receivable, long-term                                                  (75)            -             -
Capital expenditures                                                     (10,144)      (16,976)       (7,700)
                                                                      ------------------------------------------
Net cash used in investing activities                                     (8,189)      (11,741)       (7,626)
                                                                      ------------------------------------------

Financing Activities
Borrowings under revolving credit agreement                               21,143        45,471        33,742
Payments under revolving credit agreement                                (21,143)      (50,827)      (31,952)
Payments on long-term debt                                                  (108)            -             -
Stock options exercised                                                      820           478           402
Repurchase of stock                                                       (4,912)       (4,979)       (9,920)
                                                                      ------------------------------------------
Net cash used in financing activities                                     (4,200)       (9,857)       (7,728)
                                                                      ------------------------------------------
Effects of exchange rate of cash                                             266           247             -
                                                                      ------------------------------------------
Net increase (decrease) in cash                                             (157)       (5,192)        1,115
                                                                      ------------------------------------------
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year                                 994         6,186         5,071
                                                                      ------------------------------------------
Cash and cash equivalents, end of year                                  $    837      $    994      $  6,186
                                                                      ==========================================
</TABLE>

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.

                                      -29-
<PAGE>

                          AAON, Inc., and Subsidiaries

                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

                                December 31, 2005

1. Business, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Other Financial Data

AAON, Inc. (the Company, a Nevada corporation) is engaged in the manufacture and
sale of air conditioning and heating equipment consisting of standardized and
custom rooftop units, chillers, air-handling units, make-up air units, heat
recovery units, condensing units and coils, through its wholly-owned
subsidiaries, AAON, Inc. (AAON, an Oklahoma corporation), AAON Coil Products,
Inc. (ACP, a Texas corporation), and AAON Canada, Inc., d/b/a Air Wise (AAON
Canada, an Ontario corporation). AAON Properties Inc., (an Ontario corporation)
is the lessor of property in Burlington, Ontario, Canada, to AAON Canada. The
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its
subsidiaries, AAON, ACP, AAON Canada and AAON Properties Inc. All significant
intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated.

Currency
--------
Foreign currency transactions and financial statements are translated in
accordance with Statement of Financial Standards No. 52, Foreign Currency
Translations. The Company uses the U.S. dollar as its functional currency,
except for the Company's Canadian subsidiaries, which use the Canadian dollar.
Adjustments arising from translation of the Canadian subsidiaries' financial
statements are reflected in accumulated other comprehensive income. Transaction
gains or losses that arise from exchange rate fluctuations applicable to
transactions are denominated in Canadian currency and are included in the
results of operations as incurred.

Use of Estimates
----------------
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts in the consolidated financial
statements and accompanying notes.

The following accounting policies may involve a higher degree of estimation or
assumption:

Allowance for Doubtful Accounts - The Company establishes an allowance for
doubtful accounts based upon factors surrounding the credit risk of specific
customers, historical trends in collections and write-offs, current customer
status, the age of the receivable, economic conditions and other information.
Aged receivables are reviewed on a monthly basis to determine if the reserve is
adequate and adjusted accordingly at that time.

Inventory Reserves - The Company establishes a reserve for inventories based on
the change in inventory requirements due to product line changes, the
feasibility of using obsolete parts for upgraded part substitutions, the
required parts needed for part supply sales, replacement parts and for estimated
shrinkage.

Warranty - A provision is made for estimated warranty costs at the time the
product is shipped and revenue is recognized. The warranty period is: for parts
only, the earlier of one year from the date of first use or 14 months from date
of shipment; compressors (if applicable), an additional four years; on gas-fired
heat exchangers (if applicable), 15 years; and on stainless steel heat
exchangers (if applicable), 25 years. Warranty expense is estimated based on the
Company's warranty period, historical warranty trends and associated costs, and
any known identifiable warranty issue. Due to the absence of warranty history on
new products, an additional provision may be made for such products.

                                      -30-
<PAGE>

1. Business, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Other Financial Data
  (continued)

Medical Insurance - A provision is made for medical costs associated with the
Company's Medical Employee Benefit Plan, which is primarily a self-funded Plan.
A provision is made for estimated medical costs based on historical claims paid
and any known potential of significant future claims. The plan is supplemented
by employee contributions and an excess policy for claims over $100,000 per
claim.

Actual results could differ from those estimates.

Revenue Recognition
-------------------
The Company recognizes revenues from sales of products at the time of shipment.
For sales initiated by independent manufacturer representatives, the Company
recognizes revenues net of the representatives' commission.

Acquisition
-----------
On May 4, 2004, the Company (through AAON Canada, Inc.) acquired certain assets
and assumed certain liabilities of Air Wise Inc. of Mississauga, Ontario, Canada
for a total cost of $1,778,000. Air Wise is engaged in the engineering,
manufacturing, and sale of custom air-handling units, make-up air units and
packaged rooftop units for commercial and industrial buildings. The acquisition
complemented and expanded the products the Company manufactures and adds
significant additional capabilities for future growth. The purchase was paid for
by cash flow generated from operations. Subsequent to May 4, 2004, AAON Canada
Inc.'s activity is included in the Company's results of operations for the years
ended December 31, 2005 and 2004.

The Air Wise acquisition purchase price was allocated as of May 4, 2004, as
follows:
                                                       U.S.
                                                      Dollar
                                               ---------------------
                                                  (in thousands)

       Accounts receivable                              $ 1,087
       Inventory                                            459
       Fixed assets                                         277
       Accrued warranty liability                           (45)
                                               ---------------------
       Total purchase price                             $ 1,778
                                               =====================

The Air Wise acquisition is not material for pro forma disclosure purposes.

On July 29, 2004, the Company (through AAON Properties, Inc.) purchased property
in Burlington, Canada, to relocate AAON Canada Inc. The purchase will allow the
Company to enlarge and further expand its production capabilities. The purchase
price totaled $1,100,000.

                                      -31-
<PAGE>

1. Business, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Other Financial Data
   (continued)

Concentrations
--------------
The Company's customers are concentrated primarily in the domestic commercial
and industrial new construction and replacement markets. To date, virtually all
of the Company's sales have been to the domestic market, with foreign sales
accounting for less than 4% of revenues in 2005. At December 31, 2005 and 2004,
the two customers having the highest account balances represented approximately
1% and 5% respectively, of total accounts receivable.

Sales to customers representing 10% or greater of total sales consist of the
following:
                                              Year Ended December 31,
                                            2005        2004        2003
                                       ---------------------------------------

    Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.                      *         14%         18%

    *Less than 10%


Cash and Cash Equivalents
-------------------------
Cash and cash equivalents consist of bank deposits and highly liquid,
interest-bearing money market funds with initial maturities of three months or
less.

Accounts Receivable
-------------------
The Company grants credit to its customers and performs ongoing credit
evaluations. The Company generally does not require collateral or charge
interest. The Company establishes an allowance for doubtful accounts based upon
factors surrounding the credit risk of specific customers, historical trends,
economic and market conditions and the age of the receivable. Past due accounts
are generally written off against the allowance for doubtful accounts only after
all collection attempts have been exhausted.

Accounts receivable and the related allowance for doubtful accounts are as
follows:
                                                         December 31,
                                                    2005              2004
                                              ---------------------------------
                                                        (in thousands)

Accounts receivable                             $   33,172        $   27,838
Less: allowance for doubtful accounts                 (685)             (717)
                                              ---------------------------------
Total, net                                      $   32,487        $   27,121
                                              =================================

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                 Year Ended December 31,
                                                          2005           2004              2003
                                                   -------------------------------------------------
                                                                    (in thousands)
<S>                                                    <C>            <C>               <C>
Allowance for doubtful accounts:
   Balance, beginning of period                        $   717        $ 1,145           $   860
   Provision for losses on accounts receivable              68            521               467
   Accounts receivable written off, net of
     recoveries                                           (100)          (949)             (182)
                                                   -------------------------------------------------
   Balance, end of period                              $   685        $   717           $ 1,145
                                                   =================================================
</TABLE>

                                      -32-
<PAGE>

1. Business, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Other Financial Data
   (continued)

Inventories
-----------
Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or market. Cost is determined by the
first-in, first-out (FIFO) method. The Company establishes an allowance for
excess and obsolete inventories based on product line changes, the feasibility
of substituting parts and the need for supply and replacement parts. Inventory
balances at December 31, 2005 and 2004, and the related changes in the allowance
for excess and obsolete inventories account for the three years ended December
31, 2005,are as follows:

                                                         December 31,
                                                    2005             2004
                                              --------------------------------
                                                      (in thousands)

Raw materials                                   $ 18,256         $ 16,397
Work in process                                    1,981            2,305
Finished goods                                     3,821            3,216
                                              --------------------------------
                                                  24,058           21,918
Less:  allowance for excess and
       obsolete inventories                         (350)          (1,050)
                                              --------------------------------
Total, net                                      $ 23,708         $ 20,868
                                              ================================

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                  Year Ended December 31,
                                                          2005              2004             2003
                                                     -----------------------------------------------
                                                                       (in thousands)
<S>                                                      <C>               <C>              <C>
Allowance for excess and obsolete inventories:
   Balance, beginning of period                          $ 1,050           $ 1,050          $ 1,000
   Provision for excess and obsolete inventories               -               425              250
   Adjustments to reserve                                   (700)             (425)            (200)
                                                     -----------------------------------------------
   Balance, end of period                                $   350           $ 1,050          $ 1,050
                                                     ===============================================
</TABLE>

At December 31, 2005, the Company had prepaid $776,000 for copper, at 2005
pricing, for 2006 material requirements. This amount is included as prepaid
expenses and other in the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31,
2005.

                                      -33-
<PAGE>

1. Business, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Other Financial Data
   (continued)

Property, Plant and Equipment
-----------------------------
Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost. Maintenance, repairs and
betterments, including replacement of minor items, are charged to expense as
incurred; major additions to physical properties are capitalized. Property,
plant and equipment are depreciated using the straight-line method over the
following estimated useful lives:

                                                          Years
                                                     ---------------
Buildings                                                 10-30
Machinery and equipment                                    3-15
Furniture and fixtures                                      2-5

At December 31, property, plant and equipment were comprised of the following:

                                                  2005            2004
                                             -------------------------------
                                                     (in thousands)

Land                                             $  2,193        $  2,082
Buildings                                          28,953          26,805
Machinery and equipment                            58,983          52,540
Furniture and fixtures                              5,514           4,819
                                             -------------------------------
                                                   95,643          86,246
Less:  accumulated depreciation                   (45,062)        (37,017)
                                             -------------------------------
Total, net                                       $ 50,581        $ 49,229
                                             ===============================

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets
-------------------------------
The Company evaluates long-lived assets for impairment when events or changes in
circumstances indicate, in management's judgment, that the carrying value of
such assets may not be recoverable. When an indicator of impairment has
occurred, management's estimate of undiscounted cash flows attributable to the
assets is compared to the carrying value of the assets to determine whether
impairment has occurred. If an impairment of the carrying value has occurred,
the amount of the impairment recognized in the financial statements is
determined by estimating the fair value of the assets and recording a loss for
the amount that the carrying value exceeds the estimated fair value. Management
determined no impairment was required during 2005 and 2004.

Commitments and Contractual Agreements
--------------------------------------
The Company is a party to several short-term, cancelable, fixed price contracts
with major suppliers for the purchase of raw material and component parts.

The Company has cancelable commitments to purchase machinery and equipment at a
cost of $11.2 million.

                                      -34-
<PAGE>

1. Business, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Other Financial Data
   (continued)

Accrued Liabilities
-------------------
At December 31, accrued liabilities were comprised of the following:

                                                    2005              2004
                                               -------------------------------
                                                       (in thousands)

Warranty                                         $  6,282          $  6,301
Commissions                                         8,037             5,921
Payroll                                             1,215             1,115
Income taxes                                          623               309
Workers' compensation                                 555               457
Medical self-insurance                                664               933
Other                                                 451                33
                                               -------------------------------
Total                                            $ 17,827          $ 15,069
                                               ===============================

Warranties
----------
A provision is made for estimated warranty costs at the time the related
products are sold based upon the warranty period, historical trends, new
products and any known identifiable warranty issues. Warranty expense was $3.6
million, $3.8 million and $3.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2005,
2004 and 2003, respectively.

Changes in the Company's warranty accrual during the years ended December 31,
2005, 2004 and 2003 are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                             2005            2004            2003
                                        ----------------------------------------------
                                                        (in thousands)
<S>                                       <C>             <C>             <C>
Balance, beginning of the year            $  6,301        $  6,020        $  7,220
Warranties accrued during the year           3,622           3,774           3,160
Warranties settled during the year          (3,641)         (3,493)         (4,360)
                                        ----------------------------------------------
                                          $  6,282        $  6,301        $  6,020
                                        ==============================================
</TABLE>

                                      -35-
<PAGE>

1. Business, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Other Financial Data
   (continued)

Earnings Per Share
------------------
Basic earnings per common share are computed by dividing net income by the
weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the year.
Diluted earnings per common share are determined based on the assumed exercise
of dilutive options, as determined by applying the treasury stock method. For
the years ended December 31, 2005, 2004 and 2003, 115,250, 72,250 and 41,250
options, respectively, were anti-dilutive. The weighted average exercise price
of the anti-dilutive options was $18.85 at December 31, 2005, $19.40 at December
31, 2004 and $19.27 for December 31, 2003. The computation of basic and diluted
earnings per share ("EPS") is as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                              Year Ended December 31, 2005
                                              ----------------------------
                                          (in thousands, except per share data)

                                                        Weighted
                                         Net             Average          Per-Share
                                       Income            Shares            Amount
                                    --------------------------------------------------
<S>                                   <C>                 <C>               <C>
Basic EPS                             $  11,462           12,340            $0.93
Effect of dilutive securities                 -              410                -
                                    --------------------------------------------------
Diluted EPS                           $  11,462           12,750            $0.90
                                    ==================================================

                                              Year Ended December 31, 2004
                                              ----------------------------
                                          (in thousands, except per share data)

                                                        Weighted
                                         Net             Average          Per-Share
                                       Income            Shares            Amount
                                    --------------------------------------------------
Basic EPS                             $   7,521           12,435            $0.60
Effect of dilutive securities                 -              488                -
                                    --------------------------------------------------
Diluted EPS                           $   7,521           12,923            $0.58
                                    ==================================================

                                              Year Ended December 31, 2003
                                              ----------------------------
                                          (in thousands, except per share data)

                                                        Weighted
                                         Net             Average          Per-Share
                                       Income            Shares            Amount
                                    --------------------------------------------------
Basic EPS                             $  14,227           12,685            $1.12
Effect of dilutive securities                 -              566                -
                                    --------------------------------------------------
Diluted EPS                           $  14,227           13,251            $1.07
                                    ==================================================
</TABLE>

                                      -36-
<PAGE>

1. Business, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Other Financial Data
   (continued)

Stock Compensation
------------------
The Company maintains a stock option plan for key employees, directors and
consultants, which is described more fully in Note 7. The Company accounts for
the plan under the recognition and measurement principles of APB Opinion No. 25,
Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees, and related Interpretations. No
stock-based employee compensation cost is reflected in net income, as all
options granted under the plan qualify for "fixed" plan accounting and had an
exercise price equal to the market value of the underlying common stock on the
date of grant. The effect on net income and earnings per share if the Company
had applied the fair value recognition provisions of SFAS No. 123, Accounting
for Stock-Based Compensation, to stock-based employee compensation is as
follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                        Year Ended December 31,
                                                               2005              2004              2003
                                                          ----------------------------------------------------
                                                                 (in thousands except per share data)
<S>                                                          <C>              <C>                <C>
Net income, as reported                                      $  11,462        $   7,521          $  14,227
Deduct: Total stock-based employee compensation expense
   determined under fair value method for all awards,
   net of related tax effects                                     (438)            (298)              (611)
                                                          ----------------------------------------------------
Pro forma net income                                         $  11,024        $   7,223          $  13,616
                                                          ====================================================

Earnings per share:
   Basic, as reported                                        $    0.93        $    0.60          $    1.12
                                                          ====================================================
   Basic, pro forma                                          $    0.89        $    0.58          $    1.07
                                                          ====================================================

   Diluted, as reported                                      $    0.90        $    0.58          $    1.07
                                                          ====================================================
   Diluted, pro forma                                        $    0.86        $    0.56          $    1.03
                                                          ====================================================
</TABLE>

Advertising
-----------
Advertising costs are expensed as incurred. Advertising expense was $506,000,
$615,000 and $781,000 for the years ending December 31, 2005, 2004 and 2003,
respectively.

Research and Development
------------------------
Research and development costs are expensed as incurred. Research and
development expense was $1,681,000, $1,072,000 and $837,000 for the years ending
December 31, 2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively.

Shipping and Handling
---------------------
The Company incurs shipping and handling costs in the distribution of products
sold that are recorded in cost of sales. Shipping charges that are billed to the
customer are recorded in revenues.

                                      -37-
<PAGE>

1. Business, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Other Financial Data
   (continued)

New Accounting Pronouncements
-----------------------------
FASB (Financial Accounting Standards Board) Statement 123 (R) replaces FASB
Statement No.123, Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation, and supersedes APB
Opinion No. 25, Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees. The Statement requires
measurement of the cost of employee services received in exchange for an award
of equity instruments based on the grant-date fair value of the award. The
compensation cost will be recognized over the period of time during which an
employee is required to provide service in exchange for the award, which will be
the vesting period. The Statement applies to all awards granted and any unvested
awards at December 31, 2005. SFAS 123 (R) will be effective for the Company for
interim reporting beginning after December 31, 2005. The Company is considering
which valuation model it will adopt and, therefore, has not determined the
impact future grants will have on the financial statements. Existing grants will
result in compensation expenses being recorded similar in nature to the amounts
disclosed in the pro forma information in footnote 1.

FASB Statement 151, "Inventory Costs", replaces "Accounting Research Bulletin
No. 43, Chapter 4, Inventory Pricing". The Statement requires that abnormal
amounts of idle facility expense, freight, handling costs and spoilage should be
expensed as incurred and not included in overhead as an inventory cost. The new
statement also requires that allocation of fixed production overhead costs
should be based on normal capacity of the production facilities. The Statement
is effective January 1, 2006. The Company does not expect the adoption of this
statement to have a material impact on its Consolidated Financial Statements.

Segments
--------
The Company operates under one reportable segment as defined in SFAS 131,
Disclosures about Segments of an Enterprise and Related Information.

Reclassifications
-----------------
Income Statement reclassifications were made for years ended December 31, 2004
and 2003, to conform to the 2005 presentation. The reclassifications had no
affect on Net Income.


2. Supplemental Cash Flow Information

Interest payments of $16,000, $38,000 and $21,000 were made during the years
ending December 31, 2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively. Payments for income taxes
of $7,189,000, $3,977,000 and $6,750,000 were made during the years ending
December 31, 2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively.


3. Certificate of Deposit

At December 31, 2005, the Company had invested $1 million in a 30-day
certificate of deposit that bears interest at 4% per annum. On June 12, 2004,
the Company had a $10 million certificate of deposit that matured bearing
interest at 3.25% per annum. Proceeds of $7 million were used for cash flow
purposes and a reinvestment of $3 million, and various amounts throughout the
remainder of the year, were invested in 30-day certificate of deposits. At
December 31, 2004, the Company had invested $3 million in a 30-day certificate
of deposit bearing interest at 1.9% annum.


4. Revolving Credit Facility

The Company has a $15,150,000 unsecured bank line of credit that matures July
30, 2006. The line of credit requires that the Company maintain certain
financial ratios and prohibits the declaration or payments of dividends. At
December 31, 2005, the Company was in compliance with its financial ratio
covenants. On February 14, 2006, the Board of Directors voted to initiate a
semi-annual cash dividend of $0.20 per share to the holders of the outstanding
Common Stock of the Company as of the close of business on June 12, 2006, the
record date, payable on July 3, 2006. The restriction of payments of dividends
has been waived by the lender. Borrowings under the credit facility bear
interest at prime rate less 0.5% or at LIBOR plus 1.60%. At December 31, 2005,
the Company had no borrowings under the revolving credit facility. Borrowings
available under the revolving credit facility at December 31, 2005 and 2004 were
$14.6 million. In addition, the Company had a $600,000 bank Letter of Credit at
December 31, 2005 and 2004, and the December 31, 2005, bank letter of credit
will expire December 31, 2006. The Company plans to renew its revolving credit
agreement in July 2006.

                                      -38-

<PAGE>

5. Debt

Long-term debt at December 31, 2005, consisted of notes payable totaling $59,000
due in 2007, net of $108,000 current liability, which were due in monthly
installments of $9,004, with an interest rate of 3.53%, related to a computer
capital lease.


6. Income Taxes

The Company follows the liability method of accounting for income taxes, which
provides that deferred tax liabilities and assets are based on the difference
between the financial statement and income tax bases of assets and liabilities
using currently enacted tax rates.

The income tax provision consists of the following:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                 Year Ending December 31,
                                                             2005           2004          2003
                                                         ------------------------------------------
                                                                      (in thousands)
<S>                                                       <C>            <C>           <C>
         Current                                          $  8,566       $  4,424      $  5,669
         Deferred                                           (1,696)           434         1,957
                                                         ------------------------------------------
                                                          $  6,870       $  4,858      $  7,626
                                                         ==========================================
</TABLE>

The reconciliation of the federal statutory income tax rate to the effective
income tax rate is as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                 Year Ending December 31,
                                                             2005           2004          2003
                                                         ------------------------------------------
<S>                                                            <C>            <C>           <C>
         Federal statutory rate                                35%            35%           35%
         State income taxes, net of federal benefit             4%             5%            4%
         Other                                                 (2%)           (1%)          (4%)
                                                         ------------------------------------------
                                                               37%            39%           35%
                                                         ==========================================
</TABLE>

The tax effect of temporary differences giving rise to the Company's deferred
income taxes at December 31 is as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                             2005         2004        2003
                                                          -------------------------------------
                                                                     (in thousands)
<S>                                                        <C>          <C>         <C>
       Deferred current tax assets and liabilities
       relating to:
         Valuation reserves                                $    391     $    670    $    900
         Warranty accrual                                     2,284        2,283       2,342
         Depreciation                                             3            -           -
         Other accruals                                       1,170          553         253
         Other, net                                              29           31          37
                                                          -------------------------------------
                                                           $  3,877     $  3,537    $  3,532
                                                          =====================================

       Deferred long-term tax assets and liabilities
       relating to:
         Depreciation and amortization                     $  5,030     $  5,830    $  5,391
         NOL                                                   (695)
         Other, net                                             139            -           -
                                                          -------------------------------------
                                                           $  4,474     $  5,830    $  5,391
                                                          =====================================
</TABLE>

The NOL Deferred Tax Asset relates to AAON Canada and expires in ten years.

                                      -39-
<PAGE>

7. Benefit Plans

The Company's stock option plan provided for 2,925,000 shares of common stock to
be issued under the plan. Under the terms of the plan, the exercise price of
shares granted may not be less than 85% of the fair market value at the date of
the grant. Options granted to directors prior to May 25, 2004, vest one year
from the date of grant and are exercisable for nine years thereafter. Options
granted to directors on or after May 25, 2004, vest one-third each after 1-3
years. All other options granted vest at a rate of 20% per year, commencing one
year after date of grant, and are exercisable during years 2-10. At December 31,
2005, 180,661 shares were available for future option grants. For the years
ended December 31, 2005 and 2004, the Company reduced its income tax payable by
$750,000 and $476,000, respectively, as a result of nonqualified stock options
exercised under the Company's stock option plan. The number and exercise price
of options granted were as follows:
                                                                  Weighted
                                                                  Average
                                                 Number         Exercise Price
                                                Of Shares         Per Share
                                            ------------------------------------
Outstanding at December 31, 2002                1,277,543           $ 5.33
  Granted                                          56,250            13.53
  Exercised                                       (85,818)            4.69
  Cancelled                                       (20,645)            8.71
                                            ------------------------------------
Outstanding at December 31, 2003                1,227,330           $ 5.70
  Granted                                          31,000            19.58
  Exercised                                       (94,950)            4.99
  Cancelled                                        (3,600)            5.78
                                            ------------------------------------
Outstanding at December 31, 2004                1,159,780           $ 6.13
  Granted                                         133,000            16.63
  Exercised                                      (162,400)            5.05
  Cancelled                                       (16,700)            8.37
                                            ------------------------------------
Outstanding at December 31, 2005                1,113,680           $ 7.51
                                            ====================================

The weighted-average grant date fair value for options granted during 2005,
2004, and 2003 was $7.72, $9.84 and $6.47, respectively.

The following is a summary of stock options outstanding as of December 31, 2005:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                      Options Outstanding                           Options Exercisable
                       --------------------------------------------------    ---------------------------------
                            Number                          Weighted                               Weighted
                        Outstanding at     Weighted          Average                Number          Average
      Range of           December 31,      Average          Remaining           Exercisable at     Exercise
   Exercise Prices           2005       Exercise Price   Contractual Life     December 31, 2005      Price
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                        <C>            <C>                  <C>                <C>               <C>
    2.28 - 3.39            403,375        $  3.00              1.18               403,375           $  3.00
    4.00 - 5.78            350,305           5.07              3.30               350,305              5.07
    8.44 - 12.36            96,750           9.55              5.25                79,650              9.56
   13.40 - 16.94           148,000          15.47              8.21                32,400             14.18
   17.10 - 20.40           115,250          18.74              7.90                50,530             19.33
                       ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
        Total            1,113,680        $  7.51                                 916,260           $  5.66
                       ========================================================================================
</TABLE>

                                      -40-
<PAGE>

7.  Benefit Plans (continued)

For purposes of the stock compensation information presented in Note 1, the fair
value of each option grant is estimated on the date of grant using the
Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following weighted average
assumptions:

                                            2005          2004         2003
                                      ---------------------------------------
    Expected dividend yield                    0%            0%           0%
    Expected volatility                    32.15%        36.70%       37.80%
    Risk-free interest rate                 4.39%         4.24%        3.73%
    Expected life                           8 yrs         8 yrs        8 yrs

The Company sponsors a defined contribution benefit plan. Employees may make
contributions at a minimum of 1% and a maximum of 50% of compensation. The
Company may, on a discretionary basis, contribute a Company matching
contribution of 100% of the salary deferral up to 3%. After January 1, 2006, the
Company matching increased to 50% of the salary deferral up to the first 7% of
compensation. In addition, effective May 30, 2005, the Plan was amended to
provide for automatic enrollment in the Plan and provided for an automatic
increase to the deferral percent at January 1st of each year and each year
thereafter, unless the employee elects to decline the automatic increase.
Beginning with pay periods after May 30, 2005, the one year enrollment waiting
period was waived. The Company made matching contributions of $700,000, $546,000
and $585,000 in 2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively.

The Company maintains a discretionary profit sharing bonus plan under which 10%
of pre-tax profit at each subsidiary is paid to eligible employees on a
quarterly basis. Profit sharing expense was $2,075,000, $1,408,000 and
$2,428,000 for the years ended December 31, 2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively.


8.  Stockholder Rights Plan

During 1999, the Board of Directors adopted a Stockholder Rights Plan (the
"Plan"), which was amended in 2002. Under the Plan, stockholders of record on
March 1, 1999, received a dividend of one right per share of the Company's
common stock. Stock issued after March 1, 1999, contains a notation
incorporating the rights. Each right entitles the holder to purchase one
one-thousandth (1/1,000) of a share of Series A Preferred Stock at an exercise
price of $90. The rights are traded with the Company's common stock. The rights
become exercisable after a person has acquired, or a tender offer is made for,
15% or more of the common stock of the Company. If either of these events
occurs, upon exercise the holder (other than a holder owning more than 15% of
the outstanding stock) will receive the number of shares of the Company's common
stock having a market value equal to two times the exercise price.

The rights may be redeemed by the Company for $0.001 per right until a person or
group has acquired 15% of the Company's common stock. The rights expire on
August 20, 2012.


9.  Contingencies

The Company is subject to claims and legal actions that arise in the ordinary
course of business. Management believes that the ultimate liability, if any,
will not have a material effect on the Company's results of operations or
financial position.


10. Subsequent Events

On February 14, 2006, the Board of Directors voted to initiate a semi-annual
cash dividend of $0.20 per share to the holders of the outstanding common stock
of the Company as of the close of business on June 12, 2006, the record date,
payable on July 3, 2006. As of December 31, 2005, the Company's revolving credit
facility prohibited payment of dividends. The restriction has since been waived.

The Board also approved the suspension of the Company's current stock repurchase
program (for 1,325,000 shares), on which a balance of 67,136 shares remains to
be bought.

                                      -41-
<PAGE>

11. Quarterly Results (Unaudited)

The following is a summary of the quarterly results of operations for the years
ending December 31, 2005 and 2004:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                     Quarter Ended
                                         March 31         June 30          September 30           December 31
                                       ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                         (in thousands, except per share data)
<S>                                      <C>             <C>                 <C>                   <C>
2005
Net sales                                $ 42,780        $ 45,394            $ 48,136              $ 48,885
Gross profit                               10,050           8,372               8,643                 8,226
Net income                                  3,287           3,125               2,766                 2,284
Earnings per share:
   Basic                                     0.27            0.25                0.22                  0.19
   Diluted                                   0.26            0.24                0.22                  0.18

                                                                     Quarter Ended
                                         March 31         June 30          September 30           December 31
                                       ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                         (in thousands, except per share data)
2004
Net sales                                $ 37,200        $ 42,662            $ 47,387              $ 44,636
Gross profit                                7,593           6,161               5,962                 7,148
Net income                                  2,337           1,571               1,527                 2,086
Earnings per share:
   Basic                                     0.19            0.13                0.12                  0.17
   Diluted                                   0.18            0.12                0.12                  0.16
</TABLE>

                                      -42-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
