<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K405
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>l86831ae10-k405.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CENTURY BUSINESS SERVICES, INC.    10-K405
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

                                   FORM 10-K

(MARK ONE)

[X]ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT
   OF 1934

                 For the Fiscal Year ended December 31, 2000 or

[ ]TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
   ACT OF 1934

         FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM                TO                .

                           COMMISSION FILE NUMBER 0-25890

                          CENTURY BUSINESS SERVICES, INC.
               (EXACT NAME OF REGISTRANT AS SPECIFIED IN ITS CHARTER)

<TABLE>
<S>                                             <C>
                  DELAWARE                                       22-2769024
--------------------------------------------    --------------------------------------------
        (State or other jurisdiction                 (IRS Employer Identification No.)
     of incorporation or organization)

       6480 ROCKSIDE WOODS BOULEVARD
              SOUTH, SUITE 330
              CLEVELAND, OHIO                                      44131
--------------------------------------------    --------------------------------------------
  (Address of principal executive offices)                       (Zip Code)
</TABLE>

                                 (216) 447-9000
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
               Registrant's telephone number, including area code

        SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OF THE ACT: NONE

          SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(g) OF THE ACT:
                          COMMON STOCK, PAR VALUE $.01
                                (TITLE OF CLASS)

                   Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered:
                            The Nasdaq Stock Market

     Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes [X]  No [ ]

     Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item
405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of Registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K.  [X]

     The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of
the Registrant is approximately $152 million as of March 23, 2001. The number of
outstanding shares of the Registrant's common stock is 95,479,629 shares as of
March 23, 2001.

                      DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Part III Portions of the Registrant's Definitive Proxy Statement relative to the
         2001 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.

Part IV Portions of previously filed reports and registration statements.
<PAGE>   2

                        CENTURY BUSINESS SERVICES, INC.

                           ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K

                  FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000

                               TABLE OF CONTENTS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                    PAGE
                                                                                    ----
<S>                   <C>                                                           <C>
PART I
     Items 1 and      Business and Properties.....................................
       2.                                                                             3
     Item 3.          Legal Proceedings...........................................   12
     Item 4.          Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.........   14

PART II
     Item 5.          Market for Registrant's Common Stock and Related Stockholder
                      Matters.....................................................   15
     Item 6.          Selected Financial Data.....................................   16
     Item 7.          Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
                      and Results of Operations...................................   17
     Item 7A.         Quantitative and Qualitative Information About Market
                      Risk........................................................   23
     Item 8.          Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.................   23
     Item 9.          Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting
                      and Financial Disclosure....................................   23

PART III
     Item 10.         Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant..........   24
     Item 11.         Executive Compensation......................................   27
     Item 12.         Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
                      Management..................................................   27
     Item 13.         Certain Relationships and Related Transactions..............   27

PART IV
     Item 14.         Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules and Reports on Form
                      8-K.........................................................   27
</TABLE>

                                        2
<PAGE>   3

     THE FOLLOWING TEXT IS QUALIFIED IN ITS ENTIRETY BY REFERENCE TO THE MORE
DETAILED INFORMATION AND CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (INCLUDING THE NOTES
THERETO) APPEARING ELSEWHERE IN THIS ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K. UNLESS THE
CONTEXT OTHERWISE REQUIRES, REFERENCES IN THIS ANNUAL REPORT TO "WE", "OUR",
"CBIZ", OR THE "COMPANY" SHALL MEAN CENTURY BUSINESS SERVICES, INC., A DELAWARE
CORPORATION, AND ITS OPERATING SUBSIDIARIES.

                                     PART I

ITEMS 1 AND 2. BUSINESS AND PROPERTIES

OVERVIEW

     CBIZ is a diversified services company which, acting through its
subsidiaries, provides professional outsourced business services primarily to
small and medium-sized businesses, as well as individuals, governmental entities
and not-for-profit enterprises throughout the United States and in Toronto,
Canada. Historically, CBIZ operated under four divisions. Beginning in 2001,
CBIZ expects to deliver integrated services through the following divisions:

          - Business Solutions;

          - Benefits and Insurance; and

          - National Practices.

     CBIZ provides services through a network of more than 200 offices in 35
states, Washington D.C., and Toronto, Canada.

     Formed as a Delaware corporation in 1987 under the name Stout Associates,
CBIZ was acquired by Republic Industries, Inc. in 1992. In April 1995, Republic
spun-off its hazardous waste operations, including CBIZ's predecessor company to
stockholders. Re-named Republic Environmental Systems, Inc., CBIZ began trading
on the Nasdaq National Market under the symbol "RESI" until June 24, 1996, when
it began trading under the symbol "IASI" in anticipation of the merger with
Century Surety Company and Commercial Surety Agency, Inc., which resulted in a
change of its name to International Alliance Services, Inc." This name change
signaled a move away from the hazardous waste business. CBIZ divested all
remaining hazardous waste operations in 1997. On December 23, 1997, CBIZ changed
its name to Century Business Services, Inc. and began trading under the symbol
"CBIZ."

     CBIZ initiated an acquisition program in November 1996 to expand its
operations in the professional outsourced business services industry. Since that
time, CBIZ has acquired the businesses of 144 companies, two of which were
acquired in 2000. The majority of acquisitions made since CBIZ's inception were
accounted for under the purchase method of accounting, resulting in significant
increases to goodwill, (which is the excess of purchase price over the fair
value of net assets of businesses acquired). At December 31, 2000, CBIZ had a
net goodwill balance of $281.3 million, representing approximately 43% of its
consolidated total assets.

     CBIZ's principal executive office is located at 6480 Rockside Woods Blvd.,
South, Suite 330, Cleveland, Ohio 44131 and its telephone number is
216-447-9000.

BUSINESS STRATEGY

     CBIZ's business strategy is to grow in the professional outsourced business
services industry by:

          - cross-serving CBIZ's business services to its existing customer
            base;

          - attracting new customers with its diverse business services
            offerings; and

                                        3
<PAGE>   4

          - realizing economies of scale through the integration of its business
            services to combine its purchasing of products and services on a
            national scale and reduce the costs of those products and services
            as a result of volume discounts.

     Providing a range of outsourced business services to a client results in
efficiencies for both the client and for CBIZ. For example, CBIZ can process
time and attendance data to calculate and produce employee paychecks, direct
deposits and reports for its clients. CBIZ's system is highly configurable to
meet the specialized needs of each client yet maintains the ability to provide
high-volume processing. CBIZ's system integrates with the client's general
ledger, human resources and time attendance systems. The ability to converge
several services and offer them through one provider is more convenient for the
client and distinguishes CBIZ from most other outsourced business services
providers.

     Although CBIZ's acquisition program has significantly slowed down due to
its focus on integrating its acquired businesses, CBIZ may from time to time
target acquisitions in markets where it currently operates and where the
prospects are favorable to increase its market share to become a significant
provider of a comprehensive range of outsourced business services. CBIZ's
strategy is to acquire companies that generally:

          - have a strong potential for cross-serving among CBIZ's subsidiaries;

          - have strong and energetic entrepreneurial leadership;

          - have historic and expected future internal growth; and

          - add to the level and breadth of services offered by CBIZ thereby
            enhancing its competitive advantage over other outsourced business
            services providers.

ACQUISITIONS

     During fiscal 2000, CBIZ acquired two businesses that were accounted for
under the purchase method of accounting. The aggregate purchase price of these
acquisitions was approximately $2.5 million, comprised of $1.4 million in cash,
a $0.8 million note payable and 39,209 shares of restricted common stock with
and estimated fair value of $0.3 million at acquisition. The aggregate purchase
price has been allocated to the net assets of the acquired companies based upon
their respective fair market values. The excess of the purchase price over fair
value of net assets acquired (goodwill) approximated $3.4 million and is being
amortized over a 15-year period. As a result of the nature of the assets and
liabilities of the businesses acquired, there were no material identifiable
intangible assets or liabilities.

     During 1999, Century acquired the businesses of 35 complementary companies.
These acquisitions were comprised as follows:

          - Business Solutions -- twenty-one acquisitions

          - Benefits, Insurance, Wealth Management, and Payroll
            Solutions -- eleven acquisitions

          - Performance Consulting Solutions -- one acquisition

          - Technology Solutions -- two acquisitions

     Thirty of the acquisitions were accounted for under the purchase method of
accounting, and accordingly, the operating results of the acquired companies
have been included in the accompanying consolidated financial statements since
the dates of acquisition. The aggregate purchase price of these acquisitions was
approximately $77.7 million, comprised of $29.7 million in cash, $0.5 million in
assumed liabilities, and 5.6 million shares of restricted common stock
(estimated fair value of $47.5 million at acquisition). The aggregate purchase
price excludes future contingent consideration of up to $21.7 million, comprised
of $10.1 million in cash and notes and 1.5 million shares of restricted common
stock (estimated stock value of $11.6 million at acquisition), which is based on
the acquired companies' ability to meet or exceed certain performance goals. The
aggregate purchase price, excluding future contingent consideration, has been
allocated to the net assets of the acquired companies based upon their
respective fair market values. The excess of the purchase price over fair value
of net assets acquired (goodwill) approximated $71.9 million and is being
amortized over 15 years. As a result of the nature of

                                        4
<PAGE>   5

the assets and liabilities of the businesses acquired, there were no material
identifiable intangible assets or liabilities. The remaining five acquisitions
were accounted for under the pooling-of-interests method of accounting. Century
exchanged 6.7 million shares of its common stock for all of the respective
common stock of these five combined entities. See Note 2 to the consolidated
financial statements contained herein.

OUTSOURCED BUSINESS SERVICES

     Through its subsidiaries, CBIZ provides a wide range of integrated services
primarily to small and medium-sized businesses, as well as individuals,
governmental entities and not-for-profit enterprises throughout the United
States and in Toronto, Canada. CBIZ's goal is to be a leading provider of
outsourced business services within its target markets. CBIZ's strategies to
achieve this goal include:

          - providing clients with a broad range of high-quality products and
            services; and

          - expanding locally through internal growth by:

             - increasing the number of clients it serves;

             - increasing the number of services it provides to existing
               clients; and

             - from time to time, completing acquisitions to enhance its
               national presence or expand its service offerings in a target
               market.

     The following is a description of the outsourced business services
currently offered by CBIZ.

     Business Solutions. The business units that comprise CBIZ's Business
Solutions division offer services in the following areas: tax planning and
preparation; cash flow management; strategic planning; consulting; record-
keeping; federal, state and local tax return preparation; tax planning based on
financial and investment alternatives; tax structuring of business transactions
such as mergers and acquisitions; quarterly and year-end payroll tax reporting;
corporate, partnership and fiduciary tax planning and return preparation;
outsourced chief financial officer services and other financial staff services;
financial investment analysis, succession, retirement, and estate planning; and
profitability, operational and efficiency enhancement consulting to a number of
specialized industries. CBIZ does not currently offer audit services, does not
intend to offer audit services in the future and does not purchase the "audit
divisions" of any accounting businesses it acquires. However, CBIZ and its
subsidiaries maintain joint-referral relationships and service agreements with
licensed Certified Public Accounting or CPA firms under which services may be
provided to its clients.

     Under these service agreements with licensed CPA firms, CBIZ subsidiaries
provide administrative services, including office, bookkeeping, accounting and
other administrative services, preparing marketing and promotion materials, and
leasing administrative and professional staff, in exchange for a fee. The CPA
firms with which CBIZ and its subsidiaries maintain such agreements are, for
example, those that have reorganized in order to merge their non-attest
(Non-attest business services include, any services other than those which only
licensed certified public accountants, licensed public accountants, or licensed
CPA or PA firms may perform in accordance with accountancy laws) business
services activities with and into CBIZ subsidiaries. Under these agreements,
each party has agreed to maintain its own liability and risk of loss in
connection with performance of its respective services. Provisions of the
services agreements between CBIZ and its subsidiaries and the licensed firms
with which it maintains such agreements may constrain CBIZ's flexibility to
modify its operational structure in order to respond to changes in the
regulatory environment. Limitations on CBIZ's ability to comply with applicable
laws could impair its relationship with the licensed firms or their clients,
harm CBIZ's business or reduce its revenues or earnings. Legislative changes may
also expand or contract the types and amounts of business services that are
required by individuals and businesses. There can be no assurance that future
laws will provide the same or similar opportunities for business consulting and
management services to individuals and businesses that exist today. See "Risk
Factors -- Restrictions imposed by independence requirements and conflict of
interest rules limit the clients to whom we and attest firms with which we have
contractual relationships may provide attestation services."

     Benefits and Insurance Services. The business units that comprise CBIZ's
Benefits and Insurance division offer services in the following areas: employee
benefits, brokerage, consulting, and administration, including the

                                        5
<PAGE>   6

design, implementation and administration of qualified plans, such as 401(k)
plans, profit sharing plans, defined benefit plans, and money purchase plans;
actuarial services; health and welfare benefits consulting, including group
health insurance plans; dental and vision care programs; group life insurance
programs; accidental death and dismemberment and disability programs; COBRA
administration and voluntary insurance programs; health care and dependent care
spending accounts; premium reimbursement plans; communications services to
inform and educate employees about their benefit programs; executive benefits
consulting on non-qualified retirement plans and business continuation plans;
and wealth management services, including Registered Investment Advisory
Services, Investment Policy Statements, also known as IPS, mutual fund selection
based on IPS and ongoing mutual fund monitoring.

     National Practices. The business units that comprise CBIZ's National
Practices division offer services in the following areas: payroll processing and
administration; valuations of commercial, tangible, and intangible assets and
financial securities; mergers and acquisitions and capital advisory services,
physician practice management, health care consulting, and government relations;
performance consulting; and technology consulting, including strategic
technology planning, project management, development, network design and
implementation and software, selection and implementation.

SALES AND MARKETING NETWORK AND ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT

     CBIZ's key competitive factors in obtaining clients for business services
are:

          - established relationships and the ability to match client
            requirements with available services; and

          - products at competitive prices.

     CBIZ believes that by combining a local entrepreneurial marketing strategy
and the name and resources of a nationally branded company, it will be able to
maximize its market penetration. CBIZ expects that as it expands through
internal growth and acquisitions, it can take advantage of economies of scale in
purchasing a range of services and products and cross-serving new products and
services to existing clients who do not currently utilize all of the services
CBIZ offers.

COMPETITION

     The professional outsourced business services industry is a highly
fragmented and competitive industry, with a majority of industry participants,
such as accounting, employee benefits, payroll firms or professional employee
organizations, offering only one or a limited number of services. Competition is
based primarily on customer relationships, range and quality of services or
product offerings, customer service, timeliness and geographic proximity. CBIZ
competes with a small number of multi-location regional or national operators
and a large number of relatively small independent operators in local markets.
CBIZ's competitors in the professional outsourced business services industry
include independent consulting services companies, divisions of diversified
enterprises, insurance carriers and banks. Some of these competitors are public
companies and some may have greater financial resources than CBIZ.

     CBIZ believes that it will be able to compete effectively based on its:

          - broad range of high-quality services and products;

          - knowledgeable and trained personnel;

          - entrepreneurial culture;

          - large number of locations;

          - focused target on the mid-market businesses; and

          - operational economies of scale.

CUSTOMERS

     CBIZ provides professional outsourced business services to over 68,000
business clients. CBIZ's clients typically have fewer than 500 employees and
prefer to focus their resources on operational competencies while allowing CBIZ
to provide non-core administrative functions. In many instances, outsourcing
administrative

                                        6
<PAGE>   7

functions allows clients to enhance productivity, reduce costs and improve
service, quality and efficiency by focusing on the client's core business.
Depending on a client's size and capabilities, it may choose to utilize some or
many of CBIZ's broad array of services, which it typically accesses through a
single CBIZ representative.

     None of CBIZ's major business services groups has a single homogeneous
client base. Rather, CBIZ's clients come from a large variety of industries and
markets, and no one customer individually comprises more than 3% of CBIZ's total
consolidated revenue. Management believes that such diversity helps insulate
CBIZ from a downturn in a particular industry. In addition, CBIZ's clients are
focused on quality and quantity of services and established relationships.
Nevertheless, economic conditions among selected clients and groups of clients
may have an impact on the demand for such services.

REGULATION

     CBIZ's outsourced business services are vulnerable to legislative changes,
particularly with respect to provisions relating to payroll, benefits
administration and insurance services, pension plan administration, tax and
accounting. Accountancy laws, regulations and codes of ethics could change or be
interpreted in a manner that restricts CBIZ's operations. CBIZ cannot ensure
that any changes in the laws, regulations or codes of ethics of any state, their
interpretations, state enforcement policies and practices and other elements of
the regulatory environment will not materially restrict CBIZ's operations.
Accordingly, CBIZ's ability to continue to operate in, or expand its operations
in or to, some states may depend on its flexibility to modify its operational
structure in response to these changes.

LIABILITY INSURANCE

     CBIZ carries commercial general, automobile, workers' compensation, errors
and omission, directors and officers, fiduciary, and employer's liability
insurance as required by law in the various states in which operations are
conducted and umbrella policies to provide excess limits of liability over the
underlying limits contained in the commercial general liability, automobile
liability and employer's liability policies.

EMPLOYEES

     At December 31, 2000, CBIZ employed approximately 5,300 employees. CBIZ
believes that is has a good relationship with its employees.

SEASONALITY

     CBIZ's accounting and tax practice is subject to seasonality related to the
heavy volume of tax return preparation in the first four months of the year.
CBIZ estimates that its accounting and tax practice generates approximately 30%
of its revenue in the first quarter of the year.

PROPERTIES

     CBIZ's corporate headquarters are located at 6480 Rockside Woods Blvd.,
South, Suite 330, Cleveland, Ohio 44131, in leased premises. Some of CBIZ's
property and equipment are subject to liens securing payment of indebtedness of
CBIZ and its subsidiaries. CBIZ and its subsidiaries also lease over 200 offices
in 35 states and one in Toronto, Canada, as well as office equipment and company
vehicles. CBIZ believes that its facilities are sufficient for its needs.

UNCERTAINTY OF FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

     This Annual Report contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning
of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934. All statements other than statements of historical fact
included in this Annual Report, including without limitation, "Business and
Properties" and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations" regarding CBIZ's financial position, business strategy
and plans and objectives for future performance are

                                        7
<PAGE>   8

forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are commonly identified
by the use of such terms and phrases as "intends," "believes," "estimates,"
"expects," "projects," "anticipates," "foreseeable future," "seeks," and words
or phases of similar import. Such statements are subject to certain risks,
uncertainties or assumptions. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties
materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results
may vary materially from those anticipated, estimated or projected. Key factors
that could cause CBIZ's results of operations and financial condition to differ
materially from the results discussed in the forward looking statements included
below under "Risk Factors."

RISK FACTORS

     The following factors may affect our actual operating results and could
cause results to differ materially from those in any forward-looking statements.
There may be other factors, and new risk factors may emerge in the future. You
should carefully consider the following information.

  WE ARE DEPENDENT ON THE CURRENT TREND OF OUTSOURCING BUSINESS SERVICES.

     Our business and growth depend in large part on the trend toward
outsourcing business services. We can give you no assurance that this trend in
outsourcing will continue. Current and potential customers may elect to perform
such services with their own employees. A significant reversal of, or a decline
in, this trend would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations.

  WE EXPERIENCE SLOWER COLLECTIONS IN OUR PROFESSIONAL SERVICES OPERATIONS,
WHICH MAY AFFECT OUR LIQUIDITY.

     Professional services firms like us often experience higher average
accounts receivable days outstanding than businesses in many other industries.
We are working to reduce the average number of days outstanding for our accounts
receivable. If we are unable to reduce the amount of time it takes to collect
for services rendered, our liquidity may be adversely affected.

  WE ARE DEPENDENT ON THE SERVICES OF OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS.

     Our success depends in large part upon the abilities and continued service
of our executive officers and other key employees. We cannot assure you that we
will be able to retain the services of our executive officers and other key
employees. If we cannot retain the services of our executive officers and other
key personnel, there could be a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations. We generally have employment
agreements and non-competition agreements with key personnel. Courts, however,
are at times reluctant to enforce such non-competition agreements. In addition,
many of our executive officers and other key personnel are either participants
in our stock option plan or holders of a significant amount of our common stock.
We believe that these interests provide additional incentives for these key
employees to remain with us. In order to support our growth, we will need to
effectively recruit, hire, train and retain additional qualified management
personnel. Our inability to attract and retain necessary personnel could have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
operations.

  WE MAY NOT REALIZE THE VALUE OF OUR GOODWILL.

     Acquisitions have resulted in significant amounts of goodwill on our
financial statements. Goodwill is the excess of the purchase price over the fair
value of the net identifiable assets of the businesses that we have acquired. We
anticipate that such increases will continue if we make future acquisitions. At
December 31, 2000, goodwill was $281.3 million. During the fourth quarter of
2000, CBIZ wrote down the value of its goodwill by $75.4 million. Of this total,
$48.2 million was related to impairment at 11 business units, and $27.2 million
resulting from the divestiture of two business units and the planned divestiture
of two additional business units. We may not realize the full value of our
remaining goodwill, and further adjustments are possible. Any future
determination requiring a write-off of a significant portion of goodwill could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations.

                                        8
<PAGE>   9

  WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO ACQUIRE AND FINANCE ADDITIONAL BUSINESSES.

     We completed a significant number of acquisitions from 1996 to 1999. While
we have significantly slowed our strategic acquisition program, we would like to
continue to grow through acquisitions of complementary businesses. However, we
cannot be certain that we will be able to continue identifying appropriate
acquisition candidates and acquire them on satisfactory terms. We cannot assure
you that such acquisitions, even if obtained, will perform as expected or will
contribute significant revenues or profits. In addition, we may also face
increased competition for acquisition opportunities, which may inhibit our
ability to complete transactions on terms that are favorable to us.

     We have traditionally financed our acquisitions by using our common stock
as a significant portion of the purchase price. However, as the value of our
common stock has markedly declined, or if potential acquisition candidates are
otherwise unwilling to accept common stock as a part of the purchase price, then
we may have to use more of our cash resources, to acquire new businesses. If
such cash resources are not available, our growth through acquisitions may be
limited if we are not able to raise additional capital through debt or equity
financings. We believe we currently have funds available under our bank line of
credit to fund our working capital needs; however, there are certain
restrictions under our bank line of credit that may prohibit our ability to
acquire additional businesses. In addition, we cannot be certain that we will be
able to maintain this line of credit, access the public securities markets or
obtain other financing for acquisitions in the future.

  WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO ADEQUATELY MANAGE OUR GROWTH.

     Our business has grown significantly in size and complexity. Our success
depends to a significant degree on our ability to successfully use our existing
infrastructure to perform services for other clients, as well as on our ability
to develop and successfully implement new marketing methods or channels for new
services. Our success also depends on a number of other factors, including our
ability to:

          - maintain the high quality of the services that we provide to our
            customers;

          - integrate the acquired businesses within the CBIZ group of
            companies;

          - increase the number of services provided to our existing customers;

          - recruit, motivate and retain qualified personnel; and

          - economically train existing sales representatives or recruit new
            sales representatives.

  WE COULD BE HELD LIABLE FOR ERRORS AND OMISSIONS.

     All of our professional business services entail an inherent risk of
professional malpractice and other similar claims. Therefore, we maintain errors
and omissions insurance coverage. Although we believe that our insurance
coverage is adequate, we cannot be certain that actual future claims would not
exceed the coverage amounts. If we have a large claim on our insurance, the
rates for such insurance may increase, but contractual arrangements with clients
may constrain our ability to incorporate such increases into service fees. Such
insurance rate increases, as well as any underlying malpractice claim, could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations.

  THE OUTSOURCING INDUSTRY IS COMPETITIVE AND FRAGMENTED.

     We face competition from a number of sources in both the outsourced
business services industry and the specialty insurance industry. Competition in
both industries has led to consolidation of many large companies that may have
greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources than us. In addition
to these new large companies, we face competition in the outsourced business
services industry from in-house employee services

                                        9
<PAGE>   10

departments, local outsourcing companies and independent consultants, as well as
new entrants into our markets. We cannot assure you that, as our industry
continues to evolve, additional competitors will not enter the industry or that
our clients will not choose to conduct more of their business services
internally or through alternative business services providers. Although we
intend to monitor industry trends and respond accordingly, we cannot assure you
that we will be able to anticipate and successfully respond to such trends in a
timely manner. We cannot be certain that we will be able to compete successfully
against current and future competitors, or that competitive pressure will not
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations.

  OUR PRINCIPAL STOCKHOLDERS HAVE SUBSTANTIAL CONTROL OVER OUR OPERATIONS.

     As of March 23, 2001, the following groups owned the following aggregate
amounts and percentages of our common stock, including shares that may be
acquired by exercising options or warrants:

          - approximately 16 million shares, representing 16.50% of all our
            outstanding common stock, were owned by Mr. DeGroote, our Chairman;

          - approximately 7.6 million shares, representing 7.82% of all our
            outstanding common stock, were owned by Mr. Huizenga, a principal
            stockholder; and

          - approximately 25.01 million shares, representing 24.72% of all our
            outstanding common stock, were owned by our executive officers,
            directors, and Mr. Huizenga, as a group.

     Because of their stock ownership, these persons can substantially influence
actions that require the consent of a majority of our outstanding shares,
including the election of directors.

  WE HAVE SHARES ELIGIBLE FOR FUTURE SALE THAT COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT THE PRICE
OF OUR COMMON STOCK.

     Future sales or issuances of common stock, or the perception that sales
could occur, could adversely affect the market price of our common stock and
dilute the percentage ownership held by our stockholders. We have authorized 250
million shares, and have issued and outstanding approximately 95 million shares.
More than 47 million of these shares have been issued in connection with
acquisitions. As part of many acquisition transactions, the shares were
contractually restricted from sale for periods up to two years, several of which
expired in 2000. Once those contractual restrictions fall away, we cannot be
sure when sales will occur, how many shares will be sold or the effect that
sales may have on the market price of our common stock. As of March 23, 2001, we
had approximately 4.6 million shares of common stock still under contractual
restrictions. As of March 23, 2001, we also have registered under the Securities
Act the following shares of common stock for the following purposes:

          - $125 million in shares of our common stock, debt securities, and
            warrants to purchase common stock or debt securities, of which $100
            million remain available to be offered from time to time by us to
            the public under our universal shelf registration statement;

          - 15,000,000 shares of our common stock, all of which remain available
            to be offered from time to time by us in connection with
            acquisitions under our acquisition shelf registration statement; and

          - Approximately six million shares of our common stock, part of a
            shelf registration statement, of which a majority have yet to be
            sold thereunder.

  WE MAY NOT PAY DIVIDENDS.

     We have not paid cash dividends on our common stock since April 27, 1995,
and we do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Our
board of directors decides on the payment and level of dividends on common
stock. The board of directors' decision is based among other things on our
results of operations and financial condition. In addition, under our credit
facility, we cannot pay cash dividends without the prior written consent of the
lenders. We currently intend to retain future earnings to finance the ongoing
operations and growth of the business. See "Dividend Policy."

                                        10
<PAGE>   11

  RESTRICTIONS IMPOSED BY INDEPENDENCE REQUIREMENTS AND CONFLICT OF INTEREST
RULES LIMIT THE CLIENTS TO WHOM WE AND ATTEST FIRMS WITH WHICH WE HAVE
CONTRACTUAL RELATIONSHIPS MAY PROVIDE ATTESTATION SERVICES.

     We have entered into administrative services agreements with separate
attest firms owned by the CPA owners of each professional services firm under
which we provide professional staffing and other services. Revenues and income
from these agreements are reflected in our financial statements.

     With respect to attest firm clients that are required to file audited
financial statements with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, the
SEC staff views us and the attest firms with which we have contractual
relationships as a single entity in applying independence rules established by
the accountancy regulators and the SEC. According to the SEC staff, we are
required to abide by all of the independence rules that the attest firms must
follow in order to be independent of an SEC reporting attest client. According
to the SEC staff, these independence rules prohibit us, and our officers,
directors, affiliates and significant stockholders, to the extent an attest firm
is so prohibited, from:

          - holding any financial interest in an SEC reporting attest client;

          - entering into any business relationship with an SEC reporting attest
            client; or

          - selling certain services to an SEC reporting attest client.

     In addition, under these rules, the SEC staff views an attest firm and us
as lacking independence with respect to:

          - an SEC reporting attest client where that client, or its directors,
            officers, affiliates or significant stockholders, own stock in us or
            our affiliates; or

          - entities involved in an offering of our stock or in making a market
            for, or otherwise facilitating the trading of, our stock in the
            secondary market, including any entity that is a member of a
            syndicate underwriting an offering of our stock, that is a
            broker-dealer exercising discretionary buy and sell authority over
            customer accounts holding significant positions in our stock, or
            that employs securities analysts that follow us.

     We have regularly contacted, and continue to contact, state accountancy
regulators in jurisdictions in which we operate for approval of our business
services model. To date, no state accountancy regulatory authority has
prohibited our operations in any jurisdiction. In addition, we and the attest
firms have agreed to implement policies and procedures designed to enable us to
maintain independence in accordance with applicable standards. These procedures
include independence screening in connection with the selection of attest
clients as well as periodic confirmations of independence by officers, directors
and professionals of us, the attest firms and our clients.

     There can be no assurance that following the policies and procedures
implemented by us and the attest firms will enable us and the attest firms to
avoid circumstances that would cause us and them to lack independence from an
SEC reporting attest client. If, as a result of the independence rules, we or
the attest firms are required to discontinue attestation services for existing
or potential future clients, then our revenues could decline. To date, revenues
derived from attestation services performed for SEC reporting clients have not
been material to us.

  GOVERNMENTAL REGULATIONS AND INTERPRETATIONS ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGES.

     We are affected by changes in laws and regulations in two primary ways.
First, changes in laws and regulations often result in changes in the amount or
the type of business services required by businesses and individuals. We cannot
be sure that future laws and regulations will provide the same or similar
opportunities for us to provide business consulting and management services to
businesses and individuals. Second, our specialty insurance business is affected
by changes to surety bond coverage requirements. For instance, if the demand for
surety bonds decreases, there could be a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and results of operations.

                                        11
<PAGE>   12

  ANY FAILURE TO MEET OUR DEBT OBLIGATIONS OR DEBT COVENANTS COULD HARM OUR
  BUSINESS, FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.

     If our cash flow and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt
obligations, we may be forced to sell assets, seek additional equity or debt
capital or restructure our debt. In addition, any failure to make scheduled
payments of interest and principal on our outstanding indebtedness or to remain
in compliance with our debt covenants would likely result in a reduction of our
credit rating, which could harm our ability to incur additional indebtedness on
acceptable terms. We cannot assure you that our cash flow and capital resources
will be sufficient for payment of interest on and principal of our debt in the
future, or that any such alternative measures would be successful or would
permit us to meet scheduled debt service obligations.

  PROTECTION OF PROPRIETARY PROGRAMS AND SERVICES MAY BE INADEQUATE TO PREVENT
  LEAKS OR THEIR USE BY OTHERS.

     We regard many of our programs and services as proprietary and rely
primarily on a combination of intellectual property laws, confidentiality
agreements and contractual provisions to protect our proprietary rights. Trade
secret and copyright laws afford limited protection. Despite our efforts to
protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized parties may attempt to copy aspects
of the programs or services we market or to obtain and use information that we
regard as proprietary. We cannot be sure if these confidentiality agreements
will prevent disclosure of proprietary information or that the proprietary
programs we market will not be independently developed by competitors.

  WE ARE RELIANT ON INFORMATION PROCESSING SYSTEMS.

     Our ability to provide outsourced business services depends on our capacity
to store, retrieve, process and manage significant databases and expand and
upgrade periodically our information processing capabilities. Interruption or
loss of our information processing capabilities through loss of stored data,
breakdown or malfunctioning of computer equipment and software systems,
telecommunications failure, or damage caused by fire, tornadoes, lightning,
electrical power outage, or other disruption could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Although
we have disaster recovery procedures in place and insurance to protect against
such contingencies, we cannot be sure that insurance or these services will
continue to be available at reasonable prices, cover all our losses or
compensate us for the possible loss of clients occurring during any period that
we are unable to provide outsourced business services.

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

     Since September 1999, seven purported stockholder class-action lawsuits
were filed as follows: (i) Jim A. Darby, Individually and on Behalf of All
Others Similarly Situated v. Century Business Services, Inc., Michael G.
DeGroote, Keith W. Reeves, Charles D. Hamm, Jr., Craig L. Stout, Gregory J.
Skoda, Edward F. Feighan and Douglas R. Gowland, Case No. 1:99CV2200; (ii) Joy
Iannotta v. Century Business Services, Inc., Michael G. DeGroote, Keith W.
Reeves, Charles D. Hamm, Jr., Craig L. Stout, Gregory J. Skoda, Edward F.
Feighan and Douglas R. Gowland, Case No. 1:99CV2337; (iii) Robert M. DeBolt,
Individually and on Behalf of All Others Similarly Situated v. Century Business
Services, Inc. Michael G. DeGroote, Keith W. Reeves, Charles D. Hamm, Jr., Craig
L. Stout, Gregory J. Skoda, Edward J. Feighan and Douglas R. Gowland, Case No.
1:99CV2467 (subsequently consolidated into a single case, Jim A. Darby,
Individually and on Behalf of All Others Similarly Situated v. Century Business
Services, Inc., Michael G. DeGroote, Keith W. Reeves, Charles D. Hamm, Jr.,
Craig L. Stout, Gregory J. Skoda and Edward F Feighan, Case No. 1:99CV2200);
(iv) David Gochman, Individually and on Behalf of All Others Similarly Situated
v. Century Business Services, Inc., Michael G. DeGroote and Fred M. Winkler,
Case No. 1:00CB0386; (v) Scott Korn, Individually and on Behalf of All Others
Similarly Situated v. Century Business Services, Inc. Michael G. DeGroote and
Fred M. Winkler, Case No. 1:00CV0440 and; (vi) Joe Marsh, Lee Marshall, Flats
Entertainment, Inc., Bruce Kapp and Dave Kajganich, Individually and on Behalf
of All Others Similarly Situated v. Century Business Services, Inc., Michael G.
DeGroote, Fred M. Winkler, Charles D. Hamm, Jr., Jerry Grisko and Keith W.
Reeves, Case No. 1:00CV0584, each filed in the United States District Court for
the Northern District of Ohio against CBIZ and certain of its current and former
directors and officers; and (vii) Talbot Jones Albert, IV, on Behalf of Himself
and All Others Similarly Situated v. Century Business Services, Inc., Michael G.
DeGroote and Fred M. Winkler, Case No. JFM00CV565, filed in the United States
                                        12
<PAGE>   13

District Court for the District of Maryland against CBIZ and certain of its
current and former directors and officers. The plaintiffs in each of these cases
alleged that the named defendants violated certain provisions of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 and certain rules promulgated thereunder in connection with
certain statements made during various periods from February 1998 through
January 2000 by, among other things, improperly amortizing goodwill and failing
adequately to monitor changes in operating results. The complaints seek damages
in unspecified amounts.

     CBIZ and the named officer and director defendants moved the United States
District Court in the Northern District of Ohio to consolidate the six Ohio
cases into a single action and appoint a single lead plaintiff and counsel and
require the filing of a consolidated amended complaint. The United States
District Court agreed, and is in the process of consolidating the cases and
receiving motions from the various plaintiffs regarding who will serve as lead
plaintiff and lead counsel.

     CBIZ and the named officer and director defendants filed an agreed motion
with the plaintiffs in the Maryland action to transfer that case from the
District of Maryland to the Northern District of Ohio. CBIZ and the named
officer and director defendants also filed a motion with the Northern District
of Ohio to assign the case to District Judge Matia and consolidate it with the
already-consolidated Ohio cases. Each of these motions has been granted, and the
Maryland case has been consolidated into the other class action cases before
District Judge Matia.

     There has been no discovery in any of these actions.

     CBIZ and the named officer and director defendants deny all allegations of
wrongdoing made against them in these actions and intend to vigorously defend
each of these lawsuits. Although the ultimate outcome of such litigation is
uncertain, based on the allegations contained in the complaints, management does
not believe that these lawsuits will have a material adverse effect on the
financial condition, results of operations or cash flows of CBIZ.

     On or about May 6, 2000, certain former shareholders of a company acquired
by Century filed suit -- Hanan et al. v. Century Business Services, Inc. and
Gregory J. Skoda, Case No. 407495 (Ohio Ct. Common Pleas) -- alleging that the
Company fraudulently induced them to enter into merging with the company and
breached the Agreement and Plan of Merger and Executive Employment Agreements
plaintiffs entered into in connection with the merger. On July 31, 2000 the
Company moved to dismiss the Complaint. On October 10, 2000, the Court denied
Century's motion to dismiss, and on December 12, 2000, Century filed its answer
and counterclaim against the plaintiffs. Discovery in this action has commenced,
and a trial on the employment agreements is scheduled to commence on May 21,
2001. No trial date has been set on the remaining issues in this case.
Plaintiffs have not specified the amount of damages they seek to recover.

     CBIZ and the named former officer defendant deny all allegations of
wrongdoing made against them in these actions and intend to vigorously defend
this lawsuit. Although the ultimate outcome of such litigation is uncertain,
based on the allegations contained in the complaints, management does not
believe that these lawsuits will have a material adverse effect on the financial
condition, results of operations or cash flows of the Company.

     On February 25, 2000, CBIZ filed suit in the Missouri Circuit Court of the
County of St. Louis against all of the former shareholders of a company it
acquired in 1999, alleging breach of contract and fraud in connection with
Agreement and Plan of Merger. On March 31, 2000, two of the defendants filed a
counterclaim against CBIZ, alleging breach of contract, fraud, and violations of
Section 12(2) of the Securities Act. On May 10, 2000, the same shareholders who
filed the counterclaim against CBIZ in the Missouri State Court filed suit
against CBIZ and 10 of its current and former officers and directors -- Fuchs et
al. v. Century Business Services, Inc., Michael G. DeGroote, Charles D. Hamm,
Jr., Fred M. Winkler, Daniel J. Clark, Jerome P. Grisko, Jr., Rick L. Burdick,
Joseph S. DiMartino, Harve A. Ferrill, Hugh P. Lowenstein, and Richard C.
Rochon, Case No. 1:00 CV 1193 (N.D. Oh.) -- alleging the same wrongdoing and
that the named defendants violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act
and 12(2) and 15(a) of the Securities Act by making materially false statements
contained in the SEC documents provided to the plaintiffs in connection with the
Agreement and Plan of Merger as well as misrepresentation claims under the
common law.

                                        13
<PAGE>   14

     On July 31, 2000, CBIZ moved to dismiss the federal action. While the
motion was pending, the parties recently settled all of the litigation between
them on confidential terms that management believes were favorable to the
Company.

     On April 11, 2000, CBIZ and a wholly-owned subsidiary initiated a lawsuit
in Toronto, Canada against former owners of a business acquired by CBIZ,
claiming (1) that the former owner breached representations and warranties in
the purchase agreement and (2) that a company owned by one of the shareholders
owed CBIZ payment for services rendered. CBIZ E-Solutions, Inc. and Century
Business Solutions, Inc. V. Paven R. Bratch, Review Worldwide Ltd., 1069904
Ontario Limited and Royal Bank of Canada Financial Corp. in its capacity and
acting on behalf of the Bratch International Trust, Ontario Superior Ct. No.
00-CV-188556. In addition, CBIZ asked the Ontario Court to declare that CBIZ
justifiably terminated the employment contract of one of the former
shareholders. On August 1, 2000 the former shareholders and the company owned by
a former shareholder filed counterclaims against CBIZ in the Ontario action,
seeking damages from CBIZ for breach of contract, wrongful termination of
employment, and defamation. The parties recently settled all of the litigation
between them on confidential terms that management believes were favorable to
the Company.

     In addition to the above-disclosed items, CBIZ is from time to time subject
to claims and suits arising in the ordinary course of business. Although the
ultimate disposition of such proceedings is not presently determinable,
management does not believe that the ultimate resolution of these matters will
have a material adverse effect on the financial condition, results of operations
or cash flows of the Company.

ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

     No matters were submitted to a vote of CBIZ's stockholders during the
fourth quarter of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report.

                                        14
<PAGE>   15

                                    PART II

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON STOCK AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

PRICE RANGE OF COMMON STOCK

     The common stock of CBIZ is quoted on the Nasdaq National Market under the
trading symbol "CBIZ". The table below sets forth the range of high and low
sales prices for the Common Stock as reported on the Nasdaq National Market for
the periods indicated.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                              PRICE RANGE OF
                                                               COMMON STOCK
                                                              ---------------
<S>                                                           <C>       <C>
1999
  First Quarter.............................................  $15.25    $9.50
  Second Quarter............................................   14.50     9.75
  Third Quarter.............................................   16.13    10.25
  Fourth Quarter............................................   12.75     8.00
2000
  First Quarter.............................................  $ 9.06    $2.06
  Second Quarter............................................    4.00     1.50
  Third Quarter.............................................    2.38     1.25
  Fourth Quarter............................................    1.56     0.81
</TABLE>

     On December 29, 2000, the last reported sale price of CBIZ's Common Stock
as reported on the Nasdaq National Market (Nasdaq Amex-Online) was $1.13 per
share. As of March 23, 2001, CBIZ had 1,716 holders of its common stock.

DIVIDEND POLICY

     CBIZ has not paid cash dividends on its common stock since April 27, 1995,
and does not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. CBIZ's
board of directors decides on the payment and level of dividends on common
stock. The board of director's decision is based among other things on results
of operations and financial condition. In addition, CBIZ's credit facility
contains a requirement for lender consent prior to the declaration of any
dividends. CBIZ currently intends to retain future earnings to finance the
ongoing operations and growth of the business. Any future determination as to
dividend policy will be made at the discretion of the board of directors and
will depend on a number of factors, including future earnings, capital
requirements, financial condition and future prospects, limitations on dividend
payments pursuant to credit or other agreements and such other factors as the
board of directors may deem relevant.

                                        15
<PAGE>   16

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

     The following table presents selected historical financial data for CBIZ
and is derived from the historical consolidated financial statements and notes
thereto, which are included elsewhere in this Annual Report of CBIZ. The
information set forth below should be read in conjunction with "Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and
the consolidated financial statements of CBIZ and the notes thereto, which are
included elsewhere in this Annual Report.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                  YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                   -----------------------------------------------------
                                                     2000        1999       1998       1997       1996
                                                   ---------   --------   --------   --------   --------
                                                           (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)
<S>                                                <C>         <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>
STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS DATA:
Revenue..........................................  $ 567,815   $546,393   $359,468   $179,516   $110,035
Expenses:
  Operating......................................    510,029    454,051    282,674    155,600     99,203
  Corporate general and administrative...........     24,694     19,138      5,155      4,162        302
  Depreciation and amortization..................     44,335     23,470     11,074      4,128      1,529
  Merger-related.................................         --      5,789      4,535        416         --
                                                   ---------   --------   --------   --------   --------
         Total expense...........................    579,058    502,448    303,438    164,306    101,034
Operating income (loss)..........................    (11,243)    43,945     56,030     15,210      9,001
Other income (expense):
Interest expense.................................    (12,113)    (6,602)    (3,241)    (1,216)       (47)
  Goodwill impairment............................    (48,198)        --         --         --         --
  Gain (loss) on sale of operations..............    (31,576)    (7,067)     1,450         --         --
  Other income (expense), net....................     (7,509)    (4,397)     3,361      2,289         --
                                                   ---------   --------   --------   --------   --------
         Total other income (expense)............    (99,396)   (18,066)     1,570      1,073        (47)
Income (loss) from continuing operations before
  income tax expense (benefit)...................   (110,639)    25,879     57,600     16,283      8,954
Income tax expense (benefit).....................     (3,379)    14,449     20,590      4,224        688
                                                   ---------   --------   --------   --------   --------
Income (loss) from continuing operations.........   (107,260)    11,430     37,010     12,059      8,266
Income (loss) from operations of discontinued
  business, net of tax...........................     (1,214)    (3,596)     6,880      7,992      4,350
Loss on disposal of discontinued businesses, net
  of tax.........................................     (5,697)      (391)        --       (572)        --
Cumulative effect of change in accounting
  principle, net of tax..........................    (11,905)        --         --         --         --
                                                   ---------   --------   --------   --------   --------
Net income (loss)................................  $(126,076)  $  7,443   $ 43,890   $ 19,479   $ 12,616
                                                   =========   ========   ========   ========   ========
Diluted shares...................................     94,674     91,702     81,084     61,412     36,540
Diluted earnings (loss) per share:
  From continuing operations.....................  $   (1.13)  $   0.12   $   0.46   $   0.20   $   0.23
  From discontinued operations...................  $   (0.07)  $  (0.04)  $   0.08   $   0.12   $   0.12
  From cumulative effect of accounting change....  $   (0.13)  $     --   $     --   $     --   $     --
OTHER DATA:
Goodwill, net of accumulated amortization........  $ 281,268   $379,922   $293,553   $ 89,236   $  5,916
Total assets.....................................  $ 649,494   $809,085   $579,764   $254,105   $145,784
Total liabilities................................  $ 262,556   $295,953   $175,403   $ 92,689   $ 39,835
Total stockholders' equity.......................  $ 386,938   $513,132   $404,361   $161,416   $105,949
PRO FORMA AMOUNTS ASSUMING 2000 CHANGE IN
  ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLE WAS APPLIED RETROACTIVELY:
Net income (loss)................................  $(126,076)  $  2,571   $ 42,224   $ 18,093   $ 11,659
Basic earnings (loss) per share..................  $   (1.33)  $   0.03   $   0.62   $   0.37   $   0.38
Diluted earnings (loss) per share................  $   (1.33)  $   0.03   $   0.52   $   0.29   $   0.32
</TABLE>

                                        16
<PAGE>   17

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
        OF OPERATIONS

     The following discussion is intended to assist in the understanding of
CBIZ's financial position and results of operations for each of the years ended
December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998. This discussion should be read in conjunction
with CBIZ's consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included herein.
During 2000, CBIZ significantly slowed its strategic acquisition program,
purchasing the businesses of two complementary companies. These acquisitions
were accounted for under the purchase method of accounting, and accordingly, the
operating results of the acquired companies have been included in CBIZ's
consolidated financial statements since their date of acquisition.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS -- CONTINUING OPERATIONS

COMPARISON OF YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000 TO YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1999

  Revenues

     Total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2000 was $567.8 million under
the new revenue recognition policy adopted under Staff Accounting Bulletin No.
101 (SAB 101) as compared to $546.4 million under CBIZ's historical accounting
policy (pre-SAB 101), representing an increase of $21.4 million, or 3.9%. Had
CBIZ reported 2000 revenue in accordance with its pre-SAB 101 policy, revenue
would have been approximately $585.9 million, representing an increase over the
prior year of $39.5 million, or 7.2%. The increase in revenue was primarily
attributable to (i) CBIZ's acquisitions completed in 2000 and 1999 that were
accounted for under the purchase method of accounting, and (ii) internal growth.
Acquisitions completed in 2000 and 1999 under the purchase accounting method,
which are included from the date of acquisition, accounted for $33.9 million of
such increase, on a pre-SAB 101 basis. Internal growth is based on the increase
in revenues of companies that have a full period of operations for the year
ended December 31, 1999, including companies that are accounted for as
pooling-of-interests, as compared to the comparable period for 1999.

  Expenses

     Total expenses (including other expense) increased to $678.5 million
(post-SAB 101) for the year ended December 31, 2000, from $520.5 million
(pre-SAB 101) for the comparable period in 1999, representing an increase of
$158.0 million, or 30.3%. Had CBIZ reported 2000 total expenses in accordance
with its pre-SAB 101 policy, operating expenses would have been approximately
$689.9 million, representing an increase over the prior year of $169.4 million,
or 32.5%. Such increase, on a pre-SAB 101 basis, was primarily attributable to
(i) an increase in operating expenses, (ii) the impact of CBIZ's acquisitions
made in 2000 and 1999, (iii) goodwill impairment and other asset write-downs,
(iv) losses on businesses sold or to be divested of, and (v) $10.5 million of
additional amortization expense for the change in the goodwill amortization
period from 40 to 15 years beginning October 1, 1999.

     Operating expenses increased to $510.0 million (post-SAB 101) for the year
ended December 31, 2000, from $454.1 million (pre-SAB 101) for the comparable
period in 1999, representing an increase of $55.9 million, or 12.3%. Had CBIZ
reported 2000 operating expenses in accordance with its pre-SAB 101 policy,
operating expenses would have been approximately $521.4 million, representing an
increase of $67.3 million, or 14.8%. Such increase, on a pre-SAB 101 basis, was
primarily attributable to acquisitions completed in 2000 and 1999, and an
increase in bad debt expense over prior year levels of $16.9 million. Included
in operating expenses in 2000 was $1.0 million of consolidation and integration
charges (net of $5.9 million reversal of lease accrual), compared to $13.9
million of consolidation and integration charges in 1999. As a percentage of
total revenues, operating expenses increased to 89.8% for the year ended
December 31, 2000, from 83.1% for the comparable period in 1999.

     Corporate general and administrative expenses increased to $24.7 million
for the year ended December 31, 2000, from $19.1 million for the comparable
period in 1999, representing an increase of $5.6 million, or 29.0%. Such
increase was attributable to growth of the corporate office needed to support
CBIZ's infrastructure (including the Shared Services Center), corporate
initiatives, and legal expenses. Included in corporate general and
administrative expenses in 2000 was $1.6 million of consolidation and
integration charges (net of $2.4 million reversal of severance accrual),
compared to $6.4 million of consolidation and integration charges in

                                        17
<PAGE>   18

1999. Corporate general and administrative expenses represented 4.3% of total
revenues for the year ended December 31, 2000, compared to 3.5% for the
comparable period in 1999.

     Depreciation and amortization expense increased to $44.3 million for the
year ended December 31, 2000, from $23.5 million for the comparable period in
1999, representing an increase of $20.8 million, or 88.9%. The increase in
depreciation and amortization expense in 2000 is a result of a) goodwill
associated with acquisitions completed in 1999 and 2000, b) the change in the
goodwill amortization period from 40 years to 15 years beginning October 1,
1999, and c) increased depreciation expense related to the Oracle application
placed in service on January 1, 2000, and other capital expenditures. The change
in the goodwill amortization period resulted in an additional $10.5 million of
goodwill amortization expense for 2000 as compared to 1999. As a percentage of
total revenues, depreciation and amortization expense increased to 7.8% for the
year ended December 31, 2000 from 4.3% for the comparable period in 1999.

     CBIZ incurred merger-related expenses of $5.8 million for the year ended
December 31, 1999. Merger-related expenses are comprised primarily of
professional fees incurred in transactions accounted for as pooling-
of-interests and the salaries of employees dedicated to merger activities. There
were no merger-related expenses in 2000 as a result of the significant reduction
in CBIZ's acquisition program, and there were no transactions accounted for as
pooling-of-interests in such period.

     Interest expense was $12.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2000, as
compared to $6.6 million for the same period in 1999. During 2000, CBIZ began
the year with a credit facility balance of $144.0 million and ended the year
with a balance of $117.5 million, a decrease of $26.5 million. Notwithstanding,
the average debt carried during 2000 was $144.6 million versus $95.2 million in
1999. In addition, the average effective interest rate was 8.7% in 2000 versus
6.1% in 1999. Both factors contributed to interest expense increasing $5.5
million, year over year.

     A goodwill impairment charge of $48.2 million was recorded for the year
ended December 31, 2000. The necessity for this charge was based upon
management's continual evaluation of the recoverability of goodwill and other
long-lived assets. During the fourth quarter, management concluded that goodwill
associated with eleven business units was no longer recoverable through future
operations based upon a recent deterioration in current and projected operating
performance at such units and an impairment charge of approximately $48.2
million was required in the fourth quarter to write-down such goodwill to
estimated fair value.

     CBIZ recorded a loss on sale of operations of $31.6 million for the year
ended December 31, 2000, as compared to $7.1 million for the year ended December
31, 1999. Such charges in 2000 are the result of a) the divestiture of three
business units previously announced in December 1999, b) the sale of CBIZ's
franchise operations announced on November 2, 2000 at a loss of $3.8 million,
and c) the loss related to the planned divestiture of two additional business
units to be completed in 2001 of $27.2 million.

     Other expense, net was $7.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2000,
as compared to $4.4 million for the comparable period in 1999, representing a
change of approximately $3.1 million, or 70.8%. In 2000, other expense was
comprised primarily of a) $1.6 million impairment of a note received in
connection with the sale of certain environmental properties in 1997; b) $3.8
million related to the settlement and reserve of certain legal proceedings; c)
$0.4 million related to the closing of operations in Toronto, Canada; and d)
$2.7 million related to software and other asset impairment, offset by interest
income. In 1999, other expense was comprised of an $8.9 million charge due to
the impairment of notes received in connection with a transaction accounted for
as a discontinued operation in 1997, offset by interest income and other income
of $4.5 million.

     CBIZ recorded an income tax benefit from continuing operations of $3.4
million for the year ended December 31, 2000, compared with income tax expense
of $14.4 million ($16.2 million on a pro forma basis) for the comparable period
in 1999. The effective income tax rate from continuing operations decreased to
3.1% from 55.8% (62.6% on a proforma basis) for the comparable period in 1999.
Such decrease in the effective income tax rate was primarily attributable to the
pretax loss from continuing operations, the goodwill impairment charge (which
was primarily non-deductible), and the write-down of several non-core business
units to net realizable value.

                                        18
<PAGE>   19

     As previously noted, CBIZ implemented a change in certain accounting
policies as a result of adopting SAB 101. The cumulative effect of this change
as of the beginning of 2000 was $11.9 million, net of tax benefit. See notes 1
and 14 to CBIZ's consolidated financial statements included herewith.

COMPARISON OF YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1999 TO YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1998

  Revenues

     Total revenues increased to $546.4 million for the year ended December 31,
1999, from $359.5 million for the comparable period in 1998, representing an
increase of $186.9 million, or 52.0%. The $186.9 million increase was primarily
attributable to (i) CBIZ's acquisitions completed in 1999 and 1998 that were
accounted for under the purchase method of accounting, and (ii) internal growth.
Acquisitions completed in 1999 under the purchase accounting method, which are
included from the date of acquisition, accounted for $33.7 million of such
increase. Internal growth is based on the increase in revenues of companies that
have a full period of operations for the year ended December 31, 1999, including
companies that are accounted for as pooling-of-interests, as compared to the
comparable period for 1998.

  Expenses

     Total expenses, including other income (expenses), increased to $520.5
million for the year ended December 31, 1999, from $301.9 million for the
comparable period in 1998, representing an increase of $218.6 million, or 72.4%.
Such increase was primarily attributable to (i) the increase in operating
expenses, (ii) the impact of CBIZ's acquisitions made in 1999 and 1998, (iii)
$27.4 million of consolidation and integration charges resulting from CBIZ's
recently announced consolidation initiatives in December 1999, (iv) $8.9 million
reserve taken for impairment of a note receivable, and (v) $4.2 million of
additional amortization expense for the change in the goodwill amortization
period to 15 years beginning October 1, 1999. As a percentage of total revenues,
total expenses increased to 95.3% for the year ended December 31, 1999, from
84.0% for the comparable period of 1998. Excluding the consolidation and
integration charges, the reserve for the note receivable, and the effect of the
change in goodwill amortization period, the percentage of total expenses to
total revenue for the year ended December 31, 1999 was 87.8%.

     CBIZ announced on December 28, 1999 that its Board of Directors had
approved a plan to consolidate several of its operations in multi-office markets
and integrate certain back-office functions into a shared-services center. The
plan includes the consolidation of at least 60 office locations, the elimination
of more than 200 positions (including Corporate), and the divestiture of four
small, non-core businesses. Pursuant to the plan, CBIZ recorded a consolidation
and integration charge of $27.4 million, of which $13.9 million is included in
operating expense, $7.1 million is included in loss on sale of operations, and
$6.4 million is included in corporate general and administrative expense in the
consolidated statements of operations. (See Note 16 to the CBIZ's Consolidated
Financial Statements.)

     Operating expenses increased to $454.1 million for the year ended December
31, 1999, from $282.7 million for the comparable period in 1998, representing an
increase of $171.4 million, or 60.6%. Such increase was primarily attributable
to acquisitions completed in 1999 and 1998, and includes $13.9 million of
consolidation and integration charges, as discussed above. As a percentage of
total revenues, operating expenses increased to 83.1% for the year ended
December 31, 1999, from 78.6% for the comparable period in 1998. Excluding the
consolidation and integration charges, the percentage of operating expenses to
total revenue for the year ended December 31, 1999 was 80.6%.

     Corporate general and administrative expenses increased to $19.1 million
for the year ended December 31, 1999, from $5.2 million for the comparable
period in 1998, representing an increase of $13.9 million, or 271.3%. Such
increase was attributable to growth of the corporate office needed to support
CBIZ's infrastructure, corporate initiatives, and integration and consolidation
costs, including $6.4 million of consolidation and integration charges as
discussed above. Corporate general and administrative expenses represented 3.5%
of total revenues for the year ended December 31, 1999, compared to 1.4% for the
comparable period in 1998. Excluding the consolidation and integration charges
in the fourth quarter, the percentage of corporate general and administrative
expenses represented 2.3% of total revenue for the year ended December 31, 1999.

                                        19
<PAGE>   20

     Merger-related expenses increased to $5.8 million for the year ended
December 31, 1999, from $4.5 million for the comparable period in 1998,
representing an increase of $1.3 million, or 27.7%. Such increase was
attributable primarily to transaction costs related to acquisitions completed in
1999, and the build out of the mergers and acquisitions department throughout
1998, resulting in the full utilization of the department in 1999. Included in
merger-related expenses are fees on two significant pooling transactions
completed in the third quarter of 1999. The shareholders of one of the pooled
transactions paid a $1.0 million investment-banking fee, which was reflected on
CBIZ's statement of operations in the third quarter and for the year ended
December 31, 1999. Merger-related expenses are comprised primarily of
professional fees incurred in transactions accounted for as pooling-of-interests
and the salaries of employees dedicated to merger activities. Merger-related
expenses increased through the first three quarters of 1999, but decreased
during the fourth quarter of 1999 due to CBIZ's decision to slow the acquisition
program and scale down the mergers and acquisitions department.

     Depreciation and amortization expense increased to $23.5 million for the
year ended December 31, 1999, from $11.1 million for the comparable period in
1998, representing an increase of $12.4 million, or 111.9%. The increase is a
result of the increase of goodwill amortization and depreciation expense
resulting from the 30 acquisitions completed by CBIZ in 1999, and the 48
acquisitions completed in 1998, which were accounted for under the purchase
method of accounting, as well as the change in the goodwill amortization period
to 15 years beginning October 1, 1999. The change in the goodwill amortization
resulted in approximately $4.2 million in additional goodwill amortization
expense in the fourth quarter and for the year ended December 31. 1999. As a
percentage of total revenues, depreciation and amortization expense increased to
4.3% for the year ended December 31, 1999 from 3.1% for the comparable period in
1998. Excluding the effect of the change in the goodwill amortization period,
depreciation and amortization expense increased to 3.5% of total revenues for
the year ended December 31, 1999.

     Interest expense was $6.6 million for the year ended December 31, 1999, as
compared to interest expense of $3.2 million for the comparable period in 1998.
Such fluctuation was due primarily to higher debt carried in 1999 from CBIZ's
revolving credit facility as well as debt acquired in connection with 1999
acquisitions.

     Other expense, net was $4.4 million for the year ended December 31, 1999,
as compared to other income, net of $3.4 million for the comparable period in
1998, representing a change of approximately $7.8 million, or 230.8%. In 1999,
other expense was comprised of an $8.9 million charge incurred due to the
impairment of notes received in connection with a transaction accounted for as a
discontinued operation in 1997 offset by interest income and other income of
$4.5 million. In 1998, other income, net was attributable to interest income of
$3.4 million.

     CBIZ recorded income taxes from continuing operations of $14.4 million
($16.2 million on a pro forma basis) for the year ended December 31, 1999 and
$20.6 million ($22.4 million on a pro forma basis) for the comparable period in
1998. The effective income tax rate from continuing operations increased to
55.8% (62.6% on a pro forma basis) from 35.7% (38.9% on a pro forma basis) for
the comparable period in 1998. Such increase in the effective tax rate was
primarily attributable to the increase in goodwill amortization expense (which
is primarily non-deductible), the write-down of four non-core business units to
net realizable value, and the non-deductible investment banking fee paid in the
third quarter.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS -- DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS

     In April 1999, Century adopted a formal plan to divest its risk-bearing
specialty insurance segment, which was no longer part of CBIZ's strategic
long-term growth objectives. The risk-bearing specialty insurance segment, which
included Century Surety Company, Evergreen National Indemnity Company, and
Continental Heritage Insurance Company, was reported as a discontinued operation
and its net assets and results of operations were reported separately in the
consolidated financial statements.

     In June 2000, CBIZ announced that it had entered into a binding agreement
with Avalon National Corporation for the sale of its risk-bearing specialty
insurance segment, as well as American Inspection and Audit Services, Inc. and
CSC Insurance Agency, Inc., collectively referred to as the Divested Entities
for $31 million, subject to regulatory approval. In July 2000, ANC assigned its
rights under the purchase agreement to Pro

                                        20
<PAGE>   21

Finance Holdings Corporation, which is a consortium of financial entities, and
certain former members of CBIZ's management.

     In October 2000, CBIZ renegotiated the aforementioned sale agreement with
Pro Finance Holding Corporation. In consideration for a $2.0 million reduction
in sale proceeds, CBIZ was able to restructure the agreement for tax purposes
that provided CBIZ a significant tax benefit. Furthermore, the sale proceeds
were reduced by an additional $1.0 million due to severance and bonus payments
due at the Divested Entities. Accordingly, in October 2000, CBIZ completed the
sale of the Divested Entities for $28 million.

COMBINED AND OPERATING RATIOS

     The following information represents the required disclosures for the
Divested Entities at December 31, 1999 and 1998, and for the years then ended.
Assets and liabilities are included in net assets of discontinued operations in
the accompanying consolidated balance sheets, and operating results are included
in income (loss) from operations of discontinued business in the accompanying
consolidated statements of operations.

     The combined ratio is the sum of the loss ratio and expense ratio and is
the traditional measure of underwriting performance for insurance companies. The
operating ratio is the combined ratio less the net investment income ratio (net
investment income to net earned premium) excluding realized and unrealized
capital gains and is used to measure overall company performance.

     The following table reflects the loss, loss expense (LAE), expense,
combined, net investment and operating ratios of Century on a generally accepted
accounting principles (GAAP) basis for each of the years ended December 31, 1999
and 1998.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                YEAR ENDED
                                                               DECEMBER 31,
                                                              --------------
                                                              1999     1998
                                                              -----    -----
<S>                                                           <C>      <C>
Loss ratio..................................................   48.1%    36.2%
LAE ratio...................................................   17.4     16.6
Expense ratio...............................................   51.3     45.4
                                                              -----    -----
Combined ratio..............................................  116.8     98.2
Net investment ratio........................................  (11.6)   (12.0)
Operating ratio.............................................  105.2     86.2
</TABLE>

EXPENSES

     The expense ratio reflected in the foregoing table is the relationship of
operating costs to net written premiums on a GAAP basis. The statutory ratio
differs from the GAAP ratio as a result of different treatment of acquisition
costs. Expense ratios were unfavorably impacted by reinsurance contingencies in
1999, and were favorably impacted by reinsurance contingencies in 1998.

LIABILITY FOR LOSSES AND LOSS EXPENSES PAYABLE

     As of December 31, 1999, the liability for losses and LAE constituted 31%
of CBIZ's consolidated liabilities. CBIZ had established reserves that reflected
its estimates of the total losses and LAE it will ultimately be required to pay
under insurance and reinsurance policies. Such reserves included losses that
were reported but not settled and losses that were incurred but not reported
(IBNR). Loss reserves were established on an undiscounted basis after reductions
for deductibles and estimates of salvage and subrogation.

     For reported losses, CBIZ established reserves on a "case" basis within the
parameters of coverage provided in the related policy. For IBNR losses, CBIZ
estimated reserves using established actuarial methods. Case and IBNR loss
reserve estimates reflected such variables as past loss experience, social
trends in damage awards, changes in judicial interpretation of legal liability
and policy coverages, and inflation. CBIZ took into account not only monetary
increases in the cost of what is insured, but also changes in societal factors
that influenced jury

                                        21
<PAGE>   22

verdicts and case law and, in turn, claim costs. CBIZ's loss reserves were
certified in accordance with the requirements of the National Association of
Insurance Commissioners.

     The consolidated financial statements of CBIZ included the estimated
liability for unpaid losses and LAE of CBIZ's insurance operations. Reserves for
unpaid losses covered by insurance policies and bonds consisted of reported
losses and IBNR losses. These reserves were determined by claims personnel and
the use of actuarial and statistical procedures and they represented
undiscounted estimates of the ultimate cost of all unpaid losses and LAE through
year-end. Although management used many resources to calculate reserves, a
degree of uncertainty was inherent in all such estimates. Therefore, no precise
method for determining ultimate losses and LAE exists. These estimates were
subject to the effect of future claims settlement trends and were continually
reviewed and adjusted (if necessary) as experience develops and new information
becomes known. Any such adjustments were reflected in current operations.

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

FINANCIAL CONDITION

     Cash and cash equivalents decreased $8.7 million to $16.0 million at
December 31, 2000, from $24.7 million at December 31, 1999. Most of the
reduction resulted from an initiative in 2000 to consolidate multiple bank
accounts to three primary depository banks.

     Net cash provided by operating activities was $17.5 million in 2000 versus
a use of cash of $25.9 million in 1999, an increase of $43.4 million. Adjusting
net income for non-cash operating expenses, but before considering changes in
assets and liabilities, net cash generated from continuing operations was $62.9
million in 2000 versus $72.3 million in 1999. Changes in assets and liabilities
resulted in a net use of cash of $45.5 million in 2000 versus $98.2 million in
1999; most of the reduction in use is related to the net change in accounts
receivable $36.7 million.

     Cash provided by investing activities in 2000 consisted primarily of
proceeds received from divestitures, offset by cash used for capital
expenditures and the funding of acquisitions and contingent consideration for
previous acquisitions. Cash used in investing activities in 2000 and 1999
consisted primarily of payments for business acquisitions (and contingent
consideration) and purchases of fixed assets. Significant purchases of fixed
assets in 1999 and 2000 were primarily attributable to the purchase of software
from Oracle and related capital costs incurred to implement the enterprise-wide
solution to integrate back office operations.

     Cash used in financing activities in 2000 consisted primarily of payments
made on the revolving credit facility (net of proceeds) and notes payable and
capitalized leases. Cash provided by financing activities in 1999 consisted
primarily of proceeds of $43.8 million from stock issuances and exercise of
stock options and warrants, proceeds from the revolving credit facility (net of
repayments) of $100.0 million, and payments on notes payable and capital leases
(net of proceeds) of $43.0 million.

SOURCES OF CASH

     CBIZ's principal source of revenue is derived from the collection of fees
from professional services rendered to its clients and commissions earned in the
areas of accounting, tax, valuation and advisory services, benefits
administration and insurance services, human resources and payroll services,
performance consulting services and technology solutions.

     CBIZ's bank line of credit is a $172 million revolving credit facility with
several financial institutions, of which $117.5 million was outstanding at
December 31, 2000. During 2000, CBIZ utilized cash from operations to pay down
its facility by $26.5 million. See Notes 6 and 18 to CBIZ's consolidated
financial statements included herewith.

USES OF CASH AND LIQUIDITY OUTLOOK

     CBIZ's capital expenditures from continuing operations totaled $20.1
million, $33.7 million and $13.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2000,
1999 and 1998, respectively, which included expenditures for fixed

                                        22
<PAGE>   23

assets for normal replacement, compliance with regulations and market
development. During the year ended December 31, 2000, CBIZ primarily funded
capital expenditures from operating cash flow and financing activities. CBIZ
anticipates that during 2001, it will continue to fund expenditures from
operating cash flow supplemented by borrowings under its revolving credit
facility, as necessary. Management believes that CBIZ currently has sufficient
cash and lines of credit to fund current operations.

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE INFORMATION ABOUT MARKET RISK

     Quantitative Information About Market Risk. CBIZ's exposure to market risk,
including interest rate risk, is not significant. If market interest rates were
to increase or decrease immediately and uniformly by 100 basis points from
levels at December 31, 2000, in each case the impact on CBIZ's financial
condition and results of operations would not be significant. CBIZ does not
engage in trading market risk sensitive instruments. CBIZ does not purchase as
investments, hedges or for purposes "other than trading" instruments that are
likely to expose CBIZ to market risk, whether interest rate, foreign currency
exchange, commodity price or equity price risk. CBIZ has not issued debt
instruments, entered into forward or futures contracts, purchased options or
entered into swaps.

     Qualitative Information About Market Risk. CBIZ's primary market risk
exposure is that of interest rate risk. A change in the Federal Funds Rate, or
the reference rate set by the Bank of America (San Francisco), would affect the
rate at which CBIZ could borrow funds under its credit facility.

     CBIZ's strategy to manage this exposure is to keep its borrowings to a
minimum.

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

     The Financial Statements and Supplementary Data required hereunder are
included in this Annual Report as set forth in Item 14(a) hereof.

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
        FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

     NONE

                                        23
<PAGE>   24

                                    PART III

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

     The information appearing under the caption "Election of Directors" in
CBIZ's definitive proxy statement relating to the 2001 Annual Stockholders
Meeting is incorporated herein by reference.

     The following table sets forth certain information regarding the directors,
executive officers and certain key employees of CBIZ. Each executive officer of
CBIZ named in the following table has been elected to serve until his successor
is duly appointed or elected or until his earlier removal or resignation from
office. No arrangement or understanding exists between any executive officer of
CBIZ and any other person pursuant to which he or she was selected as an
officer.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                   NAME                     AGE                   POSITION(S)
                   ----                     ---                   -----------
<S>                                         <C>    <C>
EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS:
Michael G. DeGroote(1)....................  67     Chairman of the Board
Steven L. Gerard(1).......................  55     Chief Executive Officer
Jerome P. Grisko, Jr.(1)..................  39     President
Ware H. Grove(1)..........................  50     Senior Vice President and Chief Financial
                                                   Officer
Douglas R. Gowland........................  59     Senior Vice President, Operations &
                                                   Technology
Robert A. O'Byrne.........................  44     Senior Vice President, Benefits
                                                   Administration & Insurance Services Group
Rick L. Burdick(2)........................  49     Director
Joseph S. DiMartino.......................  57     Director
Harve A. Ferrill(2)(3)....................  68     Director
Hugh P. Lowenstein(3)(4)..................  69     Director
Richard C. Rochon(2)(3)...................  43     Director

OTHER KEY EMPLOYEES:
Leonard Miller............................  61     Business Solutions Practice Head
Teresa E. Bruce...........................  36     Vice President
Chris Spurio..............................  35     Vice President
Kelly J. Kuna.............................  31     Controller
Michael W. Gleespen.......................  42     Corporate Secretary
</TABLE>

---------------

(1) Member of Management Executive Committee.

(2) Member of Audit Committee.

(3) Member of Compensation Committee.

(4) Mr. Lowenstein is retiring at the expiration of his current term as a
    director, on at the 2001 annual meeting of stockholders.

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS:

     Michael G. DeGroote has served as Chairman of the Board of CBIZ since April
1995. Mr. DeGroote also served as Chief Executive Officer and President of CBIZ
from April 1995 to October 1996 and from November 1997 to April 1999. Since
April 1999 to October 2000, Mr. DeGroote has served as Chief Executive Officer.
Mr. DeGroote served as Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive
Officer of Republic Industries, Inc., now known as AutoNation, Inc., from May
1991 to August 1995. Mr. DeGroote founded Laidlaw Inc., a Canadian waste
services and transportation company in 1959. In 1988, Mr. DeGroote sold his
controlling

                                        24
<PAGE>   25

interest in Laidlaw to Canadian Pacific Limited. Mr. DeGroote served as
President and Chief Executive Officer of Laidlaw from 1959 until 1990. Mr.
DeGroote currently serves on the Board of Directors of AutoNation, Inc.

     Steven L. Gerard was appointed Chief Executive Officer and Director on
October 12, 2000. Mr. Gerard was Chairman and CEO of Great Point Capital, Inc.,
a provider of operational and advisory services from 1997 to October 2000. From
1991 to 1997, he was Chairman and CEO of Triangle Wire & Cable, Inc. and its
successor Ocean View Capital, Inc. Mr. Gerard's prior experience includes 16
years with Citibank, N.A. in various senior corporate finance and banking
positions, including ultimately Senior Managing Director, responsible for the
risk management of Citibank's commercial and investment banking activities in
the United States, Europe, Australia and Japan . Further, Mr. Gerard served
seven years with the American Stock Exchange, where he last served as Vice
President of the Securities Division. Mr. Gerard also serves on the Boards of
Directors of Fairchild Company, Inc., Lennar Corporation and Aviation Sales
Company.

     Jerome P. Grisko, Jr. has served as President of CBIZ since February 1,
2000, Mr. Grisko joined CBIZ as Vice President, Mergers & Acquisitions in
September 1998 and was promoted to Senior Vice President, Mergers & Acquisitions
and Legal Affairs in December of 1998. Prior to joining CBIZ, Mr. Grisko was
associated with the law firm of Baker & Hostetler LLP, where he practiced from
September 1987 until September 1998, serving as a partner of such firm from
January 1995 to September 1998. While at Baker & Hostetler, Mr. Grisko
concentrated his practice in the area of mergers, acquisitions and divestitures.
Mr. Grisko is a member of the American, Ohio and Cleveland Bar Associations.

     Ware H. Grove has served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial
Officer of CBIZ since December, 2000. Before joining CBIZ, Mr. Grove served as
Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Bridgestreet
Accommodations, Inc., which he joined in early 2000 to restructure financing,
develop strategic operating alternatives, and assist with merger negotiations.
Prior to joining Bridgestreet, Mr. Grove served for three years as Vice
President and Chief Financial Officer of Lesco, Inc. In 1994, Mr. Grove joined
Revco D.S., Inc., as Vice President and Treasurer. During his tenure at Revco, a
publicly held company acquired by CVS Corporation in 1997, Mr. Grove helped
integrate an acquisition that doubled Revco's size and restructured the
company's credit facility. Since beginning his career in corporate finance in
1972, Mr. Grove has held various financial positions with large companies
representing a variety of industries, including Computerland/Vanstar, a
privately held, $2.5 billion worldwide computer sales and distribution company
Manville Corporation, The Upjohn Company; and First of America Bank.

     Douglas R. Gowland has served as a Senior Vice President since November
1997. Mr. Gowland served as a Director of CBIZ from April 1995 through November
1997. From April 1995 until October 1996, Mr. Gowland served as CBIZ's Executive
Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. From January 1992 to April 1995, Mr.
Gowland served as Vice President -- Hazardous Waste Operations of Republic
Industries, Inc., the predecessor of AutoNation, Inc. From March 1991 to January
1992, Mr. Gowland served as Vice President of DRG Environmental Management, Inc.
Prior thereto, he served as President of Great Lakes Environmental Systems, Ltd.

     Robert A. O'Byrne has serves as a Senior Vice President of CBIZ since
December 1998 and is in charge of the Benefits Administration & Insurance
Services Group. Mr. O'Byrne served as Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive
Officer of Robert D. O'Byrne and Associates, Inc., an employee benefits
brokerage/consulting firm prior to its acquisition by CBIZ in December 1997. Mr.
O'Byrne remains President of CBIZ Benefits and Insurance Services, Inc.

     Rick L. Burdick has served as a Director of CBIZ since November 1997, when
he was elected as an outside director. Mr. Burdick has been a partner at the law
firm of Akin, Gump, Strauss, Hauer & Feld, L.L.P. since April 1988. Mr. Burdick
serves on the Board of Directors of AutoNation, Inc.

     Joseph S. DiMartino has served as a Director of CBIZ since November 1997,
when he was elected as an outside director. Mr. DiMartino has been Chairman of
the Board of the Dreyfus Family of Funds since January 1995. Mr. DiMartino
served as President, Chief Operating Officer and Director of The Dreyfus
Corporation from October 1982 until December 1994 and also served as a director
of Mellon Bank Corporation.

                                        25
<PAGE>   26

Mr. DiMartino also serves on the Board of Directors of Quikcat.com, Health Plan
Services Corporation, Carlyle Industries, Inc.; and the Muscular Dystrophy
Association.

     Harve A. Ferrill has served as a Director of CBIZ since October 1996, when
he was elected as an outside director. Mr. Ferrill has served as Chief Executive
Officer of Advance Ross Corporation, a company that provides tax refunding
services ("ARC"), since 1991. Mr. Ferrill served as President of Advance Ross
Corporation from 1990 to 1993 and as Chairman of the Board from 1992 to 1996.
Since 1996, Advance Ross Corporation has been a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Cendant Corporation since 1996. Mr. Ferrill has served as President of Ferrill-
Plauche Co., Inc., a private investment company, since 1982. Mr. Ferrill also
serves on the Board of Directors of Gaylord Container Corporation.

     Richard C. Rochon has served as a Director of CBIZ since October 1996, when
he was elected as an outside director. Mr. Rochon has served since 1988 as
President of Huizenga Holdings, Inc., a management and holding company for
diversified investments in operating companies, joint ventures and real estate,
on behalf of its owner, Mr. H. Wayne Huizenga. Mr. Rochon also has served as a
director since September 1996 and as Vice Chairman since April 1997 of Boca
Resorts, Inc., the owner and operator of luxury resort properties.. From 1985
until 1988, Mr. Rochon served as Treasurer of Huizenga Holdings, Inc. and from
1979 until 1985, he was employed as a certified public accountant by the
international public accounting firm of Coopers & Lybrand, L.L.P.

OTHER KEY EMPLOYEES:

     Leonard Miller has served as CBIZ Business Solutions Practice Head since
November 2000. Mr. Miller was the President and Director of Financial Operations
for Miller Wagner & Company, Ltd. in Phoenix, Arizona for 22 years before the
firm joined the Century Business Services family and became Miller Wagner
Business Services, Inc. and Miller Wagner & Company, PLLC. Mr. Miller was the
Regional Managing Partner for Lester Witte and Company, which was responsible
for 11 offices in Chicago, Illinois for 15 years prior to co-founding Miller
Wagner & Company, Ltd. With over 38 years of experience, Mr. Miller is a
recognized expert in the fields of finance, real estate, general business
consulting and various litigation support matters. Professional affiliations
include the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, the Arizona
Society of Certified Public Accountants and the Illinois Society of Certified
Public Accountants (ISCPA).

     Teresa E. Bruce has served as Vice President of Human Resources since
January 1999. From 1998 to 1999 Ms. Bruce served as Director of Human Resources
for Robert D. O'Byrne & Associates, Inc. and The Grant Nelson Group, Inc.,
subsidiaries of CBIZ now known as CBIZ Benefits and Insurance Services, Inc. Ms.
Bruce has over 13 years of experience in human resources and is an active member
of the Greater Kansas City Chapter of The Human Resources Management Association
and Society of Human Resources Management.

     Chris Spurio has served as Vice President of Finance since July 1999.
Previously, Mr. Spurio was Controller since January 1998. Mr. Spurio also served
as Acting Chief Financial Officer from May 2000 to November 2000. Mr. Spurio was
associated with KPMG LLP, an international accounting firm, from July 1988 to
January 1998, serving as a Senior Manager of such firm from July 1995 to January
1998. Mr. Spurio is a CPA and a member of the American Institute of Certified
Public Accountants and the Ohio Society of Certified Public Accountants.

     Kelly J. Kuna has served as Corporate Controller since July 1999. Mrs. Kuna
served as Manager of External Reporting from December 1998 to June 1999. Prior
to joining CBIZ, Mrs. Kuna was associated with KPMG LLP, an international
accounting firm, from 1992 to December 1998, serving as a Senior Manager of such
firm from July 1998 to December 1998. Mrs. Kuna is a CPA and a member of the
American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the Ohio Society of
Certified Public Accountants.

     Michael W. Gleespen has served as Corporate Secretary since March 2001. Mr.
Gleespen is an attorney and has served as CBIZ's Vice President of Regulatory
Compliance and Accountancy Compliance Officer and Technical Director since
February 1998. Prior to joining CBIZ, Mr. Gleespen was an Assistant Ohio
Attorney General in the Business & Government Regulation Section and the Court
of Claims Defense Section from 1988 until 1998, during which time he was counsel
to the Ohio Accountancy Board, the Ohio State Teachers Retirement System and
represented many other state departments and agencies. Mr. Gleespen also held
the post of Associate Attorney General for Pension, Disability and Annuity Plans
and was the Co-Chairman of the Public

                                        26
<PAGE>   27

Pension Plan Working Group. Mr. Gleespen is a member of the Board of Directors
of the Cancer Hope Foundation and is a member of the American Society of
Corporate Secretaries.

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

     Information with respect to this item is incorporated by reference to
CBIZ's definitive proxy statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission no later than 120 days after the end of CBIZ's fiscal year.

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

     Information with respect to this item is incorporated by reference to
CBIZ's definitive proxy statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission no later than 120 days after the end of CBIZ's fiscal year.

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

     The following is a summary of certain agreements and transactions between
or among CBIZ and certain related parties. It is CBIZ's policy to enter into
transactions with related parties on terms that, on the whole, are no less
favorable than those that would be available from unaffiliated parties. Based on
CBIZ's experience and the terms of its transactions with unaffiliated parties,
it is the Board of Directors' belief that the transactions described below met
these standards at the time of the transactions.

     A number of the businesses acquired since October 1996 are located in
properties owned indirectly by and leased from persons employed by CBIZ. In the
aggregate, in 2000, CBIZ paid approximately $1.5 million under such leases,
which were at competitive market rates.

     A director of CBIZ is a partner of Akin, Gump, Strauss, Hauer & Feld,
L.L.P. Akin, Gump performed legal work for CBIZ during 2000 for which the firm
received approximately $116,000 from CBIZ.

                                    PART IV

ITEM 14. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K.

     (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report or
incorporated by reference:

          1. Financial Statements.

             As to financial statements and supplementary information, reference
             is made to "Index to Financial Statements" on page F-1 of this
             Annual Report.

          2. Financial Statement Schedules.

             As to financial statement schedules, reference is made to "Index to
             Financial Statements" on page F-1 of this Annual Report.

          3. Exhibits.

             The following documents are filed as exhibits to this Form 10-K
             pursuant to Item 601 of Regulation S-K.

                                        27
<PAGE>   28

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
EXHIBIT NO.                           DESCRIPTION
-----------                           -----------
<C>           <S>
    3.1       Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Century
              (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to Century's Registration Statement on
              Form 10, file no. 0-25890, and incorporated herein by
              reference).
    3.2       Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation
              of Century dated October 18, 1996 (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to
              Century's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
              December 31, 1996, and incorporated herein by reference).
    3.3       Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation
              of Century effective December 23, 1997 (filed as Exhibit 3.3
              to Century's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
              December 31, 1997, and incorporated herein by reference).
    3.4       Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of Incorporation
              of Century dated September 10, 1998 (filed as Exhibit 3.4 to
              Century's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
              December 31, 1998, and incorporated herein by reference).
    3.5       Amended and Restated Bylaws of Century (filed as Exhibit 3.2
              to Century's Registration Statement on Form 10, file no.
              0-25890, and incorporated herein by reference).
    4.1       Form of Stock Certificate of Common Stock of Century (filed
              as Exhibit 4.1 to Century's Annual Report Form 10-K for the
              year ended December 31, 1998, and incorporated herein by
              reference).
   10.1       Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of October 3,
              1997, and as Amended and Restated as of August 10, 1998 and
              August 24, 1999 by and among Century and Bank of America,
              N.A. as Agent and Letter of Credit Issuing Bank and Swing
              Line Bank and Other Financial Institutions (filed as Exhibit
              99.9 to Century's Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended
              September 30, 1999, and incorporated herein by reference).
   10.2       First Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement
              dated March 24, 2000, by and among Century and the Lenders
              party to the Credit Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to
              Century's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
              December 31, 1999, and incorporated herein by reference.)
   10.4       Third Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement
              dated September 22, 2000, by and among Century and the
              Lenders party to the Credit Agreement (filed as Exhibit 99.6
              to Century's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period
              ended September 30, 2000, and incorporated herein by
              reference).
   10.5*      Fourth Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement,
              dated March 30, 2001, by and among Century and the Lenders
              party to the Credit Agreement.
   10.6       Form of Warrant to purchase 900,000 shares of Century's
              common stock issued to Jackson National Life Insurance
              Company (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Century's Annual Report
              Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1998, and
              incorporated herein by reference).
   10.7       1996 Employee Stock Option Plan (filed as Appendix I to
              Century's Proxy Statement 1997 Annual Meeting of
              Stockholders dated April 1, 1997 and incorporated herein by
              reference).
   10.8       Amendment to the 1996 Employee Stock Option Plan (filed as
              Exhibit 99.2 to Century's Current Report on Form 8-K dated
              December 14, 1998, and filed January 12, 1999 and
              incorporated herein by reference).
   10.9*      Amendment to the 1996 Employee Stock Option Plan, as filed
              on Secretary's Certificate.
   10.10      Agents 1997 Stock Option Plan (filed as Appendix II to
              Century's Proxy Statement 1997 Annual Meeting of
              Stockholders dated April 1, 1997 and incorporated herein by
              reference).
   10.11*     Severance Protection Agreement by and between Century
              Business Services, Inc. and Jerome P. Grikso, Jr.
   10.12*     Severance Protection Agreement by and between Century
              Business Services, Inc. and Charles D. Hamm, Jr.
   10.13*     Employment Agreement by and between Century Business
              Services, Inc. and Steven L. Gerard.
   10.14*     Employment Agreement by and between Century Business
              Services, Inc. and Ware H. Grove.
</TABLE>

                                        28
<PAGE>   29

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
EXHIBIT NO.                           DESCRIPTION
-----------                           -----------
<C>           <S>
   21.1*      List of Subsidiaries of Century Business Services, Inc.
   23*        Consent of KPMG LLP
   24*        Powers of attorney (included on the signature page hereto).
</TABLE>

---------------

* Indicates documents filed herewith.

(b)  Reports on Form 8-K

     Century Business Services, Inc. filed the following Current Reports on Form
     8-K during the three months ended December 31, 2000:

     Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 17, 2000. The Current Report
     covered the following items:

     On September 26, 2000, Mr. Joseph J. Plumeri, Jr. resigned his position as
     Lead Director to pursue other interests.

     On October 6, 2000, Century completed the sale of the risk-bearing
     insurance division previously announced.

     On October 12, 2000, Century announced the appointment of Steven L. Gerard
     as Chief Executive Officer and Director.

                                        29
<PAGE>   30

                                   SIGNATURES

     Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, Century has duly caused this Annual Report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                                          CENTURY BUSINESS SERVICES, INC.
                                          (Registrant)

                                          By: /s/ WARE H. GROVE
                                            ------------------------------------
                                            Ware H. Grove
                                            Chief Financial Officer
                                            March 30, 2001

     KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS that each person whose signature appears
below on this Annual Report hereby constitutes and appoints Steven L. Gerard and
Ware Grove, and each of them, with full power to act without the other, his true
and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution for him
and his name, place and stead, in all capacities (until revoked in writing), to
sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report of Century Business Services,
Inc. and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in
connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto
each attorney-in-fact and agent, full power and authority to do and perform each
and every act and thing requisite and necessary fully to all intents and
purposes as he might or could do in person, thereby ratifying and confirming all
that each attorney-in-fact and agent, or their or his substitute or substitutes,
may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

     Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, this Annual Report has been signed below by the following persons on
behalf of Century Business Services, Inc. and in the capacities and on the date
indicated above.

<TABLE>
<S>                                                         <C>
/s/ STEVEN L. GERARD                                        /s/ JOSEPH S. DIMARTINO
-----------------------------------------------------       -----------------------------------------------------
Steven L. Gerard                                            Joseph S. DiMartino
Chief Executive Officer and Director                        Director

/s/ MICHAEL G. DEGROOTE                                     /s/ HARVE A. FERRILL
-----------------------------------------------------       -----------------------------------------------------
Michael G. DeGroote                                         Harve A. Ferrill
Chairman of the Board                                       Director

/s/ WARE H. GROVE                                           /s/ HUGH P. LOWENSTEIN
-----------------------------------------------------       -----------------------------------------------------
Ware H. Grove                                               Hugh P. Lowenstein
Chief Financial Officer                                     Director
(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)

/s/ RICK L. BURDICK                                         /s/ RICHARD C. ROCHON
-----------------------------------------------------       -----------------------------------------------------
Rick L. Burdick                                             Richard C. Rochon
Director                                                    Director
</TABLE>

                                        30
<PAGE>   31

                CENTURY BUSINESS SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                         INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                PAGE
                                                                ----
<S>                                                             <C>
CENTURY BUSINESS SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

  Independent Auditors' Report..............................     F-2

  Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2000 and
     1999...................................................     F-3

  Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended
     December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998.......................     F-4

  Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the
     years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998...........     F-5

  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended
     December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998.......................     F-6

  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements............     F-7

  Schedule II -- Valuation and Qualifying Accounts and
     reserves for the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999
     and 1998...............................................    F-38

  Schedule III -- Supplemental Insurance Information for the
     years ended December 31, 1999 and 1998.................    F-39

  Schedule IV -- Reinsurance for the years ended December
     31, 1999 and 1998......................................    F-40
</TABLE>

                                       F-1
<PAGE>   32

                          INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT

The Board of Directors and Stockholders
Century Business Services, Inc.:

     We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Century Business
Services, Inc. and Subsidiaries (Company) as listed in the accompanying index on
page F-1. In connection with our audits of the consolidated financial
statements, we also have audited the consolidated financial statement schedules
as listed in the accompanying index on page F-1. These consolidated financial
statements and financial statement schedules are the responsibility of the
Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these
consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedules based on our
audits.

     We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally
accepted in the United States of America. Those standards require that we plan
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a
test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

     In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Century
Business Services, Inc. and Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2000 and 1999, and
the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the years in
the three-year period ended December 31, 2000, in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also, in our
opinion, the related financial statement schedules, when considered in relation
to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, present fairly,
in all material respects, the information set forth therein.

     As discussed in note 1 and note 14 to the consolidated financial
statements, the Company adopted Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 101 and changed
certain revenue recognition policies effective January 1, 2000.

                                          /s/ KPMG LLP

Cleveland, Ohio
March 6, 2001, except as to paragraph 1 of note 18, which is as of March 30,
2001

                                       F-2
<PAGE>   33

                CENTURY BUSINESS SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                          CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
                           DECEMBER 31, 2000 AND 1999

                     (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                2000        1999
                                                              --------    --------
<S>                                                           <C>         <C>
                           ASSETS
Current assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents.................................  $ 15,970    $ 24,740
  Restricted cash and funds held for clients................    80,590      59,666
  Accounts receivable, less allowance for doubtful accounts
     of $22,156 and $13,272.................................   142,682     188,359
  Notes receivable -- current...............................       667       3,209
  Income taxes recoverable..................................    22,519      14,835
  Deferred income taxes.....................................     9,895       9,912
  Other current assets......................................    13,864      16,489
  Net assets of discontinued operations.....................        --      36,813
                                                              --------    --------
          Total current assets..............................   286,187     354,023
Goodwill, net of accumulated amortization of $47,261 and
  $18,527...................................................   281,268     379,922
Property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation of
  $29,813 and $21,792.......................................    59,349      56,148
Notes receivable -- non-current.............................     3,564       4,856
Deferred income taxes -- non-current........................     2,028          --
Other assets................................................    17,098      14,136
                                                              --------    --------
          Total Assets......................................  $649,494    $809,085
                                                              ========    ========
                        LIABILITIES
Current liabilities:
  Accounts payable..........................................  $ 35,220    $ 41,228
  Notes payable and capitalized leases -- current...........     4,382       6,534
  Client fund obligations...................................    39,719      18,254
  Accrued expenses..........................................    45,455      54,321
                                                              --------    --------
          Total current liabilities.........................   124,776     120,337
Bank debt...................................................   117,500     144,000
Notes payable and capitalized leases -- non-current.........     1,432       1,345
Deferred income taxes.......................................        --      11,968
Accrued expenses............................................    18,848      18,303
                                                              --------    --------
          Total Liabilities.................................   262,556     295,953
                                                              --------    --------
                    STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Common stock, par value $.01 per share
     Authorized -- 250,000 shares/share
     Issued and outstanding -- 94,697 shares at December 31,
     2000; 93,341 shares at December 31, 1999...............       947         933
Additional paid-in capital..................................   438,681     443,052
Retained earnings (deficit).................................   (51,906)     74,170
Unearned ESOP...............................................        --      (1,795)
Treasury stock..............................................      (754)       (754)
Accumulated other comprehensive loss........................       (30)     (2,474)
                                                              --------    --------
          Total Stockholders' Equity........................   386,938     513,132
          Commitments and Contingencies.....................
                                                              --------    --------
          Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity........  $649,494    $809,085
                                                              ========    ========
</TABLE>

      See the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.
                                       F-3
<PAGE>   34

                CENTURY BUSINESS SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
                  YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000, 1999 AND 1998

                     (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                              2000         1999        1998
                                                            ---------    --------    --------
<S>                                                         <C>          <C>         <C>
Revenue...................................................  $ 567,815    $546,393    $359,468
Expenses:
  Operating...............................................    510,029     454,051     282,674
  Corporate general and administrative....................     24,694      19,138       5,155
  Depreciation and amortization...........................     44,335      23,470      11,074
  Merger-related..........................................         --       5,789       4,535
                                                            ---------    --------    --------
          Total expenses..................................    579,058     502,448     303,438
Operating income (loss)...................................    (11,243)     43,945      56,030
Other income (expense):
  Interest expense........................................    (12,113)     (6,602)     (3,241)
  Goodwill impairment.....................................    (48,198)         --          --
  Gain (loss) on sale of operations.......................    (31,576)     (7,067)      1,450
  Other income (expense), net.............................     (7,509)     (4,397)      3,361
                                                            ---------    --------    --------
          Total other income (expense)....................    (99,396)    (18,066)      1,570
Income (loss) from continuing operations before income tax
  expense (benefit).......................................   (110,639)     25,879      57,600
Income tax expense (benefit)..............................     (3,379)     14,449      20,590
                                                            ---------    --------    --------
Income (loss) from continuing operations..................   (107,260)     11,430      37,010
Income (loss) from operations of discontinued business
  (net of income tax (benefit) expense of $(1,261)
  $(1,068) and $3,275, respectively)......................     (1,214)     (3,596)      6,880
Loss on disposal of discontinued business (net of income
  tax benefit of $3,002, $210, and $0, respectively)......     (5,697)       (391)         --
                                                            ---------    --------    --------
Income (loss) before cumulative effect of change in
  accounting principle....................................   (114,171)      7,443      43,890
Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle, net
  of income tax benefit of $7,936.........................    (11,905)         --          --
                                                            ---------    --------    --------
Net income (loss).........................................  $(126,076)   $  7,443    $ 43,890
                                                            =========    ========    ========
Earnings (loss) per share:
  Basic:
     Continuing operations................................  $   (1.13)   $   0.13    $   0.55
     Discontinued operations..............................      (0.07)      (0.04)       0.10
     Cumulative effect of change in accounting
       principle..........................................      (0.13)         --          --
                                                            ---------    --------    --------
     Net income (loss)....................................  $   (1.33)   $   0.09    $   0.65
                                                            =========    ========    ========
  Diluted:
     Continuing operations................................  $   (1.13)   $   0.12    $   0.46
     Discontinued operations..............................      (0.07)      (0.04)       0.08
     Cumulative effect of change in accounting
       principle..........................................      (0.13)         --          --
                                                            ---------    --------    --------
     Net income (loss)....................................  $   (1.33)   $   0.08    $   0.54
                                                            =========    ========    ========
  Weighted-average common shares outstanding:
     Basic................................................     94,674      86,851      67,880
                                                            =========    ========    ========
     Diluted..............................................     94,674      91,702      81,084
                                                            =========    ========    ========
</TABLE>

      See the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.
                                       F-4
<PAGE>   35

                CENTURY BUSINESS SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

                  YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000, 1999 AND 1998

                     (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                              ACCUMULATED
                                              ADDITIONAL   RETAINED    UNEARNED                  OTHER
                                     COMMON    PAID-IN     EARNINGS      ESOP     TREASURY   COMPREHENSIVE
                            SHARES   STOCK     CAPITAL     (DEFICIT)    SHARES     STOCK     INCOME (LOSS)    TOTALS
                            ------   ------   ----------   ---------   --------   --------   -------------   ---------
<S>                         <C>      <C>      <C>          <C>         <C>        <C>        <C>             <C>
December 31, 1997.........  54,033    $540     $134,303    $  29,369   $(2,888)   $(1,655)      $ 1,747      $ 161,416
  Comprehensive income:
    Net income............      --      --           --       43,890        --         --            --             --
    Foreign translation
      and other...........                                                                          (52)            --
    Change in unrealized
      appreciation, net of
      tax.................      --      --           --           --        --         --        (1,576)            --
                            ------    ----     --------    ---------   -------    -------       -------      ---------
         Total
           comprehensive
           income.........      --      --           --       43,890        --         --        (1,628)        42,262
                            ------    ----     --------    ---------   -------    -------       -------      ---------
  Pre-merger transactions
    of pooled entities....      --      --         (708)      (3,932)      339      1,581            --         (2,720)
  Stock issuances.........   3,800      38       47,657           --        --         --            --         47,695
  Stock options...........      61       1          679           --        --         --            --            680
  Warrants................   8,902      88       35,378           --        --         --            --         35,466
  Business acquisitions
    and contingent
    payments..............  12,764     128      119,434           --        --         --            --        119,562
                            ------    ----     --------    ---------   -------    -------       -------      ---------
December 31, 1998.........  79,560     795      336,743       69,327    (2,549)       (74)          119        404,361
  Comprehensive income:
    Net income............      --      --           --        7,443        --         --            --             --
    Foreign translation
      and other...........                                                                           63             --
    Change in unrealized
      appreciation, net of
      tax.................      --      --           --           --        --         --        (2,656)            --
                            ------    ----     --------    ---------   -------    -------       -------      ---------
         Total
           comprehensive
           income.........      --      --           --        7,443        --         --        (2,593)         4,850
                            ------    ----     --------    ---------   -------    -------       -------      ---------
  Pre-merger transactions
    of pooled entities....      --      --          (32)      (2,600)                  74                       (2,558)
  Allocation of ESOP
    shares................      --      --          164           --        --         --            --            164
  Purchase of treasury
    stock.................      --      --           --           --       754       (754)                          --
  Stock issuances.........   1,744      18       24,982           --        --         --            --         25,000
  Stock options...........       1      --          267           --        --         --            --            267
  Warrants................   4,365      44       18,480           --        --         --            --         18,524
  Business acquisitions
    and contingent
    payments..............   7,671      76       62,448           --        --         --            --         62,524
                            ------    ----     --------    ---------   -------    -------       -------      ---------
December 31, 1999.........  93,341     933      443,052       74,170    (1,795)      (754)       (2,474)       513,132
  Comprehensive income:
    Net loss..............      --      --           --     (126,076)       --         --            --             --
    Change in unrealized
      appreciation, net of
      tax.................      --      --           --           --        --         --         2,444             --
                            ------    ----     --------    ---------   -------    -------       -------      ---------
         Total
           comprehensive
           income.........      --      --           --     (126,076)       --         --         2,444       (123,632)
                            ------    ----     --------    ---------   -------    -------       -------      ---------
  Allocation of ESOP......      --      --       (1,795)          --     1,795         --            --             --
  Warrants................      56       1          157           --        --         --            --            158
  Business acquisitions
    and contingent
    payments..............   1,300      13       (2,733)          --        --         --            --         (2,720)
                            ------    ----     --------    ---------   -------    -------       -------      ---------
December 31, 2000.........  94,697    $947     $438,681    $ (51,906)  $    --    $  (754)      $   (30)     $ 386,938
                            ======    ====     ========    =========   =======    =======       =======      =========
</TABLE>

      See the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.
                                       F-5
<PAGE>   36

                CENTURY BUSINESS SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

                  YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000, 1999 AND 1998

                                 (IN THOUSANDS)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                             2000         1999         1998
                                                           ---------    ---------    --------
<S>                                                        <C>          <C>          <C>
Cash flows from operating activities:
  Income (loss) from continuing operations...............  $(107,260)   $  11,430    $ 37,010
  Adjustments to reconcile income (loss) from continuing
     operations to net cash provided by (used in)
     operating activities:
     Consolidation and integration accrual...............         --       20,366          --
     Bad debt expense....................................     26,693        9,831       2,306
     Accounts receivable reduction due to change in
       accounting principle..............................     19,209           --          --
     Note impairment charge..............................      1,640        8,952          --
     Loss (gain) on sale of operations...................     31,576        7,067      (1,450)
     Depreciation and amortization.......................     44,335       23,470      11,074
     Goodwill impairment.................................     48,198           --          --
     Deferred income taxes...............................     (1,494)      (8,787)     (2,019)
  Changes in assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions
     and dispositions:
     Accounts receivable, net............................    (20,946)     (57,661)    (40,029)
     Other assets........................................     (2,872)      (8,164)     (7,325)
     Accounts payable....................................     (6,715)          83      10,604
     Income taxes........................................     (7,734)     (22,766)      3,532
     Accrued expenses and other liabilities..............     (8,251)     (14,485)      3,759
     Other, net..........................................      1,068        4,791        (546)
                                                           ---------    ---------    --------
          Net cash provided by (used in) operating
            activities...................................     17,447      (25,873)     16,916
                                                           ---------    ---------    --------
Cash flows from investing activities:
  Business acquisitions, net of cash acquired and
     contingent consideration............................     (8,973)     (42,994)    (76,063)
  Proceeds from dispositions of businesses...............     34,599           --       2,744
  Additions to property and equipment....................    (20,136)     (33,725)    (13,194)
  Net decrease in notes receivable.......................      2,194        1,402       6,067
                                                           ---------    ---------    --------
          Net cash provided by (used in) investing
            activities...................................      7,684      (75,317)    (80,446)
                                                           ---------    ---------    --------
Cash flows from financing activities:
  Proceeds from bank debt................................    102,600      226,000      92,075
  Proceeds from notes payable and capitalized leases.....      3,296       13,003       5,460
  Payment of bank debt...................................   (129,100)    (126,000)    (56,476)
  Payment of notes payable and capitalized leases........    (10,838)     (55,989)    (38,559)
  Pre-merger equity transactions.........................         --       (2,558)     (2,720)
  Proceeds from stock issuances..........................         17       25,000      47,695
  Proceeds from exercise of stock options and warrants...        124       18,791      36,146
                                                           ---------    ---------    --------
          Net cash (used in) provided by financing
            activities...................................    (33,901)      98,247      83,621
                                                           ---------    ---------    --------
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents.....     (8,770)      (2,943)     20,091
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year...........     24,740       27,683       7,592
                                                           ---------    ---------    --------
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year.................  $  15,970    $  24,740    $ 27,683
                                                           =========    =========    ========
</TABLE>

      See the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.
                                       F-6
<PAGE>   37

                CENTURY BUSINESS SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

1. ORGANIZATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

  Organization

     Century Business Services, Inc. and subsidiaries (CBIZ) is a diversified
services company, which, acting through its subsidiaries, provides professional
outsourced business services primarily to small and medium-sized businesses, as
well as individuals, governmental entities, and not-for-profit enterprises
throughout the United States and Toronto, Canada. CBIZ offers integrated
services in the following areas: accounting, tax, valuation, and advisory
services; benefits administration and insurance services; human resources and
payroll services; performance consulting services; and information technology
services.

  Basis of Consolidation

     The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of
CBIZ and its wholly owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany accounts
and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.

  Accounting Estimates

     In preparing the consolidated financial statements, management is required
to make certain estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of
assets and liabilities and the disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities
as of the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts
of revenues and expenses for the reporting period. Actual results could differ
from those estimates.

  Cash and Cash Equivalents

     Cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand and short-term highly liquid
investments with a maturity of three months or less at the date of purchase. The
carrying amount approximates fair value because of the short maturity of those
instruments.

  Restricted Cash and Funds Held for Clients

     Restricted cash represents funds on deposit from clients related to its
payroll and payroll tax filing services, and insurance related services. In
addition, a portion of restricted cash pertains to fees earned by CBIZ in
relation to its capital and investment advisory services, those funds are
restricted in accordance with applicable NASD regulations.

     As part of its payroll and payroll tax filing services, CBIZ is engaged in
the preparation of payroll checks, federal, state, and local payroll tax
returns, and the collection and remittance of payroll obligations. In relation
to its payroll services, CBIZ collects payroll funds from its client's account
in advance of paying the client's employees. Likewise, for its payroll tax
filing services, CBIZ collects payroll taxes from its clients in advance of
paying the various taxing authorities. Those funds that are collected before
they are due are invested in short-term investment grade instruments. The funds
held for clients and the related client fund obligations are included in the
consolidated balance sheets as current assets and current liabilities,
respectively. The amount of collected but not yet remitted funds for CBIZ's
payroll and tax filing services varies significantly during the year.

     For its insurance business, funds on deposit from clients pertains to the
administering and settling of claims, and the pass through of insurance premiums
to the insurance carrier. A related liability for these funds is recorded in
accrued expenses in the consolidated balance sheets.

  Other Financial Instruments

     The carrying amount of CBIZ's accounts receivable and payables approximates
fair value because of the short maturity of these instruments. The carrying
value of bank debt approximates fair value. The interest rate on the bank debt
is variable and approximates current market rates.

                                       F-7
<PAGE>   38
                CENTURY BUSINESS SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- CONTINUED

  Goodwill

     Goodwill is being amortized on a straight-line basis over the expected
periods to be benefited. During the fourth quarter of 1999, CBIZ shortened its
goodwill amortization period from periods up to 40 years to 15 years, beginning
October 1, 1999. It is CBIZ's policy to evaluate continually the period of
amortization and recoverability of goodwill based on an evaluation of such
factors as the occurrence of a significant adverse event or change in the
environment in which the business operates or if the expected future net cash
flows, undiscounted and without interest, would become less than the carrying
amount of the asset. An impairment loss would be recorded in the period such
determination is made based on the fair value of the related businesses. In
2000, CBIZ recorded a goodwill impairment charge of $48.2 million associated
with eleven business units. CBIZ also recorded a $27.2 million goodwill
write-down in 2000 resulting from the divestiture of two business units and the
planned divestiture of two additional business units. See notes 13 and 15 for
additional information regarding these charges. Amortization expense from
continuing operations was approximately $29.2 million, $12.7 million and $4.8
million in 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively.

  Property and Equipment

     Property and equipment are recorded at cost, less accumulated depreciation
and amortization. Depreciation and amortization are provided on the
straight-line basis over estimated useful lives.

  Income Taxes

     Income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax
consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement
carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax
bases and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and
liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable
income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be
recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a
change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the
enactment date.

  Revenue Recognition and SAB 101

     During the fourth quarter of 2000, CBIZ adopted Securities and Exchange
Commission Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 101 (SAB 101), "Revenue Recognized in
Financial Statements." SAB 101 summarizes certain of the Commission's views in
applying generally accepted accounting principles to revenue recognition in
financial statements. In light of the guidance given by SAB 101 and the SEC's
"Frequently Asked Questions and Answers" bulletin released on October 12, 2000,
CBIZ changed certain revenue recognition policies effective January 1, 2000.

     Due to this change, CBIZ recorded a cumulative adjustment in the first
quarter 2000 of $11.9 million (net of tax benefit of $7.9 million). The impact
in 2000 of adopting SAB 101 resulted in a reduction in revenue of approximately
$18.2 million, a reduction in operating expense of approximately $11.4 million,
and a reduction in income from continuing operations (before cumulative effect
of accounting change) of approximately $6.8 million (pretax). See note 5 for the
impact on deferred taxes and note 15 for the impact on previously reported
quarterly financial information.

     Revenues consist primarily of fees for preparation of tax returns,
consulting services, brokerage and agency commissions, and fee income for
administering health and retirement plans. Revenues are recorded in the period
in which they are earned. CBIZ bills clients based upon a predetermined agreed
upon fixed fee or actual hours incurred on client projects at expected net
realizable rates per hour, plus any out-of-pocket expenses. All reimbursements
of out-of-pocket expenses are netted against the related expense item and
reported in "operating expenses" in the consolidated statements of operations.
The cumulative impact on any subsequent revision in the

                                       F-8
<PAGE>   39
                CENTURY BUSINESS SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- CONTINUED

estimated realizable value of unbilled fees for a particular client project is
reflected in the period in which the change becomes known. Commissions relating
to brokerage and agency activities whereby CBIZ has primary responsibility for
the collection of premiums from insureds are generally recognized as of the
latter of the effective date of the insurance policy or the date billed to the
customer. Commissions to be received directly from insurance companies are
generally recognized when the amounts are determined. Commission revenues are
reported net of sub-broker commission. Contingent commissions are generally
recognized at the earlier of notification from the carrier, or receipt of
payment. Fee income is recognized as services are rendered, with the exception
of fees related to CBIZ's physician practice management services, which are
recognized when collections are received on our clients' accounts.

  Earnings per Share

     Basic earnings per share are computed by dividing net income by the
weighted average number of shares outstanding for the period. Diluted earnings
per share include the dilutive effect of stock options, warrants and contingent
shares.

  Stock Options

     Compensation expense is recorded on the date of grant only if the current
market price of the underlying stock exceeds the exercise price. CBIZ provides
pro forma net income and pro forma earnings per share disclosures for employee
stock option grants as if the fair-value-based method had been applied. See note
9 to the consolidated financial statements.

  Recent Accounting Pronouncements

     Financial Accounting Standards Board's (FASB) Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 133, "Accounting for Derivative Instruments and
Hedging Activities" requires that entities recognize all derivatives as either
assets or liabilities in the statement of financial position and measure those
instruments at fair value. Gains and losses resulting from changes in the fair
values of those derivatives are to be accounted for depending on the use of the
derivative and whether it qualifies for hedge accounting. We plan on adopting
SFAS No. 133 on January 1, 2001; and do not believe that the adoption will have
a material effect on our financial condition or results of operations.

  Reclassifications

     Certain amounts in the prior period consolidated financial statements have
been reclassified to conform to the current year's presentation.

2. ACQUISITIONS

     During fiscal 2000, CBIZ acquired two businesses that were accounted for
under the purchase method of accounting, and accordingly, the operating results
of the acquired companies have been included in the accompanying consolidated
financial statements since the dates of acquisition. The aggregate purchase
price of these acquisitions was approximately $2.5 million, comprised of $1.4
million in cash, a $0.8 million note payable, and 39,209 shares of restricted
common stock (estimated fair value of $0.3 million at acquisition). The
aggregate purchase price has been allocated to the net assets of the acquired
companies based upon their respective fair market values. The excess of the
purchase price over fair value of net assets acquired (goodwill) approximated
$3.4 million and is being amortized over a 15-year period.

     During fiscal 1999, CBIZ acquired thirty-five complementary businesses,
thirty of which were accounted for under the purchase method of accounting, and
accordingly, the operating results of the acquired companies have been included
in the accompanying consolidated financial statements since the dates of
acquisition. The aggregate

                                       F-9
<PAGE>   40
                CENTURY BUSINESS SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- CONTINUED

purchase price of these acquisitions was approximately $77.7 million, comprised
of $29.7 million in cash, $0.5 million in assumed liabilities, and 5.6 million
shares of restricted common stock (estimated fair value of $47.5 million at
acquisition). The aggregate purchase price excludes future contingent
consideration of up to $21.7 million, comprised of $10.1 million in cash and
notes and 1.5 million shares of restricted common stock (estimated stock value
of $11.6 million at acquisition), which is based on the acquired companies'
ability to meet or exceed certain performance goals. The aggregate purchase
price, excluding future contingent consideration, has been allocated to the net
assets of the acquired companies based upon their respective fair market values.
The excess of the purchase price over fair value of net assets acquired
(goodwill) approximated $71.9 million and is being amortized over a 15-year
period.

     As a result of the nature of the assets and liabilities of the businesses
acquired, there were no material identifiable intangible assets or liabilities.
Future contingent consideration is recorded as additional purchase price when
performance goals have been met and shares and cash have been released from
escrow.

     The pro forma revenue and results of operations for the two acquisitions
completed in fiscal 2000, had the acquisitions occurred at the beginning of 2000
and 1999, are not significant, and accordingly, have not been provided.

     Several pooling-of-interests transactions completed in prior years involved
enterprises that previously had not been subjected to income taxes. Accordingly,
pro forma adjustments have been presented in the table below (in thousands).

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                         2000        1999       1998
                                                       ---------    -------    -------
<S>                                                    <C>          <C>        <C>
Pro forma income (loss) data -- unaudited:
  Income (loss) from continuing operations...........  $(107,260)   $11,430    $37,010
  Pro forma adjustment for income tax expense........         --      1,762      1,767
                                                       ---------    -------    -------
  Pro forma income (loss) from continuing
     operations......................................  $(107,260)   $ 9,668    $35,243
                                                       =========    =======    =======
Pro forma earnings (loss) per share from continuing
  operations:
  Basic (loss) earnings per share....................  $   (1.13)   $  0.11    $  0.52
  Diluted (loss) earnings per share..................  $   (1.13)   $  0.11    $  0.44
</TABLE>

3. INVESTMENTS

     Included in other assets (non-current) at December 31, 2000 and 1999, are
investments accounted for under the cost method of accounting of $2.7 million
and $2.5 million, respectively. CBIZ acquired an ownership interest of
approximately 20% in Fundscape.com, which was being accounted for under the
equity method in 1999. At December 31, 1999, CBIZ's investment in Fundscape.com
was $0.8 million, which includes its proportionate share of Fundscape.com's
operating losses for 1999 of $0.2 million. In 2000, CBIZ's ownership interest
dropped to approximately 11% and is currently being accounted for under the cost
method. CBIZ also has a 3% ownership interest in QuikCAT.com, which is being
accounted for under the cost method. At December 31, 2000 and 1999, CBIZ's
investment in QuikCAT.com was $1.8 million. In addition, CBIZ has an outstanding
trade receivable from QuikCAT.com of $0.5 million and $1.3 million at December
31, 2000, and 1999, respectively. Although the market value of CBIZ's
investments in Fundscape.com and QuikCAT.com are not readily determinable,
management believes the fair value of these investments exceeds their carrying
amounts.

                                       F-10
<PAGE>   41
                CENTURY BUSINESS SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- CONTINUED

4. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, NET

     Property and equipment, net at December 31, 2000 and 1999 consisted of the
following (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                2000        1999
                                                              --------    --------
<S>                                                           <C>         <C>
Buildings and improvement...................................  $  8,420    $  7,260
Furniture and fixtures......................................    21,063      23,940
Equipment and capitalized software..........................    59,679      46,740
                                                              --------    --------
                                                                89,162      77,940
Less accumulated depreciation...............................   (29,813)    (21,792)
                                                              --------    --------
                                                              $ 59,349    $ 56,148
                                                              ========    ========
</TABLE>

     Depreciation and amortization expense was approximately $15.2 million in
2000, $10.8 million in 1999 and $6.3 million in 1998.

5. INCOME TAXES

     A summary of income tax expense (benefit) included in the consolidated
statements of operations is as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                          2000       1999       1998
                                                        --------    -------    -------
<S>                                                     <C>         <C>        <C>
Continuing operations:
  Current:
     Federal and international........................  $  1,789    $20,991    $19,099
     State and local..................................       798      2,245      3,510
                                                        --------    -------    -------
                                                           2,587     23,236     22,609
  Deferred............................................    (5,966)    (8,787)    (2,019)
                                                        --------    -------    -------
          Total continuing operations.................    (3,379)    14,449     20,590
Discontinued operations...............................    (1,261)    (1,068)     3,275
Loss on sale of discontinued operations...............    (3,002)      (210)        --
Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle...    (7,936)        --         --
                                                        --------    -------    -------
                                                        $(15,578)   $13,171    $23,865
                                                        ========    =======    =======
</TABLE>

     The provision for income taxes attributable to earnings (loss) from
continuing operations differed from the amount obtained by applying the federal
statutory income tax rate to income (loss) from continuing operations before
income taxes, as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                          2000       1999       1998
                                                        --------    -------    -------
<S>                                                     <C>         <C>        <C>
Tax at statutory rate.................................  $(38,724)   $ 9,058    $20,160
State taxes (net of federal benefit)..................    (1,171)       658      2,085
Change in valuation allowance.........................       700         --     (1,379)
Nondeductible goodwill................................    21,853      3,837      1,413
Acquired nontaxable entities..........................        --     (1,762)    (1,767)
Disposal of non-core business units...................    13,022      2,163         --
Other, net............................................       941        495         78
                                                        --------    -------    -------
Provision for income taxes from continuing
  operations..........................................  $ (3,379)   $14,449    $20,590
                                                        ========    =======    =======
Effective income tax rate.............................       3.1%      55.8%      35.7%
                                                        ========    =======    =======
Pro forma effective income tax rate on pooled
  entities............................................       3.1%      62.6%      38.9%
                                                        ========    =======    =======
</TABLE>

                                       F-11
<PAGE>   42
                CENTURY BUSINESS SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- CONTINUED

     The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to significant
portions of the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities from continuing
operations at December 31, 2000 and 1999, are as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                               2000       1999
                                                              -------    -------
<S>                                                           <C>        <C>
Deferred Tax Assets:
Net operating loss carryforwards............................  $ 4,382    $ 2,276
Deferred compensation.......................................      497      2,020
Allowance for doubtful accounts.............................    5,612      3,660
Consolidation and integration...............................    2,547      5,217
Note receivable impairment charge...........................       --      3,133
Cumulative change in accounting principle (SAB 101).........    7,936         --
Goodwill impairment.........................................    4,014         --
Legal reserve...............................................      870         --
Severance payments..........................................      837         --
Other deferred tax assets...................................      989        845
                                                              -------    -------
     Total gross deferred tax assets........................   27,684     17,151
     Less: valuation allowance..............................   (1,176)      (756)
                                                              -------    -------
     Net deferred tax assets................................   26,508     16,395
                                                              -------    -------
Deferred Tax Liabilities:
Change in accounting method.................................    7,351     12,333
Deferred commission revenues................................      689      1,985
Disposal of non-core business units.........................    1,816         --
Asset basis differential....................................    3,345      2,607
Other deferred tax liabilities..............................    1,384      1,526
                                                              -------    -------
     Total gross deferred tax liabilities...................   14,585     18,451
                                                              -------    -------
Net deferred tax asset (liability)..........................  $11,923    $(2,056)
                                                              =======    =======
</TABLE>

     CBIZ had U.S. net operating loss (NOL) carryforwards of approximately
$5,489,000 and $5,135,000 at December 31, 2000 and 1999, respectively, from the
separate return years of certain acquired entities. These losses are subject to
limitations regarding the offset of CBIZ's future taxable income and will begin
to expire in 2007. CBIZ also had Canadian NOL carryforwards of approximately
$3,580,000 and $0 for the years ended December 31, 2000 and 1999, respectively.
The Canadian NOL carryforwards begin to expire in 2006.

     A valuation allowance is provided when it is more likely than not that some
portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. CBIZ determines
a valuation allowance based on its analysis of amounts available in the
statutory carryback period, consideration of future deductible amounts, and
assessment of the separate company profitability of certain acquired entities.
CBIZ has established valuation allowances for portions of the U.S. and Canadian
NOL carryforwards. The net change in the valuation allowance for the years ended
December 31, 2000 was an increase of $420,000. The net change included a
$700,000 increase that was recorded as an addition to income tax expense, and a
$280,000 decrease that was recorded as a reduction of acquired intangible
assets. The portion of the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets for which
subsequently recognized tax benefits will be allocated to reduce goodwill of
acquired entities is $476,000 and $756,000 at December 31, 2000 and 1999,
respectively.

                                       F-12
<PAGE>   43
                CENTURY BUSINESS SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- CONTINUED

6. BANK DEBT, NOTES PAYABLE AND CAPITALIZED LEASES

     Bank debt, notes payable and capitalized leases, consist of the following
(in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                  DECEMBER 31,
                                                              --------------------
                                                                2000        1999
                                                              --------    --------
<S>                                                           <C>         <C>
Bank debt:
  Revolving credit facilities, effective rates of 6.620% to
     10.625%................................................  $117,500    $144,000
                                                              ========    ========
  Weighted average rate.....................................       8.7%        6.1%
                                                              ========    ========
Notes payable and capitalized leases:
  Promissory notes payable to former owners of acquired
     businesses, primarily non-interest bearing, due 2001 to
     2003...................................................  $    367    $  2,291
  Other notes payable, effective rates of 6.0% to 13.9%, due
     2001 to 2006...........................................     4,742       4,691
  Capitalized leases, effective rates of 6.9% to 22.3%,
     payable in installments through 2004...................       705         897
                                                              --------    --------
                                                              $  5,814    $  7,879
                                                              ========    ========
</TABLE>

     CBIZ has a $172 million revolving credit facility with a group of 12 banks.
See Note 18 for discussion regarding the amendment to the bank credit agreement.
Under the facility, loans are charged an interest rate consisting of a base rate
(offshore or domestic) plus an applicable margin. Additionally, a commitment fee
of 35 to 50 basis points is charged on the unused portion of the facility.
Borrowings and commitments by the banks under the credit facility mature in
August 2004. As security for the payment of the credit facility, CBIZ has
assigned to the lending group a continuing security interest in accounts
receivables and stock of its subsidiaries, except for accounts receivable with
any governmental authority.

     The bank credit agreement contains certain financial covenants. These
covenants require the Company to maintain (i) a minimum consolidated net worth;
(ii) consolidated leverage ratio; and (iii) a minimum interest coverage ratio.
As a result of an Amendment to its credit facility, completed March 30, 2001,
CBIZ is in compliance with its covenants as of December 31, 2000. See Note 18
for discussion of the amendment to the bank credit agreement.

     The bank credit agreement also places significant restrictions on CBIZ's
ability to create liens or other encumbrances, to make certain payments
(including dividends), investments, loans and guarantees and to sell or
otherwise dispose of a substantial portion of assets, or to merge or consolidate
with an unaffiliated entity. The agreement contains a provision that, in the
event of a defined change in control, the agreement may be terminated.

     At December 31, 2000, aggregate maturities of notes payable, bank debt and
capitalized leases, were as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                       YEARS ENDING DECEMBER 31,
                       -------------------------
<S>                                                             <C>
2001........................................................    $  4,382
2002........................................................         701
2003........................................................         303
2004........................................................     117,707
2005........................................................         174
Thereafter..................................................          47
                                                                --------
                                                                $123,314
                                                                ========
</TABLE>

     Management believes that the carrying amounts of bank debt, notes payable
and capitalized leases recorded at December 31, 2000 approximate fair values.

                                       F-13
<PAGE>   44
                CENTURY BUSINESS SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- CONTINUED

7. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

  Operating Leases

     CBIZ leases certain of its premises and equipment under various operating
lease agreements. At December 31, 2000, future minimum rental commitments
becoming payable under all operating leases are as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                 YEARS ENDING DECEMBER 31,
                 -------------------------
<S>                                                             <C>
2001........................................................    $22,297
2002........................................................     18,165
2003........................................................     14,456
2004........................................................     12,072
2005........................................................      9,778
Thereafter..................................................     11,595
                                                                -------
                                                                $88,363
                                                                =======
</TABLE>

     Total rental expense incurred under operating leases was approximately
$27.4 million, $26.3 million, and $15.8 million in 2000, 1999 and 1998,
respectively.

  Legal Proceedings

     Since September 1999, seven purported stockholder class-action lawsuits
were filed as follows: (i) Jim A. Darby, Individually and on Behalf of All
Others Similarly Situated v. Century Business Services, Inc., Michael G.
DeGroote, Keith W. Reeves, Charles D. Hamm, Jr., Craig L. Stout, Gregory J.
Skoda, Edward F. Feighan and Douglas R. Gowland, Case No. 1:99CV2200; (ii) Joy
Iannotta v. Century Business Services, Inc., Michael G. DeGroote, Keith W.
Reeves, Charles D. Hamm, Jr., Craig L. Stout, Gregory J. Skoda, Edward F.
Feighan and Douglas R. Gowland, Case No. 1:99CV2337; (iii) Robert M. DeBolt,
Individually and on Behalf of All Others Similarly Situated v. Century Business
Services, Inc., Michael G. DeGroote, Keith W. Reeves, Charles D. Hamm, Jr.,
Craig L. Stout, Gregory J. Skoda, Edward J. Feighan and Douglas R. Gowland, Case
No. 1:99CV2467 (subsequently consolidated into a single case, Jim A. Darby,
Individually and on Behalf of All Others Similarly Situated v. Century Business
Services, Inc., Michael G. DeGroote, Keith W. Reeves, Charles D. Hamm, Jr.,
Craig L. Stout, Gregory J. Skoda and Edward F. Feighan, Case No. 1:99CV2200);
(iv) David Gochman, Individually and on Behalf of All Others Similarly Situated
v. Century Business Services, Inc., Michael G. DeGroote and Fred M. Winkler,
Case No. 1:00CB0386; (v) Scott Korn, Individually and on Behalf of All Others
Similarly Situated v. Century Business Services, Inc. Michael G. DeGroote and
Fred M. Winkler, Case No. 1:00CV0440 and; (vi) Joe Marsh, Lee Marshall, Flats
Entertainment, Inc., Bruce Kapp and Dave Kajganich, Individually and on Behalf
of All Others Similarly Situated v. Century Business Services, Inc., Michael G.
DeGroote, Fred M. Winkler, Charles D. Hamm, Jr., Jerry Grisko and Keith W.
Reeves, Case No. 1:00CV0584, each filed in the United States District Court for
the Northern District of Ohio against CBIZ and certain of its current and former
directors and officers; and (vii) Talbot Jones Albert, IV, on Behalf of Himself
and All Others Similarly Situated v. Century Business Services, Inc., Michael G.
DeGroote and Fred M. Winkler, Case No. JFM00CV565, filed in the United States
District Court for the District of Maryland against CBIZ and certain of its
current and former directors and officers. The plaintiffs in each of these cases
alleged that the named defendants violated certain provisions of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 and certain rules promulgated thereunder in connection with
certain statements made during various periods from February 1998 through
January 2000 by, among other things, improperly amortizing goodwill and failing
adequately to monitor changes in operating results. The complaints seek damages
in unspecified amounts.

                                       F-14
<PAGE>   45
                CENTURY BUSINESS SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- CONTINUED

     CBIZ and the named officer and director defendants moved the United States
District Court in the Northern District of Ohio to consolidate the six Ohio
cases into a single action and appoint a single lead plaintiff and counsel and
require the filing of a consolidated amended complaint. The United States
District Court agreed, and is in the process of consolidating the cases and
receiving motions from the various plaintiffs regarding who will serve as lead
plaintiff and lead counsel.

     CBIZ and the named officer and director defendants filed an agreed motion
with the plaintiffs in the Maryland action to transfer that case from the
District of Maryland to the Northern District of Ohio. CBIZ and the named
officer and director defendants also filed a motion with the Northern District
of Ohio to assign the case to District Judge Matia and consolidate it with the
already-consolidated Ohio cases. Each of these motions has been granted, and the
Maryland case has been consolidated into the other class action cases before
District Judge Matia.

     There has been no discovery in any of these actions.

     CBIZ and the named officer and director defendants deny all allegations of
wrongdoing made against them in these actions and intend to vigorously defend
each of these lawsuits. Although the ultimate outcome of such litigation is
uncertain, based on the allegations contained in the complaints, management does
not believe that these lawsuits will have a material adverse effect on the
financial condition, results of operations or cash flows of CBIZ.

     On or about May 6, 2000, certain former shareholders of a company acquired
by Century filed suit -- Hanan et al. v. Century Business Services, Inc. and
Gregory J. Skoda, Case No. 407495 (Ohio Ct. Common Pleas) -- alleging that the
Company fraudulently induced them to enter into merging with the company and
breached the Agreement and Plan of Merger and Executive Employment Agreements
plaintiffs entered into in connection with the merger. On July 31, 2000 the
Company moved to dismiss the Complaint. On October 10, 2000, the Court denied
Century's motion to dismiss, and on December 12, 2000, Century filed its answer
and counterclaim against the plaintiffs. Discovery in this action has commenced,
and a trial on the employment agreements is scheduled to commence on May 21,
2001. No trial date has been set on the remaining issues in this case.
Plaintiffs have not specified the amount of damages they seek to recover.

     The Company and the named former officer defendant deny all allegations of
wrongdoing made against them in these actions and intend to vigorously defend
this lawsuit. Although the ultimate outcome of such litigation is uncertain,
based on the allegations contained in the complaints, management does not
believe that these lawsuits will have a material adverse effect on the financial
condition, results of operations or cash flows of the Company.

     On February 25, 2000, Century filed suit in the Missouri Circuit Court of
the County of St. Louis against all of the former shareholders of a company it
acquired in 1999, alleging breach of contract and fraud in connection with
Agreement and Plan of Merger. On March 31, 2000, two of the defendants filed a
counterclaim against the Company, alleging breach of contract, fraud, and
violations of Section 12(2) of the Securities Act. On May 10, 2000, the same
shareholders who filed the counterclaim against Century in the Missouri State
Court filed suit against Century and 10 of its current and former officers and
directors -- Fuchs et al. v. Century Business Services, Inc., Michael G.
DeGroote, Charles D. Hamm, Jr., Fred M. Winkler, Daniel J. Clark, Jerome P.
Grisko, Jr., Rick L. Burdick, Joseph S. DiMartino, Harve A. Ferrill, Hugh P.
Lowenstein, and Richard C. Rochon, Case No. 1:00 CV 1193 (N.D. Oh.) -- alleging
the same wrongdoing and that the named defendants violated Sections 10(b) and
20(a) of the Exchange Act and 12(2) and 15(a) of the Securities Act by making
materially false statements contained in the SEC documents provided to the
plaintiffs in connection with the Agreement and Plan of Merger as well as
misrepresentation claims under the common law.

     On July 31, 2000, Century moved to dismiss the federal action. While the
motion was pending, the parties recently settled all of the litigation between
them on confidential terms that management believes were favorable to the
Company.

                                       F-15
<PAGE>   46
                CENTURY BUSINESS SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- CONTINUED

     On April 11, 2000, Century and a wholly-owned subsidiary initiated a
lawsuit in Toronto, Canada against former owners of a business acquired by
Century, claiming (1) that the former owner breached representations and
warranties in the purchase agreement and (2) that a company owned by one of the
shareholders owed Century payment for services rendered. CBIZ E-Solutions, Inc.
and Century Business Solutions, Inc. v. Paven R. Bratch, Review Worldwide Ltd.,
1069904 Ontario Limited and Royal Bank of Canada Financial Corp. in its capacity
and acting on behalf of The Bratch International Trust, Ontario Superior Ct. No.
00-CV-188556. In addition, Century asked the Ontario Court to declare that
Century justifiably terminated the employment contract of one of the former
shareholders. On August 1, 2000 the former shareholders and the company owned by
a former shareholder filed counterclaims against Century in the Ontario action,
seeking damages from Century for breach of contract, wrongful termination of
employment, and defamation. The parties recently settled all of the litigation
between them on confidential terms that management believes were favorable to
the Company.

     In addition to the above-disclosed items, the Company is from time to time
subject to claims and suits arising in the ordinary course of business. Although
the ultimate disposition of such proceedings is not presently determinable,
management does not believe that the ultimate resolution of these matters will
have a material adverse effect on the financial condition, results of operations
or cash flows of the Company.

8. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS

     CBIZ has profit sharing plans covering substantially all of its employees.
Participating employees may elect to contribute, on a tax-deferred basis, a
portion of their compensation, in accordance with Section 401(k) of the Internal
Revenue Code. Employer contributions made to the plans in 2000, 1999 and 1998,
amounted to approximately $5.6 million, $4.7 million, and $2.5 million,
respectively.

     Two acquisitions made in 1998 and 1999 had employee stock option plans
(ESOP) which were subsequently frozen by CBIZ. The ESOP related to the 1999 was
terminated in 2000, and as required under Statement of Position No. 93-6, the
difference between the cost of the remaining unearned ESOP shares and the fair
value of those shares of approximately $1.8 million has been charged to
additional paid-in capital in the accompanying consolidated statements of
stockholders' equity.

9. COMMON STOCK

     CBIZ's authorized common stock consists of 250,000,000 shares of common
stock, par value $0.01 per share (Common Stock). The holders of CBIZ's common
stock are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters submitted to a
vote of stockholders. There are no cumulative voting rights with respect to the
election of directors. Accordingly, the holder or holders of a majority of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock will be able to elect the directors of CBIZ
then standing for election as terms expire. Holders of Common Stock have no
preemptive rights and are entitled to such dividends as may be declared by the
Board of Directors of CBIZ out of funds legally available therefor. The Common
Stock is not entitled to any sinking fund, redemption or conversion provisions.
On liquidation, dissolution or winding up of CBIZ, the holders of Common Stock
are entitled to share ratably in the net assets of CBIZ remaining after the
payment of any and all creditors. The outstanding shares of Common Stock are
duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. The transfer
agent and registrar for the Common Stock is Firstar Bank, N.A.

     CBIZ completes registration filings related to its Common Stock to register
shares under the Securities Act of 1933. To date, CBIZ has registered the
following shares of Common Stock for the following purposes: (i) approximately
six million shares of our common stock, part of a Shelf Registration Statement,
of which a majority has yet to be sold thereunder; (ii) $125 million in shares
of our Common stock, debt securities, and warrants to purchase common stock or
debt securities, of which $100 million remain available to be offered from time
to time to the public under our universal shelf registration statement; and
(iii) 15,000,000 shares of our Common Stock, all of which remain available to be
offered from time to time in connection with acquisitions under our acquisition
shelf registration statement.

                                       F-16
<PAGE>   47
                CENTURY BUSINESS SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- CONTINUED

     In February 1999, CBIZ issued 1,800,000 restricted shares of common stock
and 900,000 warrants to an outside party for a $25 million equity investment in
CBIZ. Fifty percent of the common stock is subject to a one-year lock-up
restriction, while the remaining common stock is subject to a two-year lock-up
restriction, and warrants to purchase shares of common stock may be exercised
under the following terms: 300,000 shares for three years at $20 per share;
300,000 shares for four years at $25 per share; and 300,000 for five years at
$30 per share.

     In February and May of 1998, CBIZ completed a private placement in which it
sold an aggregate of 3,800,000 shares of Common Stock to qualified investors at
an aggregate purchase price of $13.25 per share and realized $47.7 million in
proceeds.

WARRANTS

     In connection with the spin off of the hazardous waste operations
(including CBIZ's predecessor company) to the stockholders of Republic
Industries, Inc. (the "RESI Transaction") in 1996, RESI agreed to issue to
holders of unexpired warrants of its former parent, additional RESI warrants to
acquire shares of RESI's Common Stock equal to one fifth of the number of shares
available. At the Distribution date, RESI adjusted the per share exercise price
of the RESI warrants to reflect the effect of the distribution on the market
prices of RESI and its former parent's common stock. These warrants are
designated as stapled warrants and expire at various dates through December
2000. The holders of these warrants are able to exercise under the original
terms of the warrants and will receive Company stock.

     In addition to warrants issued through the RESI Transaction, CBIZ also
issued warrants in connection with private placements completed in October 1996,
December 1996, and April 1997, and granted warrants in connection with certain
acquisitions made during 1997. Portions of the warrants issued in connection
with 1997 acquisitions are restricted from being transferred in accordance with
various lock-up agreements between the former shareholders of the acquired
entities and CBIZ.

     During 1999, certain holders of warrants issued in connection with 1997
acquisitions gave up demand registration rights due to them. In November 1999,
the Board of Directors extended the expiration dates of the aforementioned
warrant holders by an additional twelve months in consideration of forgoing
demand registration rights. In December 1999, the Board of Directors extended
the expiration dates of certain warrants outstanding from the December 1996 and
April 1997 private placements through June 2000. As consideration for the
extension of the term, the holders of the warrants will pay the original
exercise price, plus a premium for each month from the original expiration date
to the exercise date, upon exercise of the warrants.

     Information relating to warrants to purchase common stock is summarized
below (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            2000      1999      1998
                                                           ------    ------    ------
<S>                                                        <C>       <C>       <C>
Outstanding at beginning of year.........................  10,012    13,477    22,379
Granted/issued...........................................      --       900        --
Expired/cancelled........................................  (3,786)       --        --
Exercised................................................     (56)   (4,365)   (8,902)
                                                           ------    ------    ------
Outstanding at end of year (a)...........................   6,170    10,012    13,477
Subject to Lock-Up Provisions............................      --        --     1,071
                                                           ------    ------    ------
Exercisable at end of year...............................   6,170    10,012    12,406
                                                           ======    ======    ======
</TABLE>

---------------

(a) Exercise prices for warrants outstanding at December 31, 2000 ranged from
    $3.875 to $30.00. Exercise prices for warrants outstanding at December 31,
    1999 ranged from $1.60 to $30.00. Exercise prices for warrants outstanding
    at December 31, 1998 ranged from $1.075 to $13.06.

                                       F-17
<PAGE>   48
                CENTURY BUSINESS SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- CONTINUED

STOCK OPTIONS

     Under the 1997 Agents Stock Option Plan, a maximum of 10,000,000 options
may be awarded. The purpose of the plan is to provide performance-based
compensation to certain insurance agencies and individual agents who write
quality surety business for CBIZ's insurance subsidiaries. The options vest only
to the extent the agents satisfy minimum premium commitments and certain loss
ratio performance criteria. The options terminate in June 2002, or earlier under
certain conditions, including termination of the agency agreement.

     Under the 1996 Employee Stock Option Plan, a maximum of 10,000,000 options
may be awarded. The options awarded are subject to a 20% incremental vesting
schedule over a five-year period commencing from the date of grant. The options
are awarded at a price not less than fair market value at the time of the award
and expire six years from the date of grant. Further, under the 1996 plan
250,000 options were granted to non-employee directors. These options became
exercisable immediately upon being granted with a five-year expiration term from
the date of grant.

     Prior to the RESI Transaction, certain options were granted to employees,
directors and affiliates of RESI's former parent company. When RESI was spun-off
in April 1995 (the "Distribution Date"), optionees received options to acquire
RESI Common Stock at the ratio of one RESI option for each five options under
the former parent's 1990 and 1991 Stock Option plans. The outstanding options at
the Distribution Date and the RESI options granted with respect thereto are
stapled and are only exercisable if exercised together. As a result of the sale
of RESI in July 1997, options under these plans became fully vested. These
options remain vested as long as the optionee is employed by the former parent,
RESI or their affiliates. The option price is based on the fair market value of
the common shares on the date of grant.

     Information relating to the stock option plans is summarized below (in
thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                               2000     1999     1998
                                                              ------    -----    -----
<S>                                                           <C>       <C>      <C>
Outstanding at beginning of year............................   5,394    3,581    2,061
Granted (a).................................................   4,501    1,951    1,625
Exercised (b)...............................................      --       (2)     (61)
Expired or canceled.........................................  (2,037)    (136)     (44)
                                                              ------    -----    -----
Outstanding at end of year (c)..............................   7,858    5,394    3,581
                                                              ======    =====    =====
Exercisable at end of year (d)..............................   1,870      969      470
                                                              ======    =====    =====
Available for future grant at the end of year...............   2,301    2,806    1,840
                                                              ======    =====    =====
</TABLE>

---------------

(a) Options were granted at average costs of $2.98, $14.05 and $16.44 in 2000,
    1999 and 1998, respectively.

(b) No options were exercised in 2000. Options were exercised at prices ranging
    from $1.08 to $9.63 and averaging $5.35 in 1999, and prices ranging from
    $1.08 to $11.00 and averaging $6.64 in 1998.

(c) Exercise price for options outstanding at December 31, 2000 ranged from
    $1.08 to $17.75 and averaged $8.17 with expiration dates ranging from May
    2002 to December 2006. Exercise prices for options outstanding at December
    31, 1999 ranged from $1.08 to $17.75 and averaged $13.83 with expiration
    dates ranging from June 2000 to June 2005. Exercise prices for options
    outstanding at December 31, 1998 ranged from $1.08 to $17.75 and averaged
    $13.72 with expiration dates ranging from June 2000 to October 2004.

(d) Exercise prices for options exercisable at December 31, 2000, 1999, and 1998
    averaged $11.59, $11.67 and $9.25, respectively.

                                       F-18
<PAGE>   49
                CENTURY BUSINESS SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- CONTINUED

     Had the cost of stock option plans been determined based on the fair value
of options at the grant date, CBIZ's net income and earnings (loss) per share
pro forma amounts would be as follows (amounts in thousands, except per share
data):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                            AS REPORTED                PRO FORMA
                                       ----------------------    ----------------------
                                         BASIC       DILUTED       BASIC       DILUTED
                                       ---------    ---------    ---------    ---------
<S>                                    <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
2000
Net loss.............................  $(126,076)   $(126,076)   $(129,112)   $(129,112)
                                       =========    =========    =========    =========
Net loss per share...................  $   (1.33)   $   (1.33)   $   (1.36)   $   (1.36)
                                       =========    =========    =========    =========
1999
Net income...........................  $   7,443    $   7,443    $   5,067    $   5,067
                                       =========    =========    =========    =========
Net income per share.................  $    0.09    $    0.08    $    0.06    $    0.06
                                       =========    =========    =========    =========
1998
Net income...........................  $  43,890    $  43,890    $  42,807    $  42,807
                                       =========    =========    =========    =========
Net income per share.................  $    0.65    $    0.54    $    0.63    $    0.53
                                       =========    =========    =========    =========
</TABLE>

     The above results may not be representative of the effects on net income
for future years.

     CBIZ applied the Black-Scholes option-pricing model to determine the fair
value of each option granted in 2000, 1999 and 1998. Below is a summary of the
assumptions used in the calculation:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                              2000     1999     1998
                                                              -----    -----    -----
<S>                                                           <C>      <C>      <C>
Risk-free interest rate.....................................   4.98%    6.30%    6.07%
Expected volatility.........................................  62.80%   30.00%   35.00%
Expected option life (in years).............................   3.75     3.75     3.75
</TABLE>

                                       F-19
<PAGE>   50
                CENTURY BUSINESS SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- CONTINUED

10. EARNINGS (LOSS) PER SHARE

     For the years presented, CBIZ presents both basic and diluted earnings per
share. The following data shows the amounts used in computing earnings per share
and the effect on the weighted average number of shares of dilutive potential
common stock (amounts in thousands, except per share data). Included in
potential dilutive shares are contingent shares, which represent shares issued
and placed in escrow that will not be released until certain performance goals
have been met.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                       -------------------------------------
                                                          2000          1999         1998
                                                       -----------    ---------    ---------
                                                       (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)
<S>                                                    <C>            <C>          <C>
Numerator
  Net income (loss) (a)..............................   $(126,076)     $ 7,443      $43,890
Denominator:
  Basic
     Weighted average common shares..................      94,674       86,851       67,880
  Diluted
     Warrants (b)....................................          --        4,411       12,506
     Options (b).....................................          --          228          458
     Contingent shares (b)...........................          --          212          240
                                                        ---------      -------      -------
          Total......................................      94,674       91,702       81,084
                                                        =========      =======      =======
Basic EPS (a)........................................   $   (1.33)     $  0.09      $  0.65
                                                        =========      =======      =======
Diluted EPS (a)......................................   $   (1.33)     $  0.08      $  0.54
                                                        =========      =======      =======
Pro forma (loss) income data -- unaudited (a):
  Pro forma net income (loss)........................   $(126,076)     $ 5,681      $42,123
                                                        =========      =======      =======
  Basic EPS..........................................   $   (1.33)     $  0.07      $  0.62
                                                        =========      =======      =======
  Diluted EPS........................................   $   (1.33)     $  0.06      $  0.52
                                                        =========      =======      =======
</TABLE>

---------------

(a) Pro forma income (loss) data from continuing operations reflects pro forma
    tax adjustments for acquisitions accounted for under the
    pooling-of-interests transactions that were not subject to income taxes.

(b) The effect of the incremental shares from warrants, options, and contingent
    shares of 325 in 2000 have been excluded from diluted weighted average
    shares, as the net loss for the period would cause the incremental shares to
    be antidilutive.

     Basic earnings (loss) per share was computed by dividing net income by the
weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the year.
Diluted earnings per share for the years 1999 and 1998 were determined on the
assumption that the options, warrants and contingent shares were exercised or
earned at the beginning of the period, or at time of issuance, if later.

11. SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW DISCLOSURES

     During 2000, CBIZ reduced approximately $8.4 million of accruals for
non-cancellable lease obligations and severance obligations due to changes in
the consolidation and integration plan.

     During 1999, CBIZ provided aggregate consideration of $0.5 million in the
form of notes payable (to mature within one year at a specified time) in lieu of
cash in conjunction with two purchases of client lists.

                                       F-20
<PAGE>   51
                CENTURY BUSINESS SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- CONTINUED

     During 1998, CBIZ provided aggregate consideration of $18 million in the
form of notes payable in early 1999 in lieu of cash in conjunction with two
purchase acquisitions. In addition, CBIZ received a $3 million note receivable
in connection with the sale of M&N Risk Management and M&N Enterprise, Inc.

     Cash paid during the year for (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                         2000       1999       1998
                                                        -------    -------    -------
<S>                                                     <C>        <C>        <C>
     Interest.........................................  $12,156    $ 6,813    $ 2,590
                                                        =======    =======    =======
     Income taxes.....................................  $ 2,540    $39,521    $18,635
                                                        =======    =======    =======
</TABLE>

12. RELATED PARTIES

     A number of the businesses acquired since October 1996 are located in
properties owned indirectly by and leased from persons employed by CBIZ. In the
aggregate, CBIZ paid approximately $1.5 million and $2.1 million under such
leases in 2000 and 1999, respectively, which were at competitive market rates.

     A director of CBIZ is a partner of Akin, Gump, Strauss, Hauer & Feld,
L.L.P. Akin, Gump performed legal work for CBIZ during 2000 for which the firm
received approximately $116,000 from CBIZ.

     CBIZ and/or its subsidiaries maintain joint-referral relationships and
service agreements with licensed CPA firms under which CBIZ subsidiaries provide
administrative services (including office, bookkeeping, accounting, and other
administrative services, preparing marketing and promotion materials, and
leasing of administrative and professional staff) in exchange for a fee.

13. DIVESTITURES

     In April 1999, Century adopted a formal plan to divest its risk-bearing
specialty insurance segment, which was no longer part of CBIZ's strategic
long-term growth objectives. The risk-bearing specialty insurance segment, which
included Century Surety Company, Evergreen National Indemnity Company, and
Continental Heritage Insurance Company, was reported as a discontinued operation
and its net assets and results of operations were reported separately in the
consolidated financial statements.

     In June 2000, CBIZ announced that it had entered into a binding agreement
for the sale of its risk-bearing specialty insurance segment, as well as
American Inspection and Audit Services, Inc. and CSC Insurance Agency, Inc.
(collectively, the Divested Entities) with Avalon National Corporation (ANC) for
$31 million, subject to regulatory approval. In July 2000, ANC assigned its
rights under the purchase agreement to Pro Finance Holdings Corporation, (which
is a consortium of financial entities), and certain former members of CBIZ's
management.

     In October 2000, CBIZ renegotiated the aforementioned sale agreement with
Pro Finance Holding Corporation. In consideration for a $2.0 million reduction
in sale proceeds, CBIZ was able to restructure the agreement for tax purposes
that provided CBIZ a significant tax benefit. Furthermore, the sale proceeds
were reduced by an additional $1.0 million due to severance and bonus payments
due at the Divested Entities. Accordingly, in October 2000, CBIZ completed the
sale of the Divested Entities for $28 million.

     During fiscal 2000, CBIZ recorded a charge of $31.6 million related to a)
the divestiture of three business units previously announced in December 1999,
b) the sale of CBIZ's franchise operations announced on November 2, 2000, and c)
loss related to the planned divestiture of two additional business units to be
completed in 2001. The components of the charge recorded in fiscal 2000 are
provided below:

          - In the fourth quarter of 2000, CBIZ completed the sale of its
            franchise operation, Century Small Business Solutions, Inc. Proceeds
            from the were $5.4 million, which resulted in loss on sale of
            approximately $3.8 million.

                                       F-21
<PAGE>   52
                CENTURY BUSINESS SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- CONTINUED

          - In the fourth quarter of 2000, CBIZ identified two business units to
            be divested, the expected proceeds from which are $15.5 million
            (comprised of $9.5 million in cash and a $6.0 million contingent
            note). Based on the expected proceeds from these sales, CBIZ
            recorded a loss on sale of approximately $27.2 million.

          - In the first quarter of 2000, CBIZ completed the divestiture of
            three business units that were previously announced in December 1999
            (see below) for an aggregate purchase price of $1.2 million,
            resulting in an additional write-down of $0.6 million.

     In December 1999, CBIZ announced the divestiture of four smaller non-core
business units. The assets of these businesses were written down to net
realizable value (based on estimated sales proceeds), and resulted in an
estimated loss of approximately $7.1 million which is included in loss on sale
of operations in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations.

     In December 1998, CBIZ sold M&N Risk Management, Inc. and M&N Enterprises,
Inc. for cash and notes, resulting in a gain of approximately $1.5 million which
is included in gain on sale of operations in the accompanying consolidated
statements of operations.

14. CHANGE IN ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLE

     During the fourth quarter of 2000, CBIZ adopted Securities and Exchange
Commission Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 101 (SAB 101), "Revenue Recognized in
Financial Statements." SAB 101 summarizes certain of the Commission's views in
applying generally accepted accounting principles to revenue recognition in
financial statements. In light of the guidance given by SAB 101 and the SEC's
"Frequently Asked Questions and Answers" bulletin released on October 12, 2000,
CBIZ changed certain revenue recognition policies effective January 1, 2000.

     Due to this change, CBIZ recorded a cumulative adjustment in the first
quarter 2000 of $11.9 million (net of tax benefit of $7.9 million). The impact
in 2000 of adopting SAB 101 resulted in a reduction in revenue of approximately
$18.2 million, a reduction in operating expenses of approximately $11.4 million,
and an increase in pretax loss from continuing operations (before cumulative
effect of accounting change) of approximately $6.8 million. Prior to the
issuance of SAB 101, CBIZ recorded revenue in a manner consistent with generally
accepted accounting principles and industry practice. Based upon our review of
SAB 101, CBIZ elected to change its revenue recognition policies for the
following items.

          - Commissions revenue due from insurance carriers from single-premium
            bank-owned life insurance policies (BOLI) are recorded based on the
            amounts due at the time of sale, thereby eliminating a substantial
            portion of commission receivable and resulted in an increase in
            deferred tax assets. Prior to SAB 101, CBIZ accrued for commission
            revenue from BOLI products based on the estimated commission to be
            received over the life of the insurance policy.

          - Commission revenue contingent on meeting volume-based bonus levels
            are recorded at the earlier of notification from the carrier or
            receipt of payment. Prior to SAB 101, CBIZ accrued for such
            commission revenue periodically based on the probability of meeting
            or exceeding the required threshold.

          - Revenue related to CBIZ's physician practice management services are
            recorded once payment is received for our client by the third-party
            payor, thereby eliminating unbilled receivables and resulted in an
            increase in deferred tax assets. Prior to SAB 101, CBIZ recognized
            revenue as services were provided to the client.

          - Commission revenue at certain wholesale insurance businesses is
            reported net of sub-broker commissions, thereby reducing revenue and
            operating expense proportionately. Prior to SAB 101, commission
            revenue recognized at these units was reported on a "gross" basis.

                                       F-22
<PAGE>   53
                CENTURY BUSINESS SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- CONTINUED

     Adoption of the aforementioned revenue recognition policies retroactive to
1999 and 1998 would have produced the following pro forma results (in thousands,
except per share amounts):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                               1999      1998
                                                              ------    -------
<S>                                                           <C>       <C>
AS REPORTED:
Net income before change in accounting principle............  $7,443    $43,890
Net income per share, basic.................................  $ 0.09    $  0.65
Net income per share, diluted...............................  $ 0.08    $  0.54

PRO FORMA:
Net income assuming new accounting principle is applied
  retroactively.............................................  $2,571    $42,224
Net income per share, basic.................................  $ 0.03    $  0.62
Net income per share, diluted...............................  $ 0.03    $  0.52
</TABLE>

     CBIZ recognized $10.1 million of revenue in 2000 which was included as a
component of the cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle.

15. QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED)

     The following is a summary of the unaudited quarterly results of operations
for fiscal years 2000 and 1999. The sum of the quarterly earnings (loss) per
share amounts may not equal the annual amount due to changes in the number of
shares outstanding during the year. CBIZ has included the following information
below to demonstrate the effect on the first, second and third quarters of
fiscal year 2000 as if the provisions of SAB No. 101 (See Note 14, Change in
Accounting Principle), had been applied as of the beginning of the fiscal year
(in thousands, except per share amounts):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                       2000
                                         ----------------------------------------------------------------
                                           RESTATED         RESTATED         RESTATED
                                           MARCH 31,        JUNE 30,         SEPT. 30,        DEC. 31,
                                         -------------    -------------    -------------    -------------
<S>                                      <C>              <C>              <C>              <C>
Revenues...............................    $170,469         $144,873         $132,623         $ 119,850
                                           ========         ========         ========         =========
Income (loss) from continuing
  operations...........................    $ 10,013         $  1,287         $ (3,681)        $(114,879)
Income (loss) from discontinued
  operations...........................      (1,083)          (9,098)             784             2,486
Cumulative effect of accounting
  change...............................     (11,905)              --               --                --
                                           --------         --------         --------         ---------
Net loss...............................    $ (2,975)        $ (7,811)        $ (2,897)        $(112,393)
                                           ========         ========         ========         =========
Earnings (loss) per share:
  Basic --
     Continuing operations.............    $   0.11         $   0.01         $  (0.04)        $   (1.21)
     Discontinued operations...........       (0.01)           (0.09)            0.01              0.03
     Cumulative Effect.................       (0.13)              --               --                --
                                           --------         --------         --------         ---------
     Net loss..........................    $  (0.03)        $  (0.08)        $  (0.03)        $   (1.18)
                                           ========         ========         ========         =========
Earnings (loss) per share:
  Diluted --
     Continuing operations.............    $   0.11         $   0.01         $  (0.04)        $   (1.21)
     Discontinued operations...........       (0.01)           (0.09)            0.01              0.03
     Cumulative Effect.................       (0.13)              --               --                --
                                           --------         --------         --------         ---------
     Net loss..........................    $  (0.03)        $  (0.08)        $  (0.03)        $   (1.18)
                                           ========         ========         ========         =========
</TABLE>

                                       F-23
<PAGE>   54
                CENTURY BUSINESS SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- CONTINUED

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                       2000
                                         ----------------------------------------------------------------
                                           RESTATED         RESTATED         RESTATED
                                           MARCH 31,        JUNE 30,         SEPT. 30,        DEC. 31,
                                         -------------    -------------    -------------    -------------
<S>                                      <C>              <C>              <C>              <C>
Pro forma earnings (loss) per share
  (from continuing operations):
  Basic................................    $   0.11         $   0.01         $  (0.04)        $   (1.21)
                                           ========         ========         ========         =========
  Diluted..............................    $   .011         $   0.01         $  (0.04)        $   (1.21)
                                           ========         ========         ========         =========
Basic shares...........................      93,218           93,264           93,645            94,697
                                           ========         ========         ========         =========
Diluted shares.........................      94,516           94,938           94,345            94,697
                                           ========         ========         ========         =========
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                       2000
                                         ----------------------------------------------------------------
                                         AS PREVIOUSLY    AS PREVIOUSLY    AS PREVIOUSLY
                                           REPORTED         REPORTED         REPORTED
                                           MARCH 31,        JUNE 30,         SEPT. 30,        DEC. 31,
                                         -------------    -------------    -------------    -------------
<S>                                      <C>              <C>              <C>              <C>
Revenues...............................    $172,120         $148,264         $139,434         $ 119,850
                                           ========         ========         ========         =========
Income (loss) from continuing
  operations...........................    $ 10,380         $  1,473         $ (1,419)        $(114,878)
Income (loss) from discontinued
  operations...........................      (1,083)          (9,098)             784             2,486
                                           --------         --------         --------         ---------
Net income (loss)......................    $  9,297         $ (7,625)        $   (635)        $(112,392)
                                           ========         ========         ========         =========
Earnings (loss) per share:
  Basic --
     Continuing operations.............    $   0.11         $   0.02         $  (0.02)        $   (1.21)
     Discontinued operations...........       (0.01)           (0.10)            0.01              0.03
                                           --------         --------         --------         ---------
     Net income (loss).................    $   0.10         $  (0.08)        $  (0.01)        $   (1.18)
                                           ========         ========         ========         =========
Earnings (loss) per share:
  Diluted --
     Continuing operations.............    $   0.11         $   0.02         $  (0.02)        $   (1.21)
     Discontinued operations...........       (0.01)           (0.10)            0.01              0.03
                                           --------         --------         --------         ---------
     Net income (loss).................    $   0.10         $  (0.08)        $  (0.01)        $   (1.18)
                                           ========         ========         ========         =========
Pro forma earnings (loss) per share
  (from continuing operations):
     Basic.............................    $   0.11         $   0.02         $  (0.02)        $   (1.21)
                                           ========         ========         ========         =========
     Diluted...........................    $   0.11         $   0.02         $  (0.02)        $   (1.21)
                                           ========         ========         ========         =========
Basic shares...........................      93,218           93,264           93,645            94,697
                                           ========         ========         ========         =========
Diluted shares.........................      94,516           94,938           94,345            94,697
                                           ========         ========         ========         =========
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                       1999
                                         ----------------------------------------------------------------
                                           RESTATED         RESTATED         RESTATED         RESTATED
                                           MARCH 31,        JUNE 30,         SEPT. 30,        DEC. 31,
                                         -------------    -------------    -------------    -------------
<S>                                      <C>              <C>              <C>              <C>
Revenues...............................    $134,309         $128,833         $131,841         $ 129,716
                                           ========         ========         ========         =========
Income (loss) from continuing
  operations...........................    $ 14,572         $ 14,404         $ 11,447         $ (33,865)
Income (loss) from discontinued
  operations...........................         706              163           (1,417)           (3,439)
                                           --------         --------         --------         ---------
Net income (loss)......................    $ 15,278         $ 14,567         $ 10,030         $ (37,304)
                                           ========         ========         ========         =========
</TABLE>

                                       F-24
<PAGE>   55
                CENTURY BUSINESS SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- CONTINUED

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                       1999
                                         ----------------------------------------------------------------
                                           RESTATED         RESTATED         RESTATED         RESTATED
                                           MARCH 31,        JUNE 30,         SEPT. 30,        DEC. 31,
                                         -------------    -------------    -------------    -------------
<S>                                      <C>              <C>              <C>              <C>
Earnings (loss) per share:
  Basic --
     Continuing operations.............    $   0.18         $   0.17         $   0.14         $   (0.37)
     Discontinued operations...........        0.01               --            (0.02)            (0.04)
                                           --------         --------         --------         ---------
     Net income (loss).................    $   0.19         $   0.17         $   0.12         $   (0.41)
                                           ========         ========         ========         =========
Earnings (loss) per share:
  Diluted --
     Continuing operations.............    $   0.16         $   0.16         $   0.13         $   (0.37)
     Discontinued operations...........        0.01               --            (0.02)            (0.04)
                                           --------         --------         --------         ---------
     Net income (loss).................    $   0.17         $   0.16         $   0.11         $   (0.41)
                                           ========         ========         ========         =========
Pro forma earnings (loss) per share
  (from continuing operations):
  Basic................................    $   0.18         $   0.16         $   0.13         $   (0.37)
                                           ========         ========         ========         =========
  Diluted..............................    $   0.17         $   0.15         $   0.12         $   (0.37)
                                           ========         ========         ========         =========
Basic shares...........................      80,732           84,071           87,014            92,095
                                           ========         ========         ========         =========
Diluted shares.........................      88,199           90,632           94,011            92,095
                                           ========         ========         ========         =========
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                        1999
                                          ----------------------------------------------------------------
                                          AS PREVIOUSLY    AS PREVIOUSLY    AS PREVIOUSLY    AS PREVIOUSLY
                                            REPORTED         REPORTED         REPORTED         REPORTED
                                            MARCH 31,        JUNE 30,         SEPT. 30,        DEC. 31,
                                          -------------    -------------    -------------    -------------
<S>                                       <C>              <C>              <C>              <C>
Revenues................................    $138,372         $132,252         $138,119         $137,650
                                            ========         ========         ========         ========
Income (loss) from continuing
  operations............................    $ 15,192         $ 14,471         $ 13,081         $(31,314)
Income (loss) from discontinued
  operations............................         706              163           (1,417)          (3,439)
                                            --------         --------         --------         --------
Net income (loss).......................    $ 15,898         $ 14,634         $ 11,664         $(34,753)
                                            ========         ========         ========         ========
Earnings (loss) per share:
  Basic --
     Continuing operations..............    $   0.19         $   0.17         $   0.15         $  (0.34)
     Discontinued operations............        0.01             0.00            (0.02)           (0.04)
                                            --------         --------         --------         --------
     Net income (loss)..................    $   0.20         $   0.17         $   0.13         $  (0.38)
                                            ========         ========         ========         ========
Earnings (loss) per share:
  Diluted --
     Continuing operations..............    $   0.17         $   0.16         $   0.14         $  (0.34)
     Discontinued operations............        0.01               --            (0.02)           (0.04)
                                            --------         --------         --------         --------
     Net income (loss)..................    $   0.18         $   0.16         $   0.12         $  (0.38)
                                            ========         ========         ========         ========
</TABLE>

                                       F-25
<PAGE>   56
                CENTURY BUSINESS SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- CONTINUED

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                        1999
                                          ----------------------------------------------------------------
                                          AS PREVIOUSLY    AS PREVIOUSLY    AS PREVIOUSLY    AS PREVIOUSLY
                                            REPORTED         REPORTED         REPORTED         REPORTED
                                            MARCH 31,        JUNE 30,         SEPT. 30,        DEC. 31,
                                          -------------    -------------    -------------    -------------
<S>                                       <C>              <C>              <C>              <C>
Pro forma earnings (loss) per share
  (from continuing operations):
  Basic.................................    $   0.18         $   0.16         $   0.15         $  (0.34)
                                            ========         ========         ========         ========
  Diluted...............................    $   0.17         $   0.15         $   0.14         $  (0.34)
                                            ========         ========         ========         ========
Basic shares............................      80,732           84,071           87,014           92,095
                                            ========         ========         ========         ========
Diluted shares..........................      88,199           90,632           94,011           92,095
                                            ========         ========         ========         ========
</TABLE>

     Certain fourth quarter adjustments were made in 2000 and 1999 that are
significant to the quarter and to comparisons between quarters. Presented below
are the approximate amounts of adjustments that are the result of fourth quarter
events and their effects recorded in the fourth quarter. The following table
summarizes certain fourth quarter events discussed below that contributed to
CBIZ's net loss reported in the fourth quarter of 2000 and 1999, respectively:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                2000       1999
                                                              --------    -------
<S>                                                           <C>         <C>
SAB 101 adjustments:
  Reduction of revenue......................................  $  6,268    $    --
  Reduction of expense......................................    (4,192)        --
                                                              --------    -------
     Subtotal...............................................  $  2,076    $    --
Consolidation and integration charges:
  Lease consolidation.......................................  $  2,395    $ 9,400
  Severance.................................................       905      4,800
  Shared services...........................................        --      2,500
  Other consolidation related charges.......................       651         --
                                                              --------    -------
     Subtotal...............................................  $  3,951    $16,700
Other charges:
  Effect of change in goodwill amortization period to 15
     years..................................................        --      4,200
  Goodwill impairment.......................................    48,198         --
  Additional accounts receivable reserves and write-off's...    16,083      3,800
  Loss on sale of operations................................    31,000      7,067
  Note impairment...........................................     1,640      8,952
  Litigation and other asset impairment.....................    14,978      3,600
                                                              --------    -------
     Total..................................................  $117,926    $44,319
                                                              ========    =======
</TABLE>

     During the fourth quarter of 2000, CBIZ adopted SAB 101 which resulted in a
change in accounting policy at certain business units. The change in accounting
policy resulted in a $6.3 million and $18.1 million reduction of revenue for the
three and twelve-month periods ended December 31, 2000. See note 14 to the
consolidated financial statements.

     In connection with management's continual evaluation of the recoverability
of goodwill and other long-lived assets, management considers in its evaluation,
amongst other things, historical and projected operating performance of each
business unit. Accordingly, and in connection with our fourth-quarter
evaluation, management concluded that the goodwill associated with eleven
business units was no longer recoverable through future operations based on a
recent deterioration in current and projected operating performance at such
units and

                                       F-26
<PAGE>   57
                CENTURY BUSINESS SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- CONTINUED

accordingly, an impairment charge of approximately $48.2 million was required to
write-down such goodwill to estimated fair value.

     During the latter half of 2000, CBIZ experienced significant disruption and
management turnover at certain business units, which resulted in a deterioration
of our accounts receivable portfolio in the fourth quarter of 2000. As a result,
an extensive review was performed of all past due items in the fourth quarter,
which resulted in a write-off of approximately $8.8 million of accounts
receivable, and an increase in the allowance for doubtful accounts by
approximately $7.3 million.

     CBIZ recorded a loss on sale of operations of $31.0 million in the fourth
quarter of 2000, as compared to $7.1 million for the year ended December 31,
1999. Such charges in 2000 are the result of a) the sale of CBIZ's franchise
operations announced on November 2, 2000 at a loss of $3.8 million, and b) the
loss related to the planned divestiture of two additional business units to be
completed in 2001 of $27.2 million.

     Litigation and other asset impairment recorded in the fourth quarter 2000
are primarily comprised of litigation matters that were either settled or
reserved for (see Note 7 regarding legal proceedings); asset impairment and
write-downs in connection with closing the operations in Toronto, Canada and
strategic changes in the business.

     During the fourth quarter of 1999, CBIZ's Board of Directors approved a
plan to consolidate several of its operations in multi-office markets and
integrate certain back-office functions into a shared-services center. The plan
includes the consolidation of at least 60 office locations, the elimination of
more than 200 positions (including Corporate), and the divestiture of four
small, non-core businesses. Pursuant to the plan, CBIZ recorded a consolidation
and integration charge of $27.4 million, of which $13.9 million is included in
operating expense, $7.1 million is included in loss on sale of operations, and
$6.4 million is included in corporate general and administrative expense in the
consolidated statements of operations. (See note 16 to the consolidated
financial statements).

     CBIZ also announced that it would shorten its goodwill amortization period
from periods up to 40 years to periods up to 15 years, beginning October 1,
1999. In addition, CBIZ became aware of circumstances which led management to
conclude that the collateral (i.e., guarantees from third parties) associated
with notes received in connection with a transaction previously accounted for as
a discontinued operation in 1997 were impaired, and accordingly, recorded a
reserve at December 31, 1999 to adjust such to net realizable value.

16. CONSOLIDATION AND INTEGRATION CHARGES

     During the fourth quarter of fiscal 1999, Century's Board of Directors
approved a plan to consolidate several operations in multi-office markets and
integrate certain back-office functions into a shared-services center. The plan
included the consolidation of at least 60 office locations, the elimination of
more than 200 positions (including Corporate), and the divestiture of four
small, non-core businesses. Pursuant to the plan, Century recorded a
consolidation and integration pre-tax charge of $27.4 million, which included
$4.8 million for severance and $9.4 million for obligations under various
noncancellable leases that were committed to prior to plan approval, for which
no economic benefit to Century would be subsequently realized.

                                       F-27
<PAGE>   58
                CENTURY BUSINESS SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- CONTINUED

     Consolidation and integration reserve balances as of December 31, 1999,
activity during the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2000, and the
remaining reserve balances as of December 31, 2000, were as follows (in
thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                  LEASE        SEVERANCE &
                                                              CONSOLIDATION     BENEFITS
                                                              -------------    -----------
<S>                                                           <C>              <C>
Reserve balance at December 31, 1999........................     $9,400          $ 4,150
  Amounts adjusted to income (1)............................     (5,901)          (2,445)
  Payments..................................................       (656)          (1,256)
                                                                 ------          -------
Reserve balance at December 31, 2000........................     $2,843          $   449
                                                                 ======          =======
</TABLE>

---------------

(1) Amounts adjusted to income are included in operating expense and corporate
    general and administrative expense in the accompanying consolidated
    statement of operations for the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2000.
    See the table below for the respective amounts recorded in each line item.

     As a result of executive management changes (including the replacement of
Century's President and Chief Operating Officer) and certain strategic changes
in the first quarter of fiscal 2000, Century revisited the extent of its planned
integration and consolidation initiatives and extended the timing of certain
office consolidations beyond one year. Century's Board of Directors approved the
revision to the plan on March 31, 2000. Accordingly, Century reduced
approximately $4.4 million and $1.4 million of accruals originally provided for
in the plan related to the aforementioned noncancellable lease obligations and
severance obligations, respectively. During the third quarter of 2000, Century
reduced the lease accrual by $1.5 million for the planned consolidation in the
Philadelphia market place that has been postponed. Severance amounts of $1.1
million were reversed during the third quarter, representing several business
managers originally accrued for in the plan, which were either not terminated or
did not receive a severance package.

     During 2000, the consolidation of offices in Atlanta, Dallas, Orlando, and
Phoenix were completed, with the remaining planned consolidations in progress.

     In addition to the consolidation activity described above that relates to
the original accrual, CBIZ has incurred expenses related to noncancellable lease
obligations related to consolidations in other markets, abandonment of leases,
and severance obligations related to these consolidations, as well as
expense-reduction initiatives. In the fourth quarter of 2000, expenses were
incurred related to the consolidation of two operating units in the Los Angeles
market place. Also, CBIZ incurred costs (net of sublease income) related to
abandonment of lease space in Philadelphia and Columbia, Maryland.

                                       F-28
<PAGE>   59
                CENTURY BUSINESS SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- CONTINUED

     Consolidation and integration charges incurred for the twelve months ended
December 31, 2000, were as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                             CORPORATE
                                                              OPERATING      GENERAL &
                                                               EXPENSE     ADMINISTRATIVE
                                                              ---------    --------------
<S>                                                           <C>          <C>
Consolidation and integration charges not in original plan:
  Severance expense.........................................   $1,767         $ 3,255
  Lease consolidation and Abandonment.......................    3,214              64
  Shared service and consolidation..........................      963             626
  Write-down of non-core businesses.........................    1,015              --
                                                               ------         -------
     Subtotal...............................................   $6,959         $ 3,945
Consolidation and integration charges in original plan:
  Adjustment to lease accrual...............................   (5,901)             --
  Adjustment to severance accrual...........................      (64)         (2,381)
                                                               ------         -------
          Total consolidation and integration charges.......   $  994         $ 1,564
                                                               ======         =======
</TABLE>

17. SEGMENT DISCLOSURES

     Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 131, "Disclosures about
Segments of an Enterprise and Related Information," established standards for
reporting selected information about operating segments, products and services,
geographic areas and major customers.

     CBIZ's business units have been aggregated into four reportable segments:
business solutions; benefits and insurance; performance consulting and
technology solutions services. The business units have been aggregated based on
the following factors: the products and services are similar, the services are
provided to the same customers, and the long term financial performance of these
units is affected by similar economic conditions, in addition to considering the
regulatory environment of the insurance segment.

     The business solutions segment provides accounting, tax, consulting and
business valuation services. The benefits and insurance segment consists of two
business units; the benefits and administration group and the insurance services
group. The benefits and insurance segment provides benefits administration,
business insurance, and payroll services. The performance consulting segment
consists of one business unit; the human resources group. The performance
consulting segment provides human resources services. The technology solutions
segment consists of one business unit; the information technology group. The
technology solutions segment provides information technology services. These
services are provided to small to medium sized companies in a variety of
different industries including, but not limited to, manufacturing, construction,
healthcare, and automotive industries.

     Corporate and other charges represent costs at the corporate office that
are not allocated to the business units, which includes goodwill amortization
for all acquisitions accounted for under the purchase method of accounting. Also
included in corporate and other are consolidation and integration charges of
approximately $21.1 million during 1999. See Note 15 to the consolidated
financial statements.

     CBIZ operates in the United States and Toronto, Canada and there is no one
customer that represents a significant portion of sales.

     In November 2000, CBIZ changed its structure from four divisions to three
divisions: Business Solutions, Benefits and Insurance, and National Practices.
The performance consulting and technology solutions divisions were merged into
the National Practices division, and certain business units that formerly
reported under Business Solutions and Benefits and Insurance have also been
moved to the National Practices division, as these units have a national
platform to provide services to customers. CBIZ decided to begin managing the
business according to

                                       F-29
<PAGE>   60
                CENTURY BUSINESS SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- CONTINUED

these new divisions effective in November 2000, although the financial reports
will not be fully functional until January 1, 2001. Therefore, the segment
disclosures below depicts the business under four reportable segments, as
previously reported.

     Segment information for the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999, and 1998
was as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                             -------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                               2000
                             -------------------------------------------------------------------------
                             BUSINESS    BENEFITS &   PERFORMANCE   TECHNOLOGY   CORPORATE
                             SOLUTIONS   INSURANCE    CONSULTING    SOLUTIONS    AND OTHER     TOTAL
                             ---------   ----------   -----------   ----------   ---------   ---------
<S>                          <C>         <C>          <C>           <C>          <C>         <C>
Revenue....................  $341,318     $168,032      $18,081      $40,384     $           $ 567,815
Operating..................   306,654      141,033       13,782       42,901         5,659     510,029
Corporate gen. and admin...        --           --           --           --        24,694      24,694
Depreciation and
  amortization.............     6,910        3,336          174          502        33,413      44,335
Goodwill impairment........        --           --           --           --        48,198      48,198
Interest expense...........       389          204            8           12        11,500      12,113
Loss on sale of
  operations...............     1,161           --           --           --        30,415      31,576
Other (income) expense,
  net......................      (626)       1,966          (27)          (9)        6,205       7,509
Income (loss) from
  continuing operations
  before income taxes......    26,830       21,493        4,144       (3,022)     (160,084)   (110,639)
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                             ------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                               1999
                             ------------------------------------------------------------------------
                             BUSINESS    BENEFITS &   PERFORMANCE   TECHNOLOGY   CORPORATE
                             SOLUTIONS   INSURANCE    CONSULTING    SOLUTIONS    AND OTHER    TOTAL
                             ---------   ----------   -----------   ----------   ---------   --------
<S>                          <C>         <C>          <C>           <C>          <C>         <C>
Revenue....................  $314,079     $172,059      $19,631      $40,624     $      --   $546,393
Operating..................   256,099      133,832       12,390       39,063        12,667    454,051
Corporate gen. and admin...        --           --           --           --        19,138     19,138
Merger-related.............        --           --           --           --         5,789      5,789
Depreciation and
  amortization.............    17,738        3,418          121          382         1,811     23,470
Interest expense...........       895          365           30          232         5,080      6,602
Loss on sale of
  operations...............        --        1,126           --           --         5,941      7,067
Other (income) expense,
  net......................      (955)      (2,194)         (30)        (451)        8,027      4,397
Income (loss) from
  continuing operations
  before income taxes......    40,302       35,512        7,120        1,398       (58,453)    25,879
</TABLE>

                                       F-30
<PAGE>   61
                CENTURY BUSINESS SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- CONTINUED

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                             ------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                               1998
                             ------------------------------------------------------------------------
                             BUSINESS    BENEFITS &   PERFORMANCE   TECHNOLOGY   CORPORATE
                             SOLUTIONS   INSURANCE    CONSULTING    SOLUTIONS    AND OTHER    TOTAL
                             ---------   ----------   -----------   ----------   ---------   --------
<S>                          <C>         <C>          <C>           <C>          <C>         <C>
Revenue....................  $150,333     $150,763      $14,637      $43,735     $      --   $359,468
Operating..................   114,563      114,930        8,245       39,433         5,503    282,674
Corporate gen. and admin...        --           --           --           --         5,155      5,155
Merger-related.............        --           --           --           --         4,535      4,535
Depreciation and
  amortization.............     2,264        3,093           83          311         5,323     11,074
Interest expense...........       245          888           --          260         1,848      3,241
Gain on sale of
  operations...............        --           --           --           --        (1,450)    (1,450)
Other income, net..........      (241)      (1,385)         (10)        (124)       (1,601)    (3,361)
Income (loss) from
  continuing operations
  before income taxes......    33,502       33,237        6,319        3,855       (19,313)    57,600
</TABLE>

18. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

     On March 30, 2001, CBIZ completed an amendment to its original credit
facility. The amendment takes into account the fourth quarter 2000 charges
incurred as discussed in note 15 to the consolidated financial statements.
Significant changes to the amendment are the following:

        - The credit facility was reduced from $172 million to $140 million;

        - Covenant resets were completed for the minimum consolidated net worth
          requirement, consolidated leverage ratio and minimum interest coverage
          ratio;

        - A covenant measuring EBITDA versus operating plan was added to the
          amendment;

        - The applicable margin pertaining to interest rates, was increased by
          100 basis points at the highest level on the pricing grid; and

        - The maturity date was changed from August 2004 to August 2003.

     As a result of the amendment, CBIZ was in compliance with all of its debt
covenants as of December 31, 2000.

     On January 31, 2001, CBIZ completed the sale of Employers Select Plan
Agency of Ohio, Inc. for $1.5 million in cash, and St. James General Agency,
Inc. for $350,000 in cash. Net proceeds from these sales were used for debt
reduction.

     On February 26, 2001, CBIZ settled all litigation involving CBIZ
E-Solutions, Inc. and Century Business Solutions, Inc. v. Paven R. Bratch, et
al. See note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for additional
information.

19. DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS

     In April 1999, Century adopted a formal plan to divest its risk-bearing
specialty insurance segment, which was no longer part of CBIZ's strategic
long-term growth objectives. The risk-bearing specialty insurance segment, which
included Century Surety Company, Evergreen National Indemnity Company, and
Continental Heritage Insurance Company, was reported as a discontinued operation
and its net assets and results of operations were reported separately in the
consolidated financial statements.

     In June 2000, CBIZ announced that it had entered into a binding agreement
for the sale of its risk-bearing specialty insurance segment, as well as
American Inspection and Audit Services, Inc. and CSC Insurance Agency, Inc.
(collectively, the Divested Entities) with Avalon National Corporation (ANC) for
$31 million, subject to regulatory approval. In July 2000, ANC assigned its
rights under the purchase agreement to Pro

                                       F-31
<PAGE>   62
                CENTURY BUSINESS SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- CONTINUED

Finance Holdings Corporation, (which is a consortium of financial entities), and
certain former members of CBIZ's management.

     In October 2000, CBIZ renegotiated the aforementioned sale agreement with
Pro Finance Holding Corporation. In consideration for a $2.0 million reduction
in sale proceeds, CBIZ was able to restructure the agreement for tax purposes
that provided CBIZ a significant tax benefit. Furthermore, the sale proceeds
were reduced by an additional $1.0 million due to severance and bonus payments
due at the Divested Entities. Accordingly, in October 2000, CBIZ completed the
sale of the Divested Entities for $28 million.

     The following information represents the required disclosures for the
Divested Entities at December 31, 1999 and 1998, and for the years then ended.
Assets and liabilities are included in net assets of discontinued operations in
the accompanying consolidated balance sheets, and operating results are included
in income (loss) from operations of discontinued business in the accompanying
consolidated statements of operations.

     At December 31, 1999, the net assets of discontinued operations for the
specialty insurance segment consisted primarily of the following (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                  1999
                                                                --------
<S>                                                             <C>
Premium receivable..........................................    $ 10,800
Investments:
  Fixed maturities..........................................       5,896
  Securities available for sale.............................      74,724
  Mortgage loans............................................          --
  Short-term investments....................................       5,713
                                                                --------
     Total investments......................................      86,333
                                                                --------
Deferred policy acquisition costs...........................       4,536
Reinsurance recoverables....................................      44,305
Other assets................................................      26,793
                                                                --------
Total assets................................................     172,767
                                                                --------
Losses and loss expenses payable............................      84,520
Unearned premiums...........................................      27,860
Other liabilities...........................................      23,574
                                                                --------
Total liabilities...........................................     135,954
                                                                --------
Net assets held for discontinued operations.................    $ 36,813
                                                                ========
</TABLE>

                                       F-32
<PAGE>   63
                CENTURY BUSINESS SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- CONTINUED

     Operating results of the discontinued segment were as follows (in
thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                               1999       1998
                                                              -------    -------
<S>                                                           <C>        <C>
Revenues:
  Premiums earned...........................................  $43,716    $44,896
  Net investment income.....................................    5,037      5,381
  Net gain (loss) on investments............................      (13)     3,001
  Other income..............................................      124      1,230
                                                              -------    -------
     Total revenues.........................................   48,864     54,508
Expenses:
  Loss and loss adjustments.................................   28,644     23,714
  Policy acquisition........................................   16,728     14,932
  Other, net................................................    7,810      5,286
  Depreciation and amortization.............................      346        421
                                                              -------    -------
     Total expenses.........................................   53,528     44,353
                                                              -------    -------
Income (loss) before taxes..................................   (4,664)    10,155
Income tax (benefit) expense................................   (1,068)     3,275
                                                              -------    -------
Income (loss) from discontinued operations..................   (3,596)     6,880
Loss from a previously discontinued operation, net of tax
  benefit...................................................       --         --
                                                              -------    -------
     Total (loss) income from discontinued operations.......  $(3,596)   $ 6,880
                                                              =======    =======
Loss on disposal, net of tax................................  $  (391)   $    --
                                                              =======    =======
</TABLE>

INVESTMENTS

     The amortized cost and estimated fair value of fixed maturities held to
maturity at December 31, 1999 were as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                 GROSS         GROSS
                                                  AMORTIZED    UNREALIZED    UNREALIZED    ESTIMATED
                                                    COST         GAINS         LOSSES      FAIR VALUE
                                                  ---------    ----------    ----------    ----------
<S>                                               <C>          <C>           <C>           <C>
U.S. Treasury securities and obligations of U.S.
  government corporations and agencies..........   $5,588         $10           $159         $5,439
  Corporate securities..........................      308          --             --            308
                                                   ------         ---           ----         ------
     Totals.....................................   $5,896         $10           $159         $5,747
                                                   ======         ===           ====         ======
</TABLE>

                                       F-33
<PAGE>   64
                CENTURY BUSINESS SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- CONTINUED

     The amortized cost and estimated fair value of securities available for
sale at December 31, 1999 were as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                       GROSS         GROSS
                                                     UNREALIZED    UNREALIZED    ESTIMATED
                                   AMORTIZED COST      GAINS         LOSSES      FAIR VALUE
                                   --------------    ----------    ----------    ----------
<S>                                <C>               <C>           <C>           <C>
Fixed Maturities:
U.S. Treasury securities and
  obligations of U.S. government
  agencies.......................     $ 4,192            $5          $   37       $ 4,160
Corporate securities.............      19,744            --           1,470        18,274
Municipal bonds..................      21,082            --             728        20,354
Mortgage-backed securities.......      16,473            --             970        15,503
Other asset-backed securities....      11,308             3             436        10,875
                                      -------            --          ------       -------
                                       72,799             8           3,641        69,166
Equity securities................       5,903             0             345         5,558
                                      -------            --          ------       -------
     Totals......................     $78,702            $8          $3,986       $74,724
                                      =======            ==          ======       =======
</TABLE>

     Expected maturities will differ from contractual maturities because the
issuers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or
prepayment penalties. The amortized cost and estimated fair value of fixed
maturities held to maturity at December 31, 1999, by contractual maturity, were
as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                         AMORTIZED    ESTIMATED
                                                           COST       FAIR VALUE
                                                         ---------    ----------
<S>                                                      <C>          <C>
Due in one year or less................................   $  325        $  325
Due after one year through five years..................    5,495         5,337
Due after ten years....................................       76            85
                                                          ------        ------
                                                          $5,896        $5,747
                                                          ======        ======
</TABLE>

     The amortized cost and estimated fair value of fixed maturities available
for sale at December 31, 1999, by contractual maturity, were as follows (in
thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                         AMORTIZED    ESTIMATED
                                                           COST       FAIR VALUE
                                                         ---------    ----------
<S>                                                      <C>          <C>
Due in one year or less................................   $ 1,506      $ 1,501
Due after one year through five years..................     9,732        9,373
Due after five years through ten years.................    27,457       25,831
Due after ten years....................................     6,323        6,083
                                                          -------      -------
                                                           45,018       42,788
Mortgage-backed securities.............................    16,473       15,503
Other asset-backed securities..........................    11,308       10,875
                                                          -------      -------
                                                          $72,799      $69,166
                                                          =======      =======
</TABLE>

                                       F-34
<PAGE>   65
                CENTURY BUSINESS SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- CONTINUED

     Net investment income was as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                              1999      1998
                                                             ------    ------
<S>                                                          <C>       <C>
Interest...................................................  $5,051    $5,309
Dividends..................................................     327       391
                                                             ------    ------
Total investment income....................................   5,378     5,700
Less: investment expense...................................    (341)     (319)
                                                             ------    ------
     Net investment income.................................  $5,037    $5,381
                                                             ======    ======
</TABLE>

     Realized gains and losses on investments were are as follows (in
thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                              1999     1998
                                                              ----    ------
<S>                                                           <C>     <C>
Realized gains:
  Available for sale:
     Fixed maturities.......................................  $ --    $1,511
     Equity securities......................................    --     1,760
                                                              ----    ------
       Total realized gains.................................  $ --    $3,271
                                                              ----    ------
Realized losses:
  Available for sale:
     Fixed maturities.......................................  $ 13    $   97
     Equity securities......................................    --       173
                                                              ----    ------
       Total realized losses................................    13       270
                                                              ----    ------
          Net realized (losses) gains on investments........  $(13)   $3,001
                                                              ====    ======
</TABLE>

     The change in net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of investments is
summarized as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            1999       1998
                                                           -------    -------
<S>                                                        <C>        <C>
Available for sale:
  Fixed maturities.......................................  $(3,744)   $  (683)
  Equity securities......................................     (280)    (1,495)
                                                           -------    -------
                                                           $(4,024)   $(2,178)
                                                           =======    =======
</TABLE>

     The components of unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on securities
available for sale at December 31, 1999 and 1998 were as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            1999       1998
                                                           -------    -------
<S>                                                        <C>        <C>
Gross unrealized appreciation (depreciation).............  $(3,978)   $    46
Deferred income tax expense (benefit)....................    1,352        (16)
                                                           -------    -------
Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation)...............  $(2,626)   $    30
                                                           =======    =======
</TABLE>

                                       F-35
<PAGE>   66
                CENTURY BUSINESS SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- CONTINUED

     As a result of the adoption of SFAS 130 in 1998, reclassification
adjustments related to gains on securities available for sale at December 31,
1999 and 1998 were as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            1999       1998
                                                           -------    -------
<S>                                                        <C>        <C>
Holding (losses) gains arising during the period.........  $(4,037)   $   823
Reclassification adjustments for losses (gains) realized
  in net income..........................................       13     (3,001)
                                                           -------    -------
  Other comprehensive loss...............................   (4,024)    (2,178)
  Income tax benefit.....................................   (1,368)      (602)
                                                           -------    -------
  Other comprehensive loss, net of tax...................  $(2,656)   $(1,576)
                                                           =======    =======
</TABLE>

     Fixed maturities held to maturity and certificates of deposit with a
carrying value of approximately $10,172,000 at December 31, 1999, were on
deposit with regulatory authorities as required by law.

     The following methods and assumptions were used by CBIZ in estimating its
fair value disclosures for financial instruments:

     Cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments and premiums
receivable: The carrying amounts reported in the consolidated balance sheets for
these instruments are at cost, which approximates fair value.

     Investment securities: Fair values for investments in fixed maturities are
based on quoted market prices, where available. For fixed maturities not
actively traded, fair values are estimated using values obtained from
independent pricing services. The fair values for equity securities are based on
quoted market prices.

     Mortgage loans: The carrying amounts reported in the consolidated balance
sheets are the aggregate unpaid balances of the loans, which approximates fair
value.

DEFERRED POLICY ACQUISITION COSTS

     At December 31, 1999 and 1998 changes in deferred policy acquisition costs
were as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            1999       1998
                                                          --------    -------
<S>                                                       <C>         <C>
Balance, beginning of year..............................  $  5,746    $ 4,478
Policy acquisition costs deferred.......................    15,518     16,200
Amortized to expense during the year....................   (16,728)   (14,932)
                                                          --------    -------
Balance, end of year....................................  $  4,536    $ 5,746
                                                          ========    =======
</TABLE>

REINSURANCE

     In the ordinary course of business, CBIZ assumed and ceded reinsurance with
other insurers and reinsurers. These arrangements provide CBIZ with a greater
diversification of business and generally limit the maximum net loss potential
on large risks. Although the ceding of reinsurance did not discharge an insurer
from its primary legal liability to a policyholder, the reinsuring company
assumes the related liability. Excess of loss reinsurance contracts in effect
through December 31, 1999 generally protected individual property losses over
$200,000 and casualty losses over $200,000. Additionally, most contract surety
business was reinsured on a 92.5% quota share basis of the first $500,000 in
losses. Workers compensation business was 100% ceded on a quota share basis to
reinsurers. Catastrophe coverage is also maintained.

                                       F-36
<PAGE>   67
                CENTURY BUSINESS SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- CONTINUED

     The impact of reinsurance were as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            1999       1998
                                                           -------    -------
<S>                                                        <C>        <C>
Premiums written:
  Direct.................................................  $69,507    $54,458
  Assumed................................................   12,278     28,475
  Ceded..................................................  (41,240)   (34,836)
                                                           -------    -------
     Net.................................................  $40,545    $48,097
                                                           =======    =======
Premiums earned:
  Direct.................................................  $63,873    $53,127
  Assumed................................................   19,289     23,226
  Ceded..................................................  (39,446)   (31,457)
                                                           -------    -------
     Net.................................................  $43,716    $44,896
                                                           =======    =======
Losses and loss expense incurred:
  Direct.................................................  $44,120    $24,066
  Assumed................................................   17,920     18,056
  Ceded..................................................  (33,396)   (18,408)
                                                           -------    -------
     Net.................................................  $28,644    $23,714
                                                           =======    =======
</TABLE>

     The reinsurance payables were $16,766,500 at December 31, 1999.

     Reinsurance recoverables were comprised of the following as of December 31,
1999 and 1998 (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            1999       1998
                                                           -------    -------
<S>                                                        <C>        <C>
Recoverables on unpaid losses and loss expenses..........  $34,964    $16,438
Receivables on ceding commissions and other..............    3,817      5,365
Receivables on paid losses and expenses..................    5,524      2,115
                                                           -------    -------
                                                           $44,305    $23,918
                                                           =======    =======
</TABLE>

     CBIZ evaluated the financial condition of its reinsurers and established a
valuation allowance as reinsurance receivables were deemed uncollectible. During
1999, the majority of ceded amounts were ceded to General Insurance Company,
Continental Casualty Company, Republic Western Insurance Company, American
Reinsurance Company, Signet Star Reinsurance Company, and Underwriters
Reinsurance Company. Century monitored concentrations of risks arising from
similar geographic regions or activities to minimize its exposure to significant
losses from catastrophic events.

                                       F-37
<PAGE>   68
                CENTURY BUSINESS SERVICES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- CONTINUED

LIABILITY FOR LOSSES AND LOSS EXPENSE PAYABLE

     Activity in the liability for unpaid losses and loss expenses is summarized
as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            1999       1998
                                                           -------    -------
<S>                                                        <C>        <C>
Balance at January 1.....................................  $60,994    $50,655
  Less: reinsurance recoverables, net....................  (16,438)    (8,256)
                                                           -------    -------
Net balance at January 1.................................   44,556     42,399
                                                           -------    -------
Incurred related to:
     Current year........................................   26,629     26,742
     Prior years.........................................    2,015     (3,028)
                                                           -------    -------
       Total incurred....................................   28,644     23,714
                                                           -------    -------
Paid related to:
     Current year........................................    8,773      7,918
     Prior years.........................................   14,871     13,639
                                                           -------    -------
       Total paid........................................   23,644     21,557
                                                           -------    -------
Net balance at December 31...............................   49,556     44,556
Plus: reinsurance recoverables, net......................   34,964     16,438
                                                           -------    -------
Balance at December 31...................................  $84,520    $60,994
                                                           =======    =======
</TABLE>

     CBIZ experienced higher than anticipated ultimate losses on prior year.
CBIZ's environmental exposure from continuing operations related primarily to
its coverage of remediation related risks, thus management believes CBIZ's
exposure to historic pollution situations is minimal.

     Ohio law limits the payment of dividends by an insurance company to its
parent. The maximum dividend that may be paid without prior approval of the
Director of Insurance is limited to the greater of the statutory net income of
the preceding calendar year or 10% of total statutory surplus as of the prior
December 31.

     The consolidated financial statements were prepared in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). CBIZ's insurance subsidiaries
filed annual financial statements with the Ohio Department of Insurance and are
prepared on the basis of accounting practices prescribed by such regulatory
authorities, which differ from GAAP. Prescribed statutory accounting practices
included a variety of publications of the National Association of Insurance
Commissioners (NAIC), as well as state laws, regulations and general
administrative rules. Permitted statutory accounting practices encompass all
accounting practices not prescribed. All material transactions recorded by
Century's insurance subsidiaries are in accordance with prescribed practices.

     In December 1993, the NAIC adopted the property and casualty Risk-Based
Capital (RBC) formula. This model act requires every property and casualty
insurer to calculate its total adjusted capital and RBC requirement, and
provides for an insurance commissioner to intervene if the insurer experiences
financial difficulty. The model act became law in Ohio in March 1996, states
where certain subsidiaries of Century are domiciled. The RBC formula includes
components for asset risk, liability risk, interest rate exposure and other
factors. Century's insurance subsidiaries exceeded all required RBC levels as of
December 31, 1999.

     The CSC Group's statutory net income for the years ended December 31, 1999
and 1998, was approximately $554,000 and $4,889,000, respectively. The statutory
capital and surplus as of December 31, 1999 was approximately $29,512,000.

                                       F-38
<PAGE>   69

                        CENTURY BUSINESS SERVICES, INC.

         SCHEDULE II -- VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS AND RESERVES
             FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000, 1999, AND 1998

                                 (IN THOUSANDS)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
         COLUMN A               COLUMN B                     COLUMN C                   COLUMN D      COLUMN E
---------------------------  --------------   --------------------------------------   -----------   ----------
                                                           ADDITIONS
                                                 (1)          (2)           (3)
                               BALANCE AT     CHARGED TO    CHARGED                                   BALANCE
                              BEGINNING OF    COSTS AND     TO OTHER                   DEDUCTIONS/     AT END
                                 PERIOD        EXPENSES     ACCOUNTS    ACQUISITIONS   RECOVERIES    OF PERIOD
                             --------------   ----------   ----------   ------------   -----------   ----------
<S>                          <C>              <C>          <C>          <C>            <C>           <C>
YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
  2000
Allowance deducted from
  assets to which they
  apply:
Allowance for doubtful
  accounts.................      13,272         26,693        3,042            --        (20,851)      22,156
                                =======        =======       ======        ======       ========      =======

YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
  1999
Allowance deducted from
  assets to which they
  apply:
Allowance for doubtful
  accounts.................       5,378          9,831        3,347         1,116         (6,400)      13,272
                                =======        =======       ======        ======       ========      =======

YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
  1998
Allowance deducted from
  assets to which they
  apply:
Allowance for doubtful
  accounts.................     $ 1,472        $ 2,306       $   --        $3,257       $ (1,657)     $ 5,378
                                =======        =======       ======        ======       ========      =======
</TABLE>

                                       F-39
<PAGE>   70

                        CENTURY BUSINESS SERVICES, INC.

              SCHEDULE III -- SUPPLEMENTARY INSURANCE INFORMATION
                 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1999 AND 1998
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
            COLUMN A                COLUMN B        COLUMN C       COLUMN D      COLUMN E       COLUMN F
---------------------------------  -----------    -------------    --------    -------------    --------
                                                  FUTURE POLICY
                                    DEFERRED        BENEFITS,                  OTHER POLICY
                                     POLICY       LOSSES CLAIM                  CLAIMS AND
                                   ACQUISITION     AND LOSSES      UNEARNED      BENEFITS       PREMIUM
             SEGMENT                  COST           EXPENSE       PREMIUMS      PAYABLES       REVENUE
             -------               -----------    -------------    --------    -------------    --------
<S>                                <C>            <C>              <C>         <C>              <C>
Year Ended:
  December 31, 1999..............    $4,536          $84,520       $27,860          N/A         $43,716
  December 31, 1998..............     5,746           60,994        29,236          N/A          44,896
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                    COLUMN G       COLUMN H        COLUMN I      COLUMN J     COLUMN K
                                   ----------    ------------    ------------    ---------    --------
                                                                 AMORTIZATION
                                                                 OF DEFERRED
                                      NET                           POLICY         OTHER       DIRECT
                                   INVESTMENT     LOSSES AND     ACQUISITION     OPERATING    PREMIUMS
                                     INCOME      LOSS EXPENSE       COSTS        EXPENSES     WRITTEN
                                   ----------    ------------    ------------    ---------    --------
<S>                                <C>           <C>             <C>             <C>          <C>
Year Ended:
  December 31, 1999..............    $5,037        $28,644         $16,728        $7,810      $69,507
  December 31, 1998..............     5,381         23,714          14,932         5,286       54,458
</TABLE>

                                       F-40
<PAGE>   71

                        CENTURY BUSINESS SERVICES, INC.

                           SCHEDULE IV -- REINSURANCE
                 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1999 AND 1998
                                 (IN THOUSANDS)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
          COLUMN A               COLUMN B      COLUMN C       COLUMN D       COLUMN E      COLUMN F
-----------------------------  ------------    ---------    ------------    ----------    ----------
                                                                                          PERCENTAGE
                                                                                              OF
                                               CEDED TO     ASSUMED FROM                    AMOUNT
                                                 OTHER         OTHER                       ASSUMED
                               GROSS AMOUNT    COMPANIES     COMPANIES      NET AMOUNT      TO NET
                               ------------    ---------    ------------    ----------    ----------
<S>                            <C>             <C>          <C>             <C>           <C>
Year Ended December 31, 1999
Property -- Casualty Earned
  Premiums...................    $63,873        $39,446       $19,289        $43,716         44.12%
Year Ended December 31, 1998

Property -- Casualty Earned
  Premiums...................     53,127         31,457        23,226         44,896         51.73%
</TABLE>

                                       F-41
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
