<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>brt10k093005.txt
<TEXT>
                                 UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549
                               -----------------
                                    FORM 10-K

(Mark One)
 [X] ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
 ACT OF 1934

                  For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2005
                                            ------------------

                                     or

[ ] TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
     EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

                      Commission file number 001-07172

                                BRT REALTY TRUST
            ---------------------------------------------------------
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)


         Massachusetts                                      13-2755856
         -------------------------------------------------------------
         (State or other jurisdiction                 (I.R.S. employer
         of incorporation or organization)         identification no.)

         60 Cutter Mill Road, Great Neck, New York              11021
         ------------------------------------------------------------
        (Address of principal executive offices)           (Zip Code)

         Registrant's telephone number, including area code   516-466-3100
                                                              ------------

         Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

         Title of each class         Name of each exchange on which registered
         ----------------------------------------------------------------------
         Shares of Beneficial                      New York Stock Exchange
         Interest, $3.00 Par Value

         Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

                                      NONE
                     ----------------------------------------
                                (Title of Class)

         Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned
issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the  Securities  Act.   Yes      No  X
                                                              ---     ---



         Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file
reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act.    Yes      No  X
                                                           ---


         Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes X No

         Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to
Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any
amendment to this Form 10-K [ ]

         Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an accelerated filer
(as defined in Exchange Act Rule 12b-2).    Yes   X     No
                                                 ---       ---

         Indicate by check mark whether registrant is a shell company (as
defined in Exchange Act Rule 12b-2).        Yes        No  X
                                                ---       ---

         The aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held
by non-affiliates of the registrant was $75,010,000 based on the last sale price
of the common equity on March 31, 2005, which is the last business day of the
registrant's most recently completed second quarter.

         As of December 7, 2005, the registrant had 7,830,252 shares of
Beneficial Interest outstanding, excluding treasury shares.


<PAGE>



                       DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE


Portions of the proxy statement for the annual meeting of shareholders of BRT
Realty Trust to be filed not later than January 30, 2006 are incorporated by
reference into Part III of this Form 10-K.



<PAGE>


PART I
Item l.  Business

General

         We are a real estate investment trust, also known as a REIT, organized
as a business trust in 1972 under the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.
We are primarily engaged in originating and holding for investment senior and
junior commercial mortgage loans secured by real property in the United States.
From time to time, we also participate as both an equity investor in, and as a
mortgage lender to, joint ventures which acquire income-producing real property.
We have originated in the past, and will consider in the future, loans to
entities which own real property collateralized by pledges of some or all of the
ownership interests that directly or indirectly control such real property
("mezzanine financing"). Our focus is to originate loans secured by real
property, which generally have high yields and are short term or bridge loans,
with an average duration ranging from six months to three years. Our loans to
joint ventures in which we participate as an equity owner may provide for a
longer term.

         On September 30, 2005, our mortgage portfolio consisted of 41 mortgage
loans totaling $193.0 million in aggregate principal amount, net of allowances
of $669,000, which represented 72% of our total assets. As of September 30,
2005, all outstanding loans, except for two mortgage loans in the aggregate
principal amount of $1,617,000 with an allowance of $439,000 for loan losses,
were earning interest. The mortgage loans not earning interest represent
approximately .08% of our outstanding loan portfolio at September 30, 2005.

         Of the principal amount of loans outstanding on September 30, 2005, 94%
represent first mortgage loans or mortgage loans in which we held a senior or
pari passu participation interest, and 6% represent junior mortgage loans or
junior participations.

         During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2005, in addition to
originating mortgage loans, we were engaged in servicing our loan portfolio,
supervising the management of real estate assets owned by us and overseeing the
activities of joint ventures in which we are involved as an equity participant.

Our Investment Strategy

         Our primary strategy is to maintain and increase the cash available for
distribution to our shareholders by originating mortgage loans secured by a
diversified portfolio of real property. We actively pursue lending opportunities
with property owners and prospective property owners who require short-term
financing until permanent financing can be obtained or until the property is
sold. Our investment policy emphasizes the origination for our own account of
short-term senior and junior real estate mortgage loans secured by liens on
improved real property which generate rental income. As of September 30, 2005,
94% of the aggregate principal balance of our portfolio consisted of first
mortgage loans or mortgage loans in which we held a senior or pari passu
participation interest. Our lending activities focus on operating properties
such as multi-family residential properties, shopping centers, office buildings,
industrial buildings, mixed use buildings and hotels/motels, as well as loans
secured by undeveloped real property. We also originate and hold for investment
loans secured by improved commercial or multi-family residential property which
is vacant or partially vacant, pending renovation and sale or leasing.

         We sell, from time to time, senior, junior or pari passu participations
in mortgage loans that we originate. We may also acquire participations in
mortgage loans originated by others, and we may invest in the securities of
other REITs. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2005, we sold $38.5 million
of junior and senior participation interests.

         In the past we have originated participating mortgage loans and may
engage in such activity in the future; however at September 30, 2005, we had no
participating mortgage loans outstanding. A participating mortgage loan is
secured by a mortgage on income producing real property, provides for a somewhat
lesser interest rate than the rate charged on our short-term mortgage loans, is
for a longer term, and provides for payment of "additional" or "appreciation"
interest either at the time of the sale or refinancing of the property securing
the loan or at the maturity of the loan. The additional interest is based on the
incremental value of the property securing the mortgage from the date the loan
is consummated to the date the loan is paid off, but can also be based on a
fixed rate, or other negotiated criteria.

         On a limited basis, we have originated mezzanine loans to the owners of
real property secured by some or all of the ownership interests that directly or
indirectly control the real property. Mezzanine loans are subordinate to the
direct mortgage or mortgages placed on the property owned and senior to the
equity of the ownership entity.


         When we invest in junior mortgage loans, junior participations in
existing loans or in mezzanine loans, the collateral securing our loans is
subordinate to the liens of senior mortgages or senior participations. At
September 30, 2005, approximately 6% of our real estate mortgages, or
$11,951,000 in principal amount, were represented by junior mortgages or junior
participations. In certain cases, we may find it advisable to make additional
payments in order to maintain the current status of prior liens or to discharge
them entirely or to make working capital advances to support current operations.
It is possible that the amount which may be recovered by us in cases in which we
hold a junior position may be less than our total investment, less allowances
for possible losses, and we could lose our entire investment in that loan.

         We also originate mortgage loans to joint ventures in which we are an
equity participant. If we determine that a real property investment provides an
opportunity to participate in capital appreciation, we may make an equity
investment with a joint venturer, and make a mortgage loan, either senior or
junior, to the venture. At September 30, 2005, we had $8,713,000 invested in
joint ventures in which we were an equity participant, and $3,500,000 in second
mortgage loans were due to us from these joint ventures. In most instances, a
mortgage loan made by us to a joint venture in which we are an equity
participant is secured by the real property owned by the joint venture.

         In the past three fiscal years there has been significant growth in our
loan originations. We originated $259.3 million, $231.6 million and $58.7
million of mortgage loans in fiscal 2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively. In this
three year period our lending activities have become nationwide and we have seen
an increase in the average loan originated. Both of these factors we attribute
to an increase in our marketing activities. As of September 30, 2005, we have
loans outstanding that are secured by properties located in 13 states. It is not
our present intent to originate or otherwise invest in any mortgage loan secured
by property located outside the United States and Puerto Rico.

Our Origination Process

         We originate loans in a number of ways. We rely on the relationships
developed by our advisor, our officers and our loan originators with real estate
investors, commercial real estate brokers, mortgage brokers and bankers. We
advertise our programs and activities in real estate publications and journals
and we attend trade shows and other industry activities. We have experienced a
great deal of repeat business with many of our borrowers. We act promptly on
loan requests and provide loan commitments and close transactions quickly,
within a few weeks or days, if required. Our ability to act quickly and close
rapidly, if required, permits us to be competitive with lending firms offering
similar lending products.

         Loan approvals are based on a review of property information as well as
other due diligence activities undertaken by us, including a site visit to the
property, an in-house property valuation, a review of the results of operations
of the property, or in a case of an acquisition by our borrower, a review of the
borrower's projected results of operations for the property, and a review of the
financial condition of the prospective borrower and its principals. If our
management determines that an environmental assessment of the underlying
property is necessary, then such an assessment is conducted by a third-party
provider. Before a loan commitment is issued, the loan must be approved by our
loan committee. Loan approval occurs after the assent of not less than four of
the seven members of our loan committee, all of whom are our executive officers.
We generally obtain a non-refundable commitment fee from a prospective borrower
at the time of issuing a loan commitment, and our loan commitments are generally
issued subject to receipt by us of title documentation, in a form satisfactory
to us, for the underlying property. For many of our commitments we also receive
non-refundable fees, which may include an advance against projected legal fees,
our due diligence costs and other costs we expect to incur. We usually receive
an additional fee in connection with a loan extension. In our 2005 fiscal year,
we earned $2,734,000 on all commitment and loan related fees. We have no fixed
policy or limitation on the amount or percentage of our assets which we may
invest in a single mortgage loan. The approval of our Board of Trustees is
required for each loan which exceeds $20 million in principal amount, and the
approval of our Board of Trustees is also required where loans by us to one
borrower exceed $30 million, in the aggregate.

         We require either a personal guarantee or a "walk-away guarantee" from
a principal or principals of a borrower, in substantially all of the loans
originated by us. A "walk-away guarantee" generally provides that the full
guarantee terminates only if (i) the borrower conveys title to the property to
us within a negotiated period of time after a loan default and (ii) the borrower
or the guarantor satisfy certain obligations, such as current payment of all
real estate taxes and operating expenses. The "walk-away guarantee" is intended
to provide an incentive to the principals of a borrower to have the collateral
deeded to us in lieu of foreclosure, thereby eliminating the cost of foreclosure
proceedings. By complying with the terms of the "walk-away guarantee," the
principals of the borrower avoid the further risk of being personally
responsible for any difference between the amount owed to us and the amount we
recover in a foreclosure proceeding. If we make more than one loan to a
borrower, we may require that some, or all, outstanding loans to that borrower
be cross-collateralized.

Our Credit Facilities

         We have two separate credit facilities with a group of banks consisting
of North Fork Bank, Valley National Bank, Merchants Bank Division and Signature
Bank. Under the credit facilities, North Fork Bank, Valley National Bank,
Merchants Bank Division and Signature Bank make available to us up to an
aggregate of $102 million on a revolving basis, of which $85 million matures,
under one facility, on February 16, 2007 (with two one-year extensions available
to us), and of which $17 million matures, under the other facility, on February
1, 2006. The maximum amount which can be outstanding under the credit facilities
is the lesser of 65% of the first mortgages pledged to the lending banks as
collateral or $102 million. At September 30, 2005, $102 million was available to
be drawn based on the lending formula under our credit facilities and $89
million was outstanding. At November 30, 2005, $98.6 million was available to be
drawn based on the lending formula under our credit facilities and $62 million
was outstanding. Borrowings under the credit facilities bear interest at the
prime rate of North Fork Bank plus 1/2%, or 7.25% per annum as of September 30,
2005, and 7.50% as of November 30, 2005. The loan documents between us and our
lenders contain affirmative and negative covenants, including (i) a requirement
that the ratio of shareholders' equity to bank debt shall not be less than 1.30
to 1.00 until February 1, 2006 and not less than 1.50 to 1.00 thereafter, and
(ii) a required debt coverage ratio of 1.65 to 1.

         We also have the ability to borrow under margin lines of credit
maintained with national brokerage firms, secured by the common shares we own in
Entertainment Properties Trust (NYSE: EPR), or EPR, and other marketable
securities. Under the terms of these margin lines of credit, we may borrow up to
an amount equal to 50% of the market value of the securities we own. At
September 30, 2005, $24.2 million was available under these margin lines of
credit, of which $21.9 million was outstanding, and at November 30, 2005, $23.3
million was available under these margin lines of credit, of which $20.3 million
was outstanding. At September 30, 2005, the weighted average interest rate paid
on the margin lines of credit was 5.79%.

         Since the spreads between the interest paid by us on our revolving
credit facilities and margin lines of credit and the interest paid to us by a
borrower can range from approximately 3% to 5%, the use of leverage increases
our yields.

Loan Defaults

         Loan defaults will reduce our current return and may require us to
become involved in expensive and time consuming procedures, including
foreclosure and/or bankruptcy proceedings. In the event of a default by a
borrower on a mortgage loan, we will foreclose on the mortgage or other
collateral held by us or seek to protect our investment through negotiations
with the borrower or other interested parties, which may involve further cash
outlays. During a foreclosure proceeding, we will usually not receive interest
payments under our mortgage. Foreclosure proceedings in certain jurisdictions
can take a considerable period of time, in excess of two years in many
instances. In addition, if a borrower files for protection under the Federal
bankruptcy laws during the foreclosure process, the delays may be longer. In a
mortgage foreclosure proceeding, we will typically seek to have a receiver
appointed by the court or an independent third party property manager appointed
with the borrower's agreement in order to preserve the rental income stream and
provide for the maintenance of the property. At the conclusion of the
foreclosure or negotiated workout process, which occurs after the property is
either sold at auction to a third party purchaser, acquired by us, or the
workout process results in the borrower or its designee retaining the property,
then the amounts, if any, collected by the receiver or the third party manager,
less costs and expenses of operating the property and the receiver's or
manager's fees, are usually paid over to us. In certain negotiated workouts, we
have acquired title to a property from the borrower and afforded the borrower
the opportunity to reacquire the property within a specified period of time at a
fixed price. Except for two non-earning loans in the outstanding principal
amount of $1.62 million which are in default and are in foreclosure, no other
foreclosure proceeding commenced by us was active as of September 30, 2005 and
as of the date of this filing.

Our Loan Portfolio

         At September 30, 2005, we had 41 outstanding mortgage loans,
aggregating approximately $193.6 million in principal amount before allowances
of $669,000, which include senior and junior mortgage loans, pari passu and
junior participations in mortgage loans and loans to joint ventures in which we
are an equity participant. Our allowances of $669,000 relate to three mortgage
loans (to two borrowers), aggregating $3.07 million, of which one loan with a
balance of $1.45 million was earning interest and two loans with a balance of
$1.62 million were non-performing as of September 30, 2005. In determining the
allowance for possible loan losses, we take into account a number of factors,
including a market evaluation of the underlying collateral, the underlying
property's estimated cash flow during the projected holding period, and
estimated sales value computed by applying an expected capitalization rate to
the stabilized net operating income of the specific property, less estimated
selling costs. We also take into account the extent of liquidity in the real
estate industry, particularly in the New York metropolitan area, including New
Jersey and Connecticut, and in Florida, where, at September 30, 2005,
approximately 68% of our portfolio is located. Management monitors a borrower's
performance and compliance with the loan documents and where we hold a junior
lien, we monitor the status of payments to the first mortgagee and payment of
real estate taxes. Our management reviews the loan portfolio on a quarterly
basis to determine if allowances are needed.

         At September 30, 2005, our loan portfolio was secured by real property
located in 13 states. Loans representing 34% of the principal amount of our
total outstanding loans were secured by properties located in the New York
metropolitan area, including New Jersey and Connecticut, 34% of the principal
amount by properties located in Florida, 9% of the principal amount by
properties located in Tennessee, and 23% of the principal amount by properties
in the remaining states.

         For the year ended September 30, 2005, we originated $259.3 million of
mortgage loans, $160.3 million of our previously outstanding loans were repaid
in whole or in part and we sold participation interests of $38.5 million. Our
three largest mortgage loans outstanding at September 30, 2005 of approximately
$16 million, $13.4 million and $13.3 million, respectively, represented 6.01%,
5.02% and 5.00%, respectively, of our total assets. There was no other mortgage
loan in our portfolio that represented more than 4.79% of our total assets as of
September 30, 2005.

         At September 30, 2005 $43.5 million of our loan portfolio was
represented by five loans secured by five separate properties made to one
borrower. These loans represented 16.3% of our total assets and 22.5% of our
loan portfolio at September 30, 2005. Another borrower had $18.8 million of
loans outstanding with us at September 30, 2005 secured by two separate
properties, representing 7.1% of our total assets and 9.7% of our loan
portfolio. A third borrower had $18.3 million of loans outstanding at September
30, 2005 secured by three separate properties representing 6.9% of our total
assets and 9.4% of our loan portfolio. No other borrower has loans outstanding
with us which represent in excess of 6.0% of our total assets or 8.3% of our
loan portfolio.

         At September 30, 2005, approximately 96% of our mortgage loans had a
floating rate of interest calculated based on a variable spread above the prime
rate, with a stated minimum interest rate (also referred to as adjustable rate
mortgages), and approximately 4% of our mortgage loans provided for a fixed rate
of interest. Interest on our mortgage loans is payable to us monthly. We usually
require and hold funds in escrow that are payable to us monthly and which are
used to pay real estate taxes and casualty insurance premiums. We may also
require a borrower to fund an interest reserve out of the net loan proceeds,
from which all or a portion of the interest payments due us are made for a
specified period of time.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

         The following sets forth information regarding our mortgage loans
outstanding at September 30, 2005:

                                                                   Interest       Non-Interest        Prior         No. of
                                                   Total            Earning          Earning          Liens          Loans
                                                   -----            -------          -------          -----          -----
<S>                                             <C>              <C>                <C>             <C>               <C>

First mortgage loans:
     Long-term
         Residential                            $    31,000      $     31,000                -               -           1
     Short-term (five years or less):
        Multi-Family Residential                103,091,000       103,091,000                -               -          16
        Shopping centers/retail                  27,517,000        25,900,000       $1,617,000               -           9
        Land23,853,000                           23,853,000                 -                -               -           3
        Condominium development/
        units                                    18,558,000        18,558,000                -               -           3
        Industrial buildings                      8,628,000         8,628,000                -               -           4

Second mortgage loans and junior participations:
     Short-term (five years or less):
        Multi-Family Residential                 $9,119,000        $9,119,000                -     $33,107,000           2
        Retail                                    1,510,000         1,510,000                -       1,139,000           1
        Office                                    1,322,000         1,322,000                -       7,689,000           2
</TABLE>

Competition

         With respect to our real estate lending activities, we compete for
investments with other entities, including other mortgage REITs, commercial
banks, savings and loan associations, specialty finance companies, conduits,
pension funds, public and private lending companies, and mortgage bankers.
Competition for mortgage loans is highly competitive, with lenders competing on
rate, fees, amounts committed, term and service. Many of our competitors possess
greater financial and other resources than we possess. Competitive variables
include market visibility, size of loans offered and underwriting standards. To
the extent a competitor is willing to risk larger capital in a particular
transaction, or employ more liberal underwriting standards, our origination
volume and profit margins could be adversely impacted. We compete by offering
rapid response time in terms of approval and closing and by offering "no
prepayment penalty" loans, and we may offer a higher loan to value ratio than
institutional competitors. In order to compete more effectively, we engage in a
national advertising and marketing program.

Our Investment in Entertainment Properties Trust

         As of September 30, 2005, we had an investment of $46.4 million in
securities of other REITS, or 17.4% of our total assets, of which $45.1 million,
or 16.9% of our total assets, represented our ownership of 1,009,600 common
shares of Entertainment Properties Trust (EPR). Our EPR shares were purchased at
an average cost for book purposes of $13.14 per share. As of September 30, 2005,
the market value of our EPR investment was approximately $45.1 million, or
$44.63 per share, and we had an unrealized gain of $31.8 million. As of November
30, 2005, the market value of this investment was $43.2 million, or $42.78 per
share. In our 2005 fiscal year, EPR paid or declared cash dividends to its
shareholders at a quarterly rate of $0.625 per share, which provided us with an
annual yield of 19% on our book cost and 5.60% on the September 30, 2005 market
value. From time to time, we evaluate our investment in EPR and determine
whether or not to sell any EPR shares, taking into consideration EPR's results
of operations and business prospects, general market conditions and our short
and long term business objectives. Under the Investment Company Act of 1940, if
more than 40% of a company's assets are investment securities, then such company
could be subject to the Investment Company Act of 1940. We monitor the value of
our securities portfolio in order to avoid being categorized as an investment
company.

Our Real Estate Assets

         In addition to originating mortgage loans, we supervise the management
of our real estate assets, which include properties that were acquired by
foreclosure or deed in lieu of foreclosure and properties owned by joint
ventures in which we participate as an equity investor. At September 30, 2005,
approximately 2.3% of our total assets, or an aggregate of approximately $6.1
million, were represented by three operating properties, two of which were
acquired by foreclosure. At September 30, 2005, approximately 3.3% of our total
assets, or an aggregate of approximately $8.7 million, were represented by
interests in joint ventures that collectively own eight properties. From time to
time, we evaluate the status of our real estate assets and determine our
short-term and long-term objectives for these investments.

Employees

         We share executive, administrative, legal, accounting and clerical
personnel with several affiliated entities including, among others, Gould
Investors L.P., a limited partnership involved in the ownership and operation of
a diversified portfolio of real estate, and One Liberty Properties, Inc., a
publicly-traded REIT. Jeffrey A. Gould, our President and Chief Executive
Officer, George Zweier, a Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, two
officers engaged in loan origination and underwriting activities, and two others
engaged in underwriting activities, devote substantially all of their business
time to our company, while our other personnel share their services on a
part-time basis with us and other affiliated entities that share our executive
offices. The allocation of expenses for the shared personnel is computed in
accordance with a shared services agreement by and among us and the affiliated
entities, which we refer to as the Shared Services Agreement. The allocation is
based on the estimated time devoted by executive, administrative, legal,
accounting and clerical personnel to the affairs of each entity that is a party
to the Shared Services Agreement.

         In addition, we are party to an advisory agreement, which we refer to
as the Advisory Agreement, between us and REIT Management Corp. Pursuant to the
Advisory Agreement, REIT Management Corp. furnishes advisory and administrative
services with respect to our business, including, without limitation, arranging
credit lines for us, participating in our loan analysis and approvals, providing
investment advice, providing assistance with building inspections and litigation
support. For services performed by REIT Management Corp. under the Advisory
Agreement, REIT Management Corp. receives an annual fee of 1% payable on
mortgages receivable, subordinated land leases and investments in unconsolidated
ventures, as well as an annual fee of 1/2% of our invested assets other than
mortgages receivable, subordinated land leases and investments in unconsolidated
ventures. During the year ended September 30, 2005, we paid $1.9 million to REIT
Management Corp. under the Advisory Agreement. In addition, our borrowers pay
fees directly to REIT Management Corp. based on their loans, which generally are
one-time fees payable upon initial funding of the loan in the amount of 1% of
the total commitment amount. During the year ended September 30, 2005, these
fees totaled $2.7 million. REIT Management Corp. is wholly owned by the chairman
of our Board of Trustees and he and other of our executive officers receive
compensation, directly or indirectly, from REIT Management Corp.

         We believe that the Shared Services Agreement and the Advisory
Agreement allow our company to benefit from access to, and from the services of,
a group of senior executives with significant knowledge and experience. If not
for the structure established under these agreements, we believe that a company
of our size would not have access to the skills and expertise of these
executives at the cost that we currently incur.

         We also engage affiliated entities to manage properties held by us and
some of the joint ventures in which we are an equity participant, including
cooperative apartments. These management services include, among other things,
rent billing and collection, property maintenance, contractor negotiation,
construction management, sales, leasing and mortgage brokerage. In management's
judgment, the fees paid by us to these affiliated entities are competitive with
fees that would be charged for comparable services by unrelated entities.

Available Information

         You can access financial and other information regarding our company on
our website: www.brtrealty.com. We make available, free of charge, copies of our
annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on
Form 8-K and Amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as soon as
reasonably practicable after electronically filing such material with, or
furnishing such material to, the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Item 1A.  Risk Factors

         In addition to the other information contained or incorporated by
reference in this Form 10-K, readers should carefully consider the following
risk factors:

Risks Related to Our Business

If borrowers default on loans, we will experience a decrease in income and any
recovery may be limited by the value of the underlying property

         Loan defaults will result in a decrease in interest income and may
require an increase in loan loss reserves. The decrease in interest income
resulting from loan defaults may be for a prolonged period of time as we seek to
recover the outstanding principal balance, accrued interest, default interest
and our legal costs. These legal proceedings, which may include foreclosure
actions and bankruptcy and reorganization proceedings, are expensive and time
consuming. The decrease in interest income and the costs involved in seeking to
recover the outstanding amounts will reduce the amount of cash available to meet
our expenses. In addition, the decrease in interest income and increases in loan
loss reserves will have an adverse impact on our net income, taxable income and
shareholders' equity. The decrease in interest income and the costs involved in
seeking to recover the outstanding amounts could have an adverse impact on the
cash distributions paid by us to our shareholders and our ability to continue to
pay cash distributions in the future.

         Our primary source of recovery in the event of a loan default is the
real property underlying a defaulted loan and, therefore, the value of our loan
depends upon the value of the underlying real property. The value of the
underlying property is dependent on numerous factors outside of our control,
including national, regional and local business and economic conditions,
government economic policies, the level of interest rates and non-performance of
lease obligations by tenants occupying space at the underlying real property.
The loan to value ratio is the ratio of the amount of the loan, plus any senior
indebtedness, to the value of the real property underlying the loan as
determined by our own in-house procedures. The higher the loan to value ratio,
the greater the risk that the amount obtainable from a foreclosure or bankruptcy
sale may be insufficient to repay the loan in full upon default. The loan to
value ratio of certain of our loans exceeds 80%. In addition, we may find it
necessary to acquire the property at a foreclosure sale or bankruptcy auction,
in which event we assume the risks that may result from ownership of the
property.

If a significant number of our mortgage loans are in default or we otherwise
must write down our loans, a breach of our revolving credit facilities could
occur

         Our revolving credit facilities with North Fork Bank, Valley National
Bank, Merchants Bank Division and Signature Bank include financial covenants
that require us to maintain certain financial ratios, including a debt service
ratio and a debt to equity ratio. If a significant number of our mortgage loans
are in default or if a recessionary environment exists under which generally
accepted accounting principles require us to take provisions against our loans
or against our real estate assets, our financial position could be materially
adversely affected causing us to be in breach of the financial covenants.

         A breach by us of the covenants to maintain the financial ratios would
place us in default under our revolving credit facilities, and, if the banks
called a default and required us to repay the full amount outstanding under the
revolving credit facilities, we might be required to dispose of assets in a
rapid fashion, which could have an adverse impact on the amounts we would
receive on such disposition. If we are unable to dispose of assets in a timely
fashion to the satisfaction of the banks, the banks could foreclose on all, or
any portion of, our loan portfolio pledged to the banks as collateral, which
could result in the disposition of loans at below market values. The disposition
of loans at below our carrying value would adversely affect our net income,
reduce our net worth and adversely affect our ability to pay cash distributions
to our shareholders.

The inability of our borrowers to refinance or sell underlying real property may
lead to defaults on our loans

         A substantial majority of our mortgage portfolio is short term and due
within five years. In addition, our borrowers are required to pay all or
substantially all of the principal balance of our loans at maturity, in most
cases with little or no amortization of principal over the term of the loan.
Accordingly, in order to satisfy this obligation, at the maturity of a loan, a
borrower will be required to refinance or sell the property or otherwise raise a
substantial amount of cash. The ability to refinance or sell or otherwise raise
a substantial amount of cash is dependent upon certain factors which neither we
nor our borrowers control, such as national, local and regional business and
economic conditions, government economic policies and the level of interest
rates. If a borrower is unable to pay the balance due at maturity, and we are
not willing to extend or restructure the loan, in most cases we will be required
to foreclose on the property, which can be expensive and time consuming and
could adversely affect our net income, shareholders' equity and cash
distributions to shareholders.

A portion of our loans are subordinate loans which carry a greater risk of loss
than senior loans

         We also loan funds to our borrowers in the form of junior mortgage
loans or junior participations in mortgage loans. Because of their subordinate
position, junior liens carry a greater risk than senior liens, including a
substantially greater risk of non-payment of interest or principal. A decline in
real estate values in the region in which the underlying property is located
could adversely affect the value of our collateral, so that the outstanding
balance of senior liens may exceed the value of the underlying property.

         In the event of a default on a junior lien, if permitted, we may elect
to make payments to the senior mortgage holder in order to prevent foreclosure
of the senior lienholder. However, in certain situations, we may not have the
right to make payments to the senior lienholder, or may choose not to make such
payments despite having the right to do so. In such cases, the senior lienholder
may foreclose and we will be entitled to share in the proceeds of the
foreclosure sale only after amounts due to senior lienholders have been paid in
full. This can result in the loss of all or part of our investment, adversely
affecting our net income, shareholders' equity and cash distributions to our
shareholders.

We may suffer a loss if a borrower defaults on a loan that is secured by
undeveloped land

         We provide loans that are secured by undeveloped land. These loans are
subject to a higher risk of default because such properties generally are not
income-producing properties. Following a borrower's default, we may experience
delays in enforcing our rights as a lender and may incur costs in protecting our
investment. In addition, the market value of such properties may be volatile.
Consequently, in the event of a default and foreclosure, we may not be able to
sell such a property for an amount equal to our investment or at all. As a
result, we may lose all or part of our investment, adversely affecting our net
income, shareholders' equity and cash distributions to our shareholders.

We may suffer a loss if a borrower defaults on a loan that is not secured by
underlying real estate

         We occasionally provide loans that are secured by equity interests in
the borrowing entities. These loans are subject to the risk that other lenders
may be directly secured by the real estate assets of the borrower. In the event
of a default and foreclosure or bankruptcy sale, those secured lenders would
have priority over us with respect to the proceeds of a sale of the underlying
real estate. As a result, we may lose all or part of our investment, adversely
affecting our net income, shareholders' equity and cash distributions to our
shareholders.

We are subject to the risks associated with loan participations, such as lack of
full control rights

         Some of our investments are participating interests in loans in which
we share the rights, obligations and benefits of the loan with other
participating lenders. We may need the consent of these parties to exercise our
rights under such loans, including rights with respect to amendment of loan
documentation, enforcement proceeding and the institution of, and control over,
foreclosure proceedings. In addition, to the extent our participation represents
a minority interest, a majority of the participants may be able to take actions
which are not consistent with our objectives.

We may have less control of our investment when we invest in joint ventures

         We have made loans to, and acquired equity interests in, joint ventures
that own income producing real property. Our co-venturers may have different
interests or goals than we do or our co-venturers may not be able or willing to
take an action that is desired by us. A disagreement with respect to the
activities of the joint venture could result in a substantial diversion of time
and effort by our management and could result in our exercise, or one of our
co-venturers exercise, of the buy/sell provision typically contained in our
joint venture organizational documents. In addition, there is no limitation
under our charter documents as to the amount of funds that we may invest in
joint ventures. Accordingly, we may invest a substantial amount of our funds in
joint ventures which ultimately may not be profitable.

Our allowance for loan losses may not be adequate to cover actual losses

         A significant source of risk arises from the possibility that losses
could be sustained because borrowers, guarantors and related parties may fail to
perform in accordance with the terms of their loans. We maintain an allowance
for loan losses to manage the risk associated with loan defaults and
non-performance by assessing the likelihood of non-performance, tracking loan
performance and diversifying our portfolio. However, unexpected losses may occur
that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows. Unexpected losses may arise from a wide
variety of specific or systemic factors, many of which are beyond our ability to
predict, influence or control.

         The allowance for loan losses reflects our estimate of the probable
losses in our loan portfolio at the relevant balance sheet date. Our allowance
for loan losses is based on prior experience, as well as an evaluation of the
known risks in the current portfolio and economic factors. The determination of
an appropriate level of loan loss allowance is an inherently difficult process
and is based on numerous assumptions. The amount of future losses is susceptible
to changes in economic, operating and other conditions, including changes in
interest rates, that may be beyond our control and these losses may exceed
current estimates. Our allowance for loan losses may not be adequate to cover
actual loan losses, and future provisions for loan losses could materially and
adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and
cash flows.

We are exposed to risk of environmental liabilities with respect to properties
to which we take title

         In the course of our business, we may foreclose and take title to real
estate, and could be subject to environmental liabilities with respect to these
properties. We may be held liable to governmental entities or to third parties
for property damage, personal injury, investigation and clean-up costs incurred
by these parties in connection with environmental contamination, or may be
required to investigate or clean up hazardous or toxic substances, or chemical
releases at a property. The costs associated with investigation or remediation
activities could be substantial. In addition, as the owner or former owner of a
contaminated site, we may be subject to common law claims by third parties based
on damages and costs resulting from environmental contamination associated with
the property. If we become subject to significant environmental liabilities, our
business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be
materially adversely affected.

The geographic concentration of our portfolio may make our revenues and the
value of our portfolio vulnerable to adverse changes in local economic
conditions

         A substantial amount of our outstanding loans are secured by properties
located in the New York metropolitan area, including New Jersey and Connecticut,
and in Florida, although we originate and hold for investment loans secured by
real property located anywhere in the United States and Puerto Rico. A lack of
geographical diversification may make our mortgage portfolio more sensitive to
local or regional economic conditions, which may result in higher default rates
than might be incurred if our portfolio were more geographically diverse.

We face intense competition in acquiring desirable mortgage investments

         We encounter significant competition from other mortgage REITs,
commercial banks, savings and loan associations, specialty finance companies,
conduits, pension funds, public and private lending companies and mortgage
bankers. Many of our competitors are larger than us, may have greater access to
capital and other resources and may have other advantages over us in providing
certain services to borrowers. Competition may result in higher prices for
mortgage assets, lower yields and a narrower spread of yields over borrowing
costs. In addition, an increase in funds available to lenders, or a decrease in
borrowing activity, may increase competition for making loans and may result in
loans available to us having a greater risk.

Our revenues and the value of our portfolio are affected by a number of factors
that affect investments in real estate generally

         We are subject to the general risks of the real estate market. These
include adverse changes in general and local economic conditions, demographics,
retailing trends and traffic patterns, competitive overbuilding, casualty losses
and other factors beyond our control. The value of the collateral underlying our
loans, as well as the real estate owned by us and by joint ventures in which we
are an equity participant, also may be negatively affected by factors such as
the cost of complying with environmental regulations and liability under
applicable environmental laws, interest rate changes and the availability of
financing. Income from a commercial or multifamily residential property will
also be adversely affected if a significant number of tenants are unable to pay
rent, if tenants terminate or cancel leases or if available space cannot be
rented on favorable terms. Operating and other expenses of properties,
particularly significant expenses such as real estate taxes, maintenance costs
and casualty and liability insurance costs, generally do not decrease when
income decreases and even if revenues increase, operating and other expenses may
increase faster than revenues.

Changes in interest rates may harm our results of operations

         Our results of operations are likely to be harmed during any period of
unexpected or rapid changes in interest rates. A substantial or sustained
increase in interest rates could harm our ability to originate mortgage loans or
acquire participations in mortgage loans. Interest rate fluctuations may also
harm our earnings by causing an increase in mortgage prepayments or by changing
the spread between the interest rates on our borrowings and the interest rates
on our mortgage assets.

Our revenues and the value of our portfolio may be negatively affected by
casualty events occurring on properties securing our loans

         We require our borrowers to obtain, for our benefit, comprehensive
insurance covering the property and any improvements to the property
collateralizing our loan in an amount intended to be sufficient to provide for
the costs of replacement in the event of casualty. In addition, joint ventures
in which we are an equity participant carry comprehensive insurance covering the
property and any improvements to the property owned by the joint venture for the
costs of replacement in the event of a casualty. Further, we carry insurance for
such purpose on properties owned by us. However, the amount of insurance
coverage maintained for any property may not be sufficient to pay the full
replacement cost following a casualty event. In addition, the rent loss coverage
under a policy may not extend for the full period of time that a tenant may be
entitled to a rent abatement that is a result of, or that may be required to
complete restoration following, a casualty event. Moreover, there are certain
types of losses, such as those arising from earthquakes, floods, hurricanes and
terrorist attacks, that may be uninsurable or that may not be economically
insurable. Changes in zoning, building codes and ordinances, environmental
considerations and other factors may make it impossible for our borrower, a
joint venture or us, as the case may be, to use insurance proceeds to replace
damaged or destroyed improvements at a property. If any of these or similar
events occur, the amount of coverage may not be sufficient to replace a damaged
or destroyed property and/or to repay in full the amount due on all loans
collateralized by such property. As a result, our returns and the value of our
investment may be reduced.

Senior management and other key personnel are critical to our business and our
future success may depend on our ability to retain them

         We depend on the services of Fredric H. Gould, chairman of our board of
trustees, Jeffrey A. Gould, our president and chief executive officer, and other
members of our senior management to carry out business and investment
strategies. In addition to Jeffrey A. Gould, only three other executive
officers, our vice presidents, David Heiden and Mitchell Gould, and our vice
president and chief financial officer, George Zweier, devote substantially all
of their business time to our company. The remainder of our executive management
personnel share their services on a part-time basis with entities affiliated
with us and located in the same executive offices. In addition, Jeffrey A. Gould
devotes a limited amount of his business time to entities affiliated with us. As
we grow our business, we will need to attract and retain qualified senior
management and other key personnel, both on a full-time and part-time basis. The
loss of the services of any of our senior management or other key personnel or
our inability to recruit and retain qualified personnel in the future, could
impair our ability to carry out our business and our investment strategies. We
do not carry key man life insurance on members of our senior management.

Our transactions with affiliated entities involve conflicts of interest

         Entities affiliated with us and with certain of our officers provide
services to us and on our behalf and we intend to continue the relationships
with such entities in the future. Although our policy is to ensure that we
receive terms in transactions with affiliates that are at least as favorable as
those that we would receive if the transactions were entered into with
unaffiliated entities, these transactions raise the potential that we may not
receive terms as favorable as those that we would receive if the transactions
were entered into with unaffiliated entities.

We will be adversely affected by a decrease in the market value of, or cash
distributions paid on, shares of Entertainment Properties Trust

         The closing market value of the shares of EPR owned by us at September
30, 2005 and November 30, 2005 were $45.1 million and $43.2 million,
respectively, while our cost basis was $13.3 million. At September 30, 2005, our
balance sheet reflects as an asset $48.5 million of available-for-sale
securities, of which $45.1 million represents the market value of the shares of
EPR owned by us on September 30, 2005 and $31.8 million, or 22% of our
shareholders' equity, represents the difference between our cost basis for such
shares and the market value for such shares. We have no business relationship,
affiliation with or influence over the business or operations of EPR. Any
substantial decrease in the market value of EPR shares, whether resulting from
activities of EPR, its management, market forces or otherwise, could result in a
material decrease in our total assets and our shareholders' equity.

         Our ownership of shares of EPR resulted in the receipt by us for the
fiscal year ended September 30, 2005 of cash dividends of $2.5 million. In the
fiscal year ended September 30, 2005, we sold 23,900 EPR shares for a gain of
$729,000. If there is a decrease in the EPR dividend for any reason, it could
reduce the amount of cash distributions available for our shareholders. In
addition, if the stock price of EPR were to decline, our profit from the sale of
these shares would decline or could be eliminated.

         We have established two margin lines of credit collateralized primarily
by the EPR shares owned by us. At September 30, 2005, $24.2 million was
available under these margin lines of credit, of which $21.9 million was
outstanding, and at November 30, 2005, $23.3 million was available under these
margin lines of credit, of which $20.3 million was outstanding. When we have
amounts outstanding under these margin lines of credit, a significant decrease
in the value of the EPR shares could result in a margin call and, if cash is not
available from other sources, a sale of EPR shares may be required at a time
when we would prefer not to sell EPR shares, resulting in the possibility that
such shares could be sold at a loss.


Risks Related to the REIT Industry

Failure to qualify as a REIT would result in material adverse tax consequences
and would significantly reduce cash available for distributions

         We believe that we operate so as to qualify as a REIT under the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, also known as the Code. Qualification
as a REIT involves the application of technical and complex legal provisions for
which there are limited judicial and administrative interpretations. The
determination of various factual matters and circumstances not entirely within
our control may affect our ability to qualify as a REIT. In addition, no
assurance can be given that legislation, new regulations, administrative
interpretations or court decisions will not significantly change the tax laws
with respect to qualification as a REIT or the Federal income tax consequences
of such qualification. If we fail to qualify as a REIT, we will be subject to
Federal, state and local income tax (including any applicable alternative
minimum tax) on our taxable income at regular corporate rates and would not be
allowed a deduction in computing our taxable income for amounts distributed to
shareholders. In addition, unless entitled to relief under certain statutory
provisions, we would be disqualified from treatment as a REIT for the four
taxable years following the year during which qualification is lost. The
additional tax would reduce significantly our net income and the cash available
for distributions to shareholders.

We are subject to certain distribution requirements that may result in our
having to borrow funds at unfavorable rates

         To obtain the favorable tax treatment associated with being a REIT, we
are required, among other things, to distribute to our shareholders at least 90%
of our ordinary taxable income (subject to certain adjustments) each year. To
the extent that we satisfy the distribution requirement, but distribute less
than 100% of our taxable income, we will be subject to Federal corporate income
tax on our undistributed taxable income. In addition, we will be subject to a 4%
nondeductible excise tax on the amount, if any, by which certain distributions
paid by us with respect to any calendar year are less than the sum of 85% of our
ordinary income, 95% of our capital gain net income and 100% of our
undistributed income from prior years.

         As a result of differences in timing between the receipt of income and
the payment of expenses, and the inclusion of such income and the deduction of
such expenses in arriving at taxable income, and the effect of nondeductible
capital expenditures, the creation of reserves and the timing of required debt
service (including amortization) payments, we may need to borrow funds on a
short-term basis in order to make the distributions to our shareholders
necessary to retain the tax benefits associated with qualifying as a REIT, even
if we believe that then prevailing market conditions are not generally favorable
for such borrowings. Such borrowings could reduce our net income and the cash
available for distributions to holders of our shares.

Compliance with REIT requirements may hinder our ability to maximize profits

         In order to qualify as a REIT for Federal income tax purposes, we must
continually satisfy tests concerning among other things, our sources of income,
the amounts we distribute to our shareholders and the ownership of securities.
We may also be required to make distributions to shareholders at disadvantageous
times or when we do not have funds readily available for distribution.
Accordingly, compliance with REIT requirements may hinder our ability to operate
solely on the basis of maximizing profits.

         In order to qualify as a REIT, we must also ensure that at the end of
each calendar quarter at least 75% of the value of our assets consists of cash,
cash items, government securities and qualified REIT real estate assets. The
remainder of our investment in securities cannot include more than 10% of the
outstanding voting securities of any one issuer or more than 10% of the total
value of the outstanding securities of such issuer. In addition, no more than 5%
of the value of our assets can consist of the securities of any one issuer,
other than a qualified REIT security. If we fail to comply with these
requirements, we must dispose of the portion of our assets in excess of such
amounts within 30 days after the end of the calendar quarter in order to avoid
losing our REIT status and suffering adverse tax consequences. This requirement
could cause us to dispose of assets for consideration of less than their true
value and could lead to a material adverse impact on our results of operations
and financial condition.

Item 1B.  Unresolved Staff Comments

         None.

Forward-Looking Statements

         This Annual Report on Form 10-K, together with other statements and
information publicly disseminated by us contains certain-forward looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. We
intend such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor
provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and include this statement for purposes of
complying with these safe harbor provisions. Forward-looking statements, which
are based on certain beliefs and assumptions and describe our future plans,
strategies and expectations, are generally identifiable by use of words such as
"may," "will," "will likely result," "shall," "believe," "expect," "intend,"
"anticipate," "estimate," "project" or similar expressions or variations
thereof. You should not rely on forward-looking statements since they involve
known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which are, in some
cases, beyond our control and which could materially affect actual results,
performance or achievements. We do not intend to update our forward looking
statements. Factors which may cause actual results to differ materially from
current expectations include, but are not limited to:

o        defaults by borrowers in paying debt service on outstanding loans;
o        an inability to originate loans on favorable terms;
o        increased competition from entities engaged in mortgage lending;
o        general economic and business conditions;
o        general and local real estate conditions;
o        changes in Federal, state and local governmental laws and regulations;
o        an inability to retain our REIT qualification; and
o        the availability of and costs associated with sources of liquidity.

Accordingly, there can be no assurance that our expectations will be realized.


<PAGE>


                        EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF REGISTRANT

         Set forth below is a list of our executive officers. The business
history of officers who are also Trustees will be provided in our proxy
statement to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A not later than January 30,
2006.

            Name                                 Office
            ----                                 ------
      Fredric H. Gould*           Chairman of the Board of Trustees

      Jeffrey A. Gould*           President and Chief Executive Officer; Trustee

      Matthew J. Gould*           Senior Vice President; Trustee

      Simeon Brinberg**           Senior Vice President; Secretary

      David W. Kalish             Senior Vice President, Finance

      Israel Rosenzweig           Senior Vice President

      Mark H. Lundy**             Senior Vice President

      George E. Zweier            Vice President, Chief Financial Officer

      Seth D. Kobay               Vice President; Treasurer

      David Heiden                Vice President

      Mitchell K. Gould           Vice President

*     Fredric H. Gould is the father of Jeffrey A. and Matthew J. Gould.
**    Simeon Brinberg is Mark H. Lundy's father-in-law.

     Simeon  Brinberg  (age 71) has been our  Secretary  since 1983 and a Senior
Vice President  since 1988. Mr. Brinberg has been a Vice President of Georgetown
Partners,  Inc., the managing  general partner of Gould  Investors  L.P.,  since
October 1988.  Gould  Investors  L.P. is primarily  engaged in the ownership and
operation of real estate  properties held for  investment.  Since June 1989, Mr.
Brinberg  has been a Vice  President  of One Liberty  Properties,  Inc.,  a REIT
engaged in the ownership of income  producing real properties  leased to tenants
under long term  leases.  Mr.  Brinberg  is a member of the New York Bar and was
engaged in the private practice of law for approximately 30 years prior to 1988.

     David W. Kalish (age 58) has been our Senior Vice President,  Finance since
August 1998. Mr. Kalish was our Vice President and Chief Financial  Officer from
June 1990 until August  1998.  He has also been Chief  Financial  Officer of One
Liberty Properties, Inc. and Georgetown Partners, Inc. since June 1990. For more
than five years prior to June 1990, Mr. Kalish, a certified  public  accountant,
was a partner of Buchbinder Tunick & Company and its predecessors.

     Israel  Rosenzweig  (age 58) has been a Senior Vice  President  since April
1998.  Mr.  Rosenzweig has been a Vice  President of Georgetown  Partners,  Inc.
since May 1997 and since 2000 he has been  President  of GP Partners,  Inc.,  an
affiliate  of Gould  Investors  L.P.,  which is  engaged in  providing  advisory
services in the real estate and financial  services  industries to an investment
advisor.  He also has been a Senior Vice  President  of One Liberty  Properties,
Inc. since May 1997.

     Mark H. Lundy (age 43) has been a Senior  Vice  President  since March 2005
and, prior to that,  was a Vice President  since 1993. He has been the Secretary
of One Liberty  Properties,  Inc. since June 1993 and he also serves as a Senior
Vice  President  of One  Liberty  Properties,  Inc.  Mr.  Lundy  has been a Vice
President of Georgetown  Partners,  Inc.  since July 1990. He is a member of the
bars of New York and Washington, D.C.

         George E. Zweier (age 41) has been employed by us since June 1998 and
was elected Vice President, Chief Financial Officer in August 1998. For
approximately five years prior to joining us, Mr. Zweier, a certified public
accountant, was an accounting officer with the Bank of Tokyo--Mitsubishi Limited
in its New York office.

         Seth D. Kobay (age 50) has been a Vice President and our Treasurer
since March 1994. In addition, Mr. Kobay, a certified public accountant, has
been the Vice President of Operations of Georgetown Partners, Inc. for more than
the past five years and is a Vice President and Treasurer of One Liberty
Properties, Inc.

         David Heiden (age 39) has been employed by us since April 1998 and has
been a Vice President since March 1999. From May 1997 until April 1998, Mr.
Heiden was an associate at GMAC Commercial Mortgage engaged in originating and
underwriting commercial real estate loans for securitization. He is a licensed
real estate appraiser and real estate broker.

         Mitchell K. Gould (age 32) has been employed by us since May 1998 and
has been a Vice President since March 1999. From January 1998 until May 1998,
Mr. Gould was employed by Bear Stearns Companies, Inc. where he was engaged in
originating and underwriting commercial real estate loans for securitization.



Item 2.  Properties.
         ----------

     Our executive  offices are located at 60 Cutter Mill Road,  Great Neck, New
York,  where we currently  occupy  approximately  12,000  square feet with Gould
Investors L.P., REIT Management  Corp., One Liberty  Properties,  Inc. and other
related  entities.  The building in which our  executive  offices are located is
owned by a subsidiary  of Gould  Investors  L.P. We  contributed  $49,000 to the
annual rent of $383,000 paid by Gould Investors L.P., REIT Management Corp., One
Liberty  Properties,  Inc., and related entities in the year ended September 30,
2005. We also lease,  under a direct lease with a subsidiary of Gould  Investors
L.P.,  an additional  1,800 square feet  directly  adjacent to the 12,000 square
feet at an annual rental of $54,000.

         At September 30, 2005, we did not own any real property with a book
value equal to or greater than 10% of our total assets. It has been our policy
to operate, with a view toward eventual sale, all real estate assets acquired by
us in foreclosure or deed in lieu of foreclosure. During the year ended
September 30, 2005, we sold a shopping center located in Wyoming for a gain on
sale of $1.6 million.

Item 3.  Legal Proceedings.
         -----------------

         We are not a defendant in any material pending legal proceedings nor,
to our knowledge, is any material litigation threatened against us, other than
routine litigation arising in the ordinary course of business, which
collectively are not expected to have a material affect on our business,
financial condition or results of operation.

Item 4.  Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.
         ---------------------------------------------------

         There were no matters submitted to a vote of our security holders
during the fourth quarter of the year ended September 30, 2005.

                                     PART II

Item 5.  Market for the Registrant's Common Equity and Related Stockholder
         -----------------------------------------------------------------
 Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.
         ------------------------------------------

         Our common shares of beneficial interest, or Beneficial Shares, are
listed on the New York Stock Exchange, or the NYSE. The following table shows
for the periods indicated, the high and low sales prices of the Beneficial
Shares on the NYSE as reported on the Composite Tape and the per share dividend
paid for the periods indicated:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                                                                                Dividend
         Fiscal Year Ended September 30,                     High              Low              Per Share
         ------------------------------                      ----              ---              ---------
         <S>                                                <C>               <C>                 <C>
         2005

         First Quarter                                      $25.10            $21.05               $.48
         Second Quarter                                      24.60             20.70                .48
         Third Quarter                                       24.46             20.75                .50
         Fourth Quarter                                      24.25             22.01                .50


         2004

         First Quarter                                      $29.02            $19.05               $.38
         Second Quarter                                      29.35             20.00                .45
         Third Quarter                                       24.25             19.00                .48
         Fourth Quarter                                      22.38             19.45                .48

</TABLE>

         As of December 7, 2005, there were approximately 965 holders of record
of our Beneficial Shares and approximately 3,940 shareholders.

         We qualify as a REIT for Federal income tax purposes. In order to
maintain that status, we are required to distribute to our shareholders at least
90% of our annual ordinary taxable income. The amount and timing of future cash
distributions will be at the discretion of our Board of Trustees and will depend
upon our financial condition, earnings, business plan, cash flow and other
factors. Provided we are not in default of the affirmative and negative
covenants contained in our revolving credit facilities with North Fork Bank,
Valley National Bank, Merchants Bank Division and Signature Bank, the credit
facilities do not preclude the payment by us of the cash distributions necessary
to maintain our status as a REIT for Federal income tax purposes.
<PAGE>

Equity Compensation Plan Information

         The table below provides information as of September 30, 2005 with
respect to our Beneficial Shares that may be issued under the BRT Realty Trust
1996 Stock Option Plan and the BRT Realty Trust 2003 Incentive Plan:



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                 Number of
                                                                                                 securities
                                                                                                 remaining
                                                                                               available-for
                                                Number of                                          future
                                               securities                                      issuance under
                                              to be issued               Weighted-                 equity
                                              upon exercise               average               compensation
                                             of outstanding           exercise price          plans - excluding
                                                options,              of outstanding             securities
                                              warrants and           options, warrants          reflected in
                                                 rights                 and rights               column (a)
                                                   (a)                      (b)                     (c)


<S>                                              <C>                         <C>                   <C>

Equity compensation
plans approved by
security holders                                 83,186                      $8.61                 261,940

Equity compensation
plans not approved
by security holders                                   -                          -                       -
                                                 ------                      -----                 -------
                                                 83,186                      $8.61                 261,940
Total

</TABLE>

<PAGE>


Item 6.  Selected Financial Information

         The following table, not covered by the report of the independent
registered public accounting firm, sets forth selected historical financial data
for each of the fiscal periods in the five years ended September 30, 2005. This
table should be read in conjunction with the detailed information and financial
statements appearing elsewhere herein.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                      Fiscal Years Ended
                                                                         September 30,
                                            ------------------------------------------------------------------


                                              2005              2004          2003            2002         2001
                                              ----              ----          ----            ----         ----
                                                       (In thousands, except for per share amounts)

<S>                                          <C>             <C>            <C>             <C>           <C>

Operating statement data:
Total revenues                               $25,715         $17,661        $13,891         $16,498       $13,087
Total expenses                                12,336           9,114          5,862           5,639         5,627
Income from continuing operations             14,304          10,347         12,797          11,392         8,359
Discontinued operations                        1,910           1,655            886           1,194         2,227
Net income (1)                                16,214          12,002         13,683          12,586        10,586

Income per
 beneficial share: (1)
Income from continuing operations              $1.84           $1.36          $1.71           $1.55         $1.16
Discontinued operations                          .25             .22            .12             .16           .31
                                               -----           -----          -----           -----         -----
   Basic earnings per share                    $2.09           $1.58          $1.83           $1.71         $1.47

Income from continuing operations              $1.83           $1.34          $1.68           $1.52         $1.15
Discontinued operations                         .25              .21            .12             .16           .30
                                               -----           -----          -----           -----         -----
   Diluted earnings per share                  $2.08           $1.55          $1.80           $1.68         $1.45
Cash distribution per
 common share                                  $1.96           $1.79          $1.30           $1.04         $ .44

Balance sheet data:
Total assets                                 266,198         198,005        139,002         134,931       110,016
Earning real
 estate loans (2)                            192,012         132,229         63,733          84,112        67,513
Non-earning real
 estate loans (2)                              1,617           3,096          3,145             415           415
Real estate assets                            14,830          13,680         13,066          13,204        13,383
Available-for-sale securities
 at market                                    48,453          41,491         36,354          31,178        24,030
Borrowed funds                               110,932          53,862          4,755          14,745         2,101
Loans and mortgages
    payable                                    2,542           2,609          2,680           2,745         2,804
Shareholders' equity                         142,655         132,063        125,932         114,291       101,872

(1)      Includes $680,000, $1,641,000 and $4,332,000, or $.09, $.21 and $.57
         per share on a diluted basis, for the fiscal years ended September 30,
         2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively, from gain on sale of
         available-for-sale-securities. There were no gains from the sale of
         available-for-sale securities in 2002 or 2001.

(2)      Earning and non-earning loans and are presented without deduction of
         the related allowance for possible losses.

</TABLE>


<PAGE>


Item 7.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
         of Operations

Results of Operations

General

         Our primary business operations involve the origination and holding for
investment and servicing of mortgage loans. Our profitability in any year is
most affected by the principal amount of loans originated, the type of loans
originated and the payoff and pay down of outstanding mortgage loans during such
year. These factors determine, to a significant extent, the interest income and
fee income earned during such year. We cannot project the principal amount or
type of loans which will be originated in any year or those loan applications
submitted to us which will be approved by our loan committee or Board of
Trustees, as the case may be. Due to the short term nature of our loan portfolio
and our "no prepayment penalty" policy, we cannot project the rate of payoffs or
paydowns against our loan portfolio in any year. As noted in the discussion
below, both the 2005 fiscal year and the 2004 fiscal year reflect an increase in
interest and fee income compared to the preceding fiscal year. The primary
reason for these increases is the significant increase in loan originations.

         We cannot project nor have we ascertained any trends in our business
other than that our loan originations have been more national in scope and our
loan applications and loan originations have been for larger principal amounts.
Both of these factors we attribute to the increase in our marketing activities.

2005 vs. 2004

         Interest and fees on loans increased to $21,549,000 for the year ended
September 30, 2005, as compared to $13,913,000 for the year ended September 30,
2004, an increase of $7,636,000, or 55%. During the current fiscal year, we
experienced an increase in the volume of loan originations that caused the
average balance of loans outstanding to increase to $145,700,000 in the current
fiscal year from $107,300,000 in the prior fiscal year. This resulted in an
increase in interest income of $4,636,000. Increases in the prime rate of
interest have caused the interest rate earned on our portfolio to increase from
10.87% to 12.63%, resulting in a $2,095,000 increase in interest income. We
recognized an increase of $946,000 in fee income in 2005, which is consistent
with the increased loan volume and an acceleration of amortization from the
prepayment of loans. We also realized an increase in interest income of $420,000
resulting from the collection of interest in excess of the stated rate on a loan
that went into default the previous fiscal year but was paid in full in the
current fiscal year. Offsetting these increases was a decline in interest income
of $461,000 due to the receipt, in the prior year, of interest in excess of the
stated rate on four loans that went into default during the prior year and
subsequently returned to performing status.

         Operating income from real estate properties declined by $165,000, or
12%, to $1,207,000 in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2005 from $1,372,000
in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2004. This decline is due to the write
off of $370,000 of straight line rent related to a retail tenant that filed for
bankruptcy in October 2005, offset by rental income derived from a multi-family
property that was acquired in foreclosure during the current fiscal year.

         Other income, primarily investment income, increased by $583,000, or
25% from $2,376,000 in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2004 to $2,959,000 in
the fiscal year ended September 30, 2005. This increase was partially the result
of a 14% increase in the dividend paid on the EPR shares from $2.1875 per share
to $2.50 per share. During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2005, we also
recognized $365,000 of income from the payoff of a loan, a portion of which was
written off in a prior year.

         Interest expense on borrowed funds increased to $4,324,000 in the
fiscal year ended September 30, 2005 from $1,408,000 in the fiscal year ended
September 30, 2004. This increase of $2,916,000, or 207%, is due to an increase
in the average balance of borrowed funds outstanding to fund increased loan
originations, which increased by $38.1 million, from $28.1 million in the prior
fiscal year to $66.2 million in the current fiscal year. This caused an increase
in interest expense of $2,550,000. An increase in the average rate paid on
borrowings from 4.93% to 6.44% caused $366,000 of the increase in interest
expense. The average interest rate includes the amortization of deferred
borrowing costs and a .3% fee, based on the value of the assets in the margin
account, to maintain the margin account.

         The advisor's fee paid to REIT Management Corp., which is calculated
pursuant to the Advisory Agreement, and is based on invested assets, increased
$418,000, or 29%, in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2005 to $1,862,000 from
$1,444,000 in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2004. The increase is a result
of a larger outstanding balance of invested assets, primarily loans, in the
current fiscal year, thereby causing an increase in the fee.

         General and administrative expenses increased to $4,398,000 in the
fiscal year ended September 30, 2005 from $3,828,000 in the fiscal year ended
September 30, 2004. This increase of $570,000, or 15%, was the result of several
factors. Payroll and payroll related expenses increased by $389,000, as a result
of staff additions, increased commissions paid to loan originators and
restricted stock amortization. Accounting expenses increased by $325,000, a
result of Sarbanes-Oxley compliance activities. These increases were offset by a
$209,000 decline in legal expenses that resulted from a decline in foreclosure
related activities and the expensing in the prior year of legal costs associated
with the organization of a "de novo" bank that we did not pursue. The remaining
increase in expense of $65,000 was due to higher operating expenses in several
categories, none of which was significant.

         Other taxes decreased by $63,000, or 13%, to $417,000 for the fiscal
year ended September 30, 2005 from $480,000 in the fiscal year ended September
30, 2004. The decrease is the result of a decline of $172,000 in federal and
state income taxes. In the prior fiscal year we were liable for federal and
state income taxes on earnings that were not distributed to shareholders. This
was offset by a $109,000 increase in the current fiscal year federal excise tax
recorded. The federal excise tax is based on taxable income during the current
fiscal year not distributed.

         Operating expenses relating to real estate declined by $669,000, or
37%, from $1,809,000 in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2004 to $1,140,000
in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2005. In the prior fiscal year, we
incurred legal and other professional expenses of $945,000 in connection with a
litigation related to a property that was sold in 1997. This litigation was
resolved in June 2004. In the current year, we also refinanced the mortgage on
an existing leasehold interest resulting in a reduction of interest expense of
$62,000. Offsetting these declines was an increase in operating expenses,
primarily related to a property located in Charlotte, North Carolina that was
acquired in foreclosure in the current fiscal year.

         Amortization and depreciation increased to $195,000 for the year ended
September 30, 2005 from $145,000 in the year ended September 30, 2004, an
increase of $50,000, or 34%. The increase relates to the Charlotte, North
Carolina property.

         Equity in earnings of unconsolidated joint ventures increased by
$55,000, or 27%, from $202,000 in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2004 to
$257,000 in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2005. This increase resulted
from the sale of three cooperative units at one of our joint ventures, offset by
a decline in rental income related to a property located in Dover, Delaware,
where, upon a lease renewal, a major tenant reduced the amount of space it
occupies.

         Gain on sale of available-for-sale securities declined $961,000, or
59%, from $1,641,000 in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2004 to $680,000 in
the fiscal year ended September 30, 2005. In the current fiscal year, we sold
23,900 shares of EPR and other miscellaneous securities which resulted in net
proceeds of $1,059,000 and had a cost basis of $379,000. In the prior fiscal
year, we sold 61,300 shares of EPR and 58,550 shares of Atlantic Liberty which
resulted in net proceeds of $3,384,000 and had a cost basis of $1,743,000.

         For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2005, gain on sale of real
estate assets, which is included in discontinued operations, increased to
$1,569,000 from $1,261,000 in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2004. In the
current fiscal year, the gain resulted from the sale of a shopping center
located in Wyoming. In the prior fiscal year, the gain was the result of the
sale of one condominium and four cooperative apartment units.

2004 vs. 2003

         Interest and fees on loans increased to $13,913,000 for the year ended
September 30, 2004, as compared to $9,813,000 for the year ended September 30,
2003, an increase of $4,100,000 or 42%. During the 2004 fiscal year we
experienced an increase in the volume of loan originations that caused the
average balance of loans outstanding to increase to $107,300,000 in the 2004
fiscal year from $ 67,145,000. This resulted in an increase in interest income
of $4,410,000. Also contributing to an increase in interest income was the
receipt of $ 461,000 of interest in excess of the stated rate on four loans that
went into default during the year but have since been returned to performing.
Offsetting these increases was a decline in the interest rate earned on the
portfolio. The average rate earned on the loan portfolio declined 95 basis
points from 11.82% in the prior fiscal year to 10.87% in the current fiscal
year. This resulted in a $680,000 decline in interest income. Also, in the prior
fiscal year, we recognized $105,000 of interest income on the payoff of a loan
that was previously recorded as non performing. We recognized an increase of $
300,000 in fee income in 2004, which is consistent with the increased loan
volume experienced during the period. However this increase was offset by the
collection of $286,000 in fees in the prior fiscal year that were due upon the
payoff of two loans.

         Other income, primarily investment income, declined $291,000, or 11%,
from $2,667,000 in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2003 to $ 2,376,000 in
the fiscal year ended September 30, 2004. During the first half of the current
fiscal year and the last half of the prior fiscal year, we sold shares of EPR
and various other securities which resulted in a decline of $405,000 of dividend
income. Offsetting this decline was an 11% increase, from $1.975 to $2.1875, in
the dividend paid on our remaining shares of EPR which accounted for an increase
of $224,000. The remaining $110,000 decline in investment income was the result
of the sale of miscellaneous securities and reduction in the amount of funds
available for investment.

         Interest expense on borrowed funds increased to $1,408,000 in the
fiscal year ended September 30, 2004 from $302,000 in the fiscal year ended
September 30, 2003. This increase of $1,106,000, or 366%, is due to an increase
in the average balance of borrowed funds outstanding, which increased $
24,453,000 from $3,670,000 in the prior fiscal year to $28,123,000 in the
current fiscal year. This caused an increase in interest expense of $1,203,000.
This increase was offset by a decline in the average rate paid on borrowings
from 8.11% to 4.93%. The average interest rate includes a .3% fee to maintain a
margin account secured by the shares we own in EPR and is based on the value of
the assets in the account and the amortization of deferred borrowing costs.

         The Advisor's fee increased $ 569,000, or 65%, in the fiscal year ended
September 30, 2004 to $ 1,444,000 from $875,000 in the fiscal year ended
September 30, 2003. During the current fiscal year, we experienced a larger
outstanding balance of invested assets, primarily loans, thereby causing an
increase in the fee.

         General and administrative expenses increased to $ 3,828,000 in the
fiscal year ended September 30, 2004 from $3,063,000 in the fiscal year ended
September 30, 2003. This increase of $765,000, or 25%, was the result of several
factors. Payroll and payroll related expenses increased $417,000, as a result of
staff additions, increased commissions paid to loan originators and restricted
stock amortization. There was also a $98,000 increase in expenses allocated to
us, primarily legal and accounting expenses, pursuant to a Shared Services
Agreement among us and related entities. Legal expenses also increased $167,000
a result of three foreclosure actions that were pending and legal fees incurred
in connection with the organization of a "de novo" bank. We decided not to
pursue the banking activity. The remaining increase in expense of $83,000 was
due to higher operating expenses in several categories, none of which was
significant.

         Other taxes decreased $18,000, or 4%, to $480,000 for the fiscal year
ended September 30, 2004 from $498,000 in the fiscal year ended September 30,
2003. The decrease is the result of a $90,000 reduction in the amount of excise
tax recorded. During the current year we increased the dividend paid to
shareholders. By paying to our shareholders more of our earnings within the
prescribed time frame, we reduced0
the excise tax payment. The excise tax is based on taxable income that has been
generated but not yet distributed. This was offset by the payment of $116,000 in
Federal income taxes in the current fiscal year on earnings that were not
distributed to shareholders. The remaining decline of $ 44,000 is due to a
reduction in the amount of state franchise taxes paid in the current fiscal
year.

         Operating expenses relating to real estate increased $857,000, or 90%,
from $952,000 in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2003 to $1,809,000 in the
fiscal year ended September 30, 2004. The increase is the result of legal fees
and other expenses incurred in defending a lawsuit relating to a property
previously owned by us. This lawsuit was resolved in June 2004.

         Equity in earnings of unconsolidated joint ventures decreased $277,000,
or 58%, from $479,000 in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2003 to $202,000 in
the fiscal year ended September 30, 2004. This decrease resulted from the sale
in the prior year of a cooperative unit by one joint venture and the sale of a
parcel of vacant land by a second joint venture. There were no similar sales in
the current fiscal year.

         Gain on sale of available-for-sale securities declined $2,691,000, or
62%, from $4,332,000 in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2003 to $1,641,000
in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2004. In the current fiscal year we sold
58,550 shares of Atlantic Liberty Financial and 61,300 shares of EPR and other
miscellaneous securities which resulted in net proceeds of $3,384,000 and had a
cost basis of $1,743,000. In the prior fiscal year we sold 260,800 shares of EPR
and other miscellaneous securities which resulted in net proceeds of $ 8,047,000
and had a cost basis of $3,715,000.

         For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2004 gain on sale of real
estate assets, which is included in discontinued operations, increased to
$1,261,000 from $499,000 in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2003. In the
current fiscal year the gain resulted from the sale of one condominium and four
cooperative apartment units. In the prior fiscal year the gain was the result of
the sale of two cooperative apartment units.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

            We are primarily engaged in originating and holding for investment
senior and junior commercial mortgage loans secured by real property in the
United States. From time to time, we also participate as both an equity investor
in, and as a mortgage lender to, joint ventures which acquire income-producing
real property. Our focus is to originate loans secured by real property, which
generally have high yields and are short term or bridge loans, with an average
duration ranging from six months to three years. Repayments of real estate loans
in the amount of $172.0 million are due during the twelve months ending
September 30, 2006, including $1.6 million due on demand. The availability of
mortgage financing secured by real property and the market for buying and
selling real estate is cyclical. Since these are the principal sources for the
generation of funds by our borrowers to repay our outstanding real estate loans,
we cannot project the portion of loans maturing during the next twelve months
which will be paid or the portion of loans which will be extended for a fixed
term or on a month to month basis.

         We have two separate credit facilities with a group of banks consisting
of North Fork Bank, Valley National Bank, Merchants Bank Division and Signature
Bank to finance our real estate mortgage lending. Under the credit facilities,
North Fork Bank, Valley National Bank, Merchants Bank Division and Signature
Bank make available to us up to an aggregate of $102 million on a revolving
basis, of which $85 million matures, under one facility, on February 16, 2007
(with two one-year extensions available to us), and $17 million matures, under
the other facility, on February 1, 2006. The maximum amount which can be
outstanding under the credit facilities is the lesser of 65% of the first
mortgages pledged to the lending banks as collateral or $102 million. At
September 30, 2005, $102 million was available to be drawn based on the lending
formula under our credit facilities and $89 million was outstanding.

            We also have the ability to borrow under our margin lines of credit
maintained with national brokerage firms, secured by the common shares we own in
EPR and other investment securities. Under the terms of the margin lines of
credit, we may borrow up to an amount equal to 50% of the market value of the
shares we own. At September 30, 2005, $24.2 million was available under the
margin lines of credit, of which $21.9 million was outstanding. If the value of
the EPR shares (our principal securities investment) were to decline, the
available funds under the margin lines of credit might decline and we could be
required to repay a portion or all of the margin loans.

            During the twelve months ended September 30, 2005, we generated cash
of $14.2 million from operating activities, $160.3 million from collections from
real estate loans and $38.5 million from the sale of participations in loans
originated by us. These funds, in addition to cash on hand and funds borrowed
under our revolving credit facilities and our margin lines of credit, were used
primarily to fund real estate loan originations of $259.3 million, and to pay
cash distributions to shareholders in the amount of $15 million.

            We will satisfy our liquidity needs in the year ending September 30,
2006 from cash and cash investments on hand, the credit facilities with North
Fork Bank, Valley National Bank, Merchants Bank Division and Signature Bank, the
availability in our margin lines of credit, interest and principal payments
received on outstanding real estate loans, and net cash flow generated from the
operation and sale of real estate assets.

We have no off-balance sheet arrangements.



<PAGE>


Disclosure of Contractual Obligations

The following table sets forth as of September 30, 2005 our known contractual
obligations:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                 Payment due by Period
                                                           ------------------------------------
                                                            Less than         1-3              3-5        More than
                                             Total           1 Year          Years            Years        5 Years
                                             -----           ------          -----            -----        -------
<S>                                       <C>                <C>            <C>            <C>           <C>

Long-Term Debt Obligations                $2,542,000         $71,000        $156,000       $177,000      $2,138,000

Capital Lease Obligations                          -               -               -              -               -

Operating Lease Obligation                 1,103,000          58,000         116,000        116,000         812,000

Purchase Obligations                               -               -               -              -               -

Other Long-Term Liabilities
Reflected on Company
Balance Sheet Under GAAP                           -               -               -              -               -
                                          ----------        --------        --------       --------      ----------
Total                                     $3,645,000        $129,000        $272,000       $293,000      $2,950,000

</TABLE>

Outlook

         The real estate business is cyclical and to a large extent depends,
among other factors upon, national and local business and economic conditions,
government economic policies and the level and volatility of interest rates. A
difficult or declining real estate market in the New York metropolitan area, in
the state of Florida, or in other parts of the country and a recessionary
economy could potentially have the following adverse effects on our business:
(i) an increase in loan defaults which will result in decreased interest and
fees on our outstanding real estate loans; (ii) an increase in loan loss
reserves; (iii) an increase in expenses incurred in foreclosures and
restructurings; (iv) a decrease in loan originations; (v) a decrease in rental
income from properties owned by us or joint ventures in which we are a venture
participant; and (vi) an increase in operating expenses related to real estate
properties.

         A declining real estate market however could also provide us with
opportunities since, in a declining market, other lenders, particularly
institutional lenders, become more conservative in their lending activities. If
such a lending environment should occur, the amount of potential business for us
could increase.

         Since almost all of our loan portfolio provides for stated minimum or
fixed interest rates, an increase or decrease in interest rates should not have
a material adverse effect on our revenues and net income.

Cash Distribution Policy

            We have elected to be taxed as a REIT under the Code since our
organization. To qualify as a REIT, we must meet a number of organizational and
operational requirements, including a requirement that we distribute currently
to our shareholders at least 90% of our adjusted ordinary taxable income. It is
the current intention of our management to comply with these requirements and
maintain our REIT status. As a REIT, we generally will not be subject to
corporate Federal income tax on taxable income we distribute currently in
accordance with the Code and applicable regulations to shareholders. If we fail
to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, we will be subject to Federal income
taxes at regular corporate rates and may not be able to qualify as a REIT for
four subsequent tax years. Even if we qualify for Federal taxation as a REIT, we
may be subject to certain state and local taxes on our income and to Federal
income and excise taxes on undistributed taxable income, i.e., taxable income
not distributed in the amounts and in the time frames prescribed by the Code and
applicable regulations thereunder.

            For tax purposes, we report on a calendar year basis as
distinguished from financial reporting purposes for which we are on a September
30th fiscal year. We distributed substantially all of our taxable income for
calendar 2004 by October 2005. We estimate taxable income for calendar 2005 will
be $17.6 million, of which approximately $3.4 million is expected to represent
capital gain income. To comply with the time frames prescribed by the Code and
the applicable regulations thereunder, at least 90% of the calendar 2005
ordinary taxable income is required to be declared by September 15, 2006 and,
assuming we continue to pay the quarterly dividends on or about the 1st day of
each calendar quarter (January 1st, April 1st, July 1st and October 1st),
distributed by October 1, 2006.
<PAGE>

            It is our intention to pay to our shareholders within the time
periods prescribed by the Code substantially all of our annual taxable income,
including gains from the sale of real estate and recognized gains on sale of
available-for-sale securities.

Significant Accounting Policies

            Our significant accounting policies are more fully described in Note
1 to our consolidated financial statements. The preparation of financial
statements and related disclosure in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States requires management to make certain
judgments and estimates that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated
financial statements and accompanying notes. Certain of our accounting policies
are particularly important to understand our financial position and results of
operations and require the application of significant judgments and estimates by
our management; as a result they are subject to a degree of uncertainty. These
significant accounting policies include the following:

Allowance for Possible Losses

            We review our mortgage portfolio, real estate assets underlying our
mortgage portfolio and owned by us and the real estate assets owned by joint
ventures in which we are an equity participant on a quarterly basis to ascertain
if there has been any impairment in the value of the real estate assets
underlying our loans or any impairment in the value of any of such real estate
assets, in order to determine if there is a need for a provision for an
allowance for possible losses against our real estate loans or an impairment
allowance against real estate assets.

            In reviewing the value of the collateral underlying our loan
portfolio, our real estate assets, and the real estate assets owned by joint
ventures in which we are an equity participant, we seek to arrive at the fair
value of the underlying collateral or such real estate on an individual basis by
taking into account numerous factors, including, market evaluations of the
underlying collateral or the real estate, estimated operating cash flow from the
property during a projected holding period and an estimated sales value computed
by applying an expected capitalization rate to the stabilized net operating
income of the specific property, less selling costs, discounted at market
discount rates. Each of these factors entails significant judgments and
estimates. Real estate assets held for use and real estate assets owned by joint
ventures are evaluated for indicators of impairment using an undiscounted cash
flow analysis. If that analysis suggests that the undiscounted cash flows to be
generated by the property will be insufficient to recover our investment, an
impairment provision will be calculated based upon the excess of the carrying
amount of the property over its fair value. Real estate assets which are held
for sale are valued at the lower of the recorded cost or estimated fair value,
less the cost to sell. We do not obtain any independent appraisals of either the
real property underlying our loans or the real estate assets which are held by
us and by the joint ventures in which we are an equity participant, but we rely
on our own "in-house" analysis and valuations. Any valuation allowances taken
with respect to our loan portfolio or real estate assets will reduce our net
income, assets and shareholders' equity to the extent of the amount of the
valuation allowance, but it will not affect our cash flow until such time as the
property is sold. No additional valuation allowance was recorded against our
mortgage portfolio in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2005 and no valuation
adjustment was recorded in fiscal 2005 against any real estate assets.

Revenue Recognition

            We recognize interest income and rental income on an accrual basis,
unless we make a judgment that impairment of a loan or of real estate owned
renders doubtful collection of interest or rent in accordance with the
applicable loan documents or lease. In making a judgment as to the
collectibility of interest or rent, we consider, among other factors, the status
of the loan or property, the borrower's or tenant's financial condition, payment
history and anticipated events in the future. Income recognition is suspended
for loans when, in the opinion of management, a full recovery of income and
principal becomes doubtful. Income recognition is resumed when the loan becomes
contractually current and continued performance is demonstrated. Accordingly,
management must make a significant judgment as to whether to treat a loan or
real estate owned as impaired. If we make a decision to treat a "problem" loan
or real estate asset as not impaired and therefore continue to recognize the
interest and rent as income on an accrual basis, we could overstate income by
recognizing income that will not be collected and the uncollectible amount will
ultimately have to be written off. The period in which the uncollectible amount
is written off could adversely affect taxable income for a specific year and our
ability to pay cash distributions.



<PAGE>


Item 7A.       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk

         Our primary component of market risk is interest rate sensitivity. Our
interest income, and to a lesser extent our interest expense, are subject to
changes in interest rates. We seek to minimize these risks by originating loans
that are indexed to the prime rate, with a stated minimum interest rate, and
borrowing, when necessary, from our available revolving bank credit lines which
are also indexed to the prime rate. At September 30, 2005, approximately 96% of
our portfolio was comprised of variable rate loans tied primarily to the prime
rate. Changes in the prime interest rate would affect our net interest income
accordingly. When determining interest rate sensitivity, we assume that any
change in interest rates is immediate and that the interest rate sensitive
assets and liabilities existing at the beginning of the period remain constant
over the period being measured. We assessed the market risk for our variable
rate mortgage receivables and variable rate debt and believe that a one percent
increase in interest rates would cause an increase of income before taxes of
$1.1 million and a one percent decline in interest rates would cause an increase
of income before taxes of approximately $113,000. In addition, we originate
loans with short maturities and maintain a strong capital position. As of
September 30, 2005, a majority of our loan portfolio was secured primarily by
properties located in the New York metropolitan area, including New Jersey and
Connecticut, and in Florida, and it is therefore subject to risks associated
with the economies of these localities.

Item 8.   Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

         This information appears in a separate section of this Report
following Part IV.

Item 9.   Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
          and Financial Disclosure

    None.

Item 9A.    Controls and Procedures

         A review and evaluation was performed by our management, including our
Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Chief Financial Officer (CFO), of the
effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and
procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form
10-K. Based on that review and evaluation, the CEO and CFO have concluded that
our current disclosure controls and procedures, as designed and implemented,
were effective. There have been no significant changes in our internal controls
or in other factors that could significantly affect our internal controls
subsequent to the date of their evaluation. There were no significant material
weaknesses identified in the course of such review and evaluation and,
therefore, we took no corrective measures.

Management Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

         Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate
internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial
reporting is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) promulgated under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as a process designed by, or under
the supervision of, a company's principal executive and principal financial
officers and effected by a company's board, management and other personnel to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with GAAP and includes those policies and procedures that:

o        pertain  to the  maintenance  of records  that in  reasonable  detail
         accurately  and fairly  reflect  the  transactions  and
         dispositions of the assets of a company;

o        provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as
         necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
         with GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of a company are being
         made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors
         of a company; and

o        provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection
         of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of a company's assets
         that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

         Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial
reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risks that controls may
become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

         Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting as of September 30, 2005. In making this assessment, our
management used criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework.

         Based on its assessment, our management believes that, as of September
30, 2005, our internal control over financial reporting was effective based on
those criteria.

         Our independent auditors, Ernst & Young, LLP, have issued an audit
report on management's assessment of our internal control over financial
reporting. This report appears on page F1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Item 9B. Other Information

         None.

                                    PART III

Item 10.    Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant

         Apart from certain information concerning our executive officers which
is set forth in Part I of this report, the other information required by this
Item is incorporated herein by reference to the applicable information in the
proxy statement for our 2006 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, including the
information set forth under the captions "Election of Trustees," "Section 16(a)
Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance," "Code of Ethics" and "Governance --
Audit Committee -- Audit Committee Financial Expert."

Item 11.     Executive Compensation

         The information concerning our executive compensation required by Item
11 shall be included in the proxy statement to be filed relating to our 2006
Annual Meeting of Shareholders and is incorporated herein by reference.




Item 12.   Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
           and Related Stockholder Matters

         The information concerning our beneficial owners required by Item 12
shall be included in the proxy statement to be filed relating to our 2006 Annual
Meeting of Shareholders and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 13.    Certain Relationships and Related Transactions

         The information concerning relationships and certain transactions
required by Item 13 shall be included in the proxy statement to be filed
relating to our 2006 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and is incorporated herein
by reference.

Item 14.   Principal Accounting Fees and Services

         The information concerning our principal accounting fees required by
Item 14 shall be included in the proxy statement to be filed relating to our
2006 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and is incorporated herein by reference.


<PAGE>
                                     PART IV

Item 15.   Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules
   (a)

        1. All Financial Statements.

           The response is submitted in a separate section of this report
           following Part IV.

        2. Financial Statement Schedules.

           The response is submitted in a separate section of this report
           following Part IV.

        3. Exhibits:

      3.1  Third Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust (filed herewith).

      3.2  By-laws of BRT Realty Trust, formerly known as Berg Enterprise Realty
           Group (filed herewith).

     10.1  Advisory Agreement, dated February 7, 1983, between the BRT Realty
           Trust and REIT Management Corp. (filed herewith).

     10.2  Amendment to Advisory Agreement, dated as of January 1, 1988, between
           BRT Realty Trust and REIT Management Corp. (filed herewith).

     10.3  Shared Services Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2002, by and among
           Gould Investors L.P., BRT Realty Trust, One Liberty Properties, Inc.,
           Majestic Property Management Corp., Majestic Property Affiliates,
           Inc. and REIT Management Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
           10(c) to the Form 10-K of BRT Realty Trust for the year ended
           September 30, 2002).

     10.4  Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of August 17, 2005, between BRT
           Realty Trust and North Fork Bank (incorporated by reference to
           Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K of BRT Realty Trust filed August 18,
           2005).

     10.5  Secured Promissory Note, dated as of August 17, 2005, by BRT Realty
           Trust in favor of North Fork Bank, in the aggregate principal amount
           of $17,000,000 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Form
           8-K of BRT Realty Trust filed August 18, 2005).

     10.6  Modification to Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of August
           17, 2005, between BRT Realty Trust and North Fork Bank
           (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Form 8-K of
           BRT Realty Trust filed August 18, 2005).

     10.7  Modification to Secured Promissory Note, dated as of October
           31, 2005, between BRT Realty Trust and North Fork Bank
           (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K of
           BRT Realty Trust filed November 1, 2005).

     21.1  Subsidiaries.  Each subsidiary is 100% owned by BRT Realty Trust
           (filed herewith).

     23.1  Consent of Ernst & Young, LLP (filed herewith).

     31.1  Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of
           the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the "Act") (filed herewith).

     31.2  Certification of Senior Vice President - Finance pursuant to
           Section 302 of the Act (filed herewith).

     31.3  Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302
           of the Act (filed herewith).

     32.1  Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906
           of the Act (filed herewith).

     32.2 Certification of Senior Vice President-Finance pursuant to Section
           906 of the Act (filed herewith).

     32.3 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906
          of the Act (filed herewith).

     (b) Exhibits.

              See Item 15(a)(3) above.

     (c) Financial Statements.

              See Item 15(a)(2) above.


<PAGE>





                                   SIGNATURES

         Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

                                BRT REALTY TRUST

Date:  December 13, 2005                    By: /s/ Jeffrey A. Gould
                                                ----------------------
                                                Jeffrey A. Gould
                                                Chief Executive Officer,
                                                President and Trustee

         Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Registrant and in the capacity and on the dates indicated.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

Signature                                      Title                           Date
---------                                      -----                           ----
<S>                                     <C>                                <C>

/s/ Fredric H. Gould                    Chairman of the Board              December 13, 2005
--------------------
Fredric H. Gould

/s/ Jeffrey A. Gould                    Chief Executive Officer,           December 13, 2005
---------------------
Jeffrey A. Gould                        President and Trustee
                                        (Principal Executive
                                        Officer)

/s/ Kenneth Bernstein                   Trustee                            December 13, 2005
---------------------
Kenneth Bernstein

/s/ Patrick J. Callan                   Trustee                            December 13, 2005
---------------------
Patrick J. Callan

/s/ Louis C. Grassi                     Trustee                            December 13, 2005
-------------------
Louis C. Grassi

/s/ Matthew J. Gould                    Trustee                            December 13, 2005
--------------------
Matthew J. Gould

/s/ Gary Hurand                         Trustee                            December 13, 2005
---------------
Gary Hurand

/s/ David Herold                        Trustee                            December 13, 2005
----------------
David Herold

/s/ Jeffrey Rubin                       Trustee                            December 13, 2005
-----------------
Jeffrey Rubin

/s/ George E. Zweier                    Chief Financial Officer,           December 13, 2005
--------------------                    Vice President
George E. Zweier                        (Principal Financial
                                        and Accounting Officer)


</TABLE>

<PAGE>


Annual Report on Form 10-K
Item 8, Item 15(a)(1) and (2)

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Consolidated Financial Statement
Schedules

                                                                       Page No.

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm                  F-1

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30,
   2005 and 2004                                                         F-3

Consolidated Statements of Income for the
  years ended September 30, 2005, 2004 and 2003                          F-4

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity
  for the years ended September 30, 2005,
  2004 and 2003                                                          F-5

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the
  years ended September 30, 2005, 2004 and 2003                          F-6

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                               F-8

Consolidated Financial Statement Schedules for the year ended
September 30, 2005:

     III - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation                      F-27

     IV - Mortgage Loans on Real Estate                                  F-28

All other schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the required
information is shown in the consolidated financial statements or the notes
thereto.



<PAGE>








             REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

    The Board of Trustees and Shareholders of
    BRT Realty Trust and Subsidiaries

    We have audited management's assessment, included in the accompanying
    Management Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting in Item 9A,
    Controls and Procedures, of Form 10K, that BRT Realty Trust and Subsidiaries
    (the "Company") maintained effective internal control over financial
    reporting as of September 30, 2005, based on criteria established in
    Internal Control--Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
    Organizations of the Treadway Commission (the COSO criteria). The Company's
    management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over
    financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal
    control over financial reporting. Our responsibility is to express an
    opinion on management's assessment and an opinion on the effectiveness of
    the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.

    We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public
    Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require
    that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about
    whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained
    in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of
    internal control over financial reporting, evaluating management's
    assessment, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of
    internal control, and performing such other procedures as we considered
    necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a
    reasonable basis for our opinion.

    A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed
    to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
    reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
    in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's
    internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and
    procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in
    reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and
    dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance
    that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of
    financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
    principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made
    only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the
    company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
    detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's
    assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

    Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial
    reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any
    evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that
    controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the
    degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

    In our opinion, management's assessment that the Company maintained
    effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30,
    2005, is fairly stated, in all material respects, based on the COSO
    criteria. Also, in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material
    respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of
    September 30, 2005, based on the COSO criteria.

    We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
    Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets
    of BRT Realty Trust and Subsidiaries as of September 30, 2005 and 2004, and
    the related consolidated statements of income, shareholders' equity, and
    cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30,
    2005 of the Company and our report dated December 12, 2005 expressed an
    unqualified opinion thereon.

                                                   /s/ Ernst & Young LLP

    New York, New York
    December 12, 2005

<PAGE>



             REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM



           To the Board of Trustees and Shareholders
           BRT Realty Trust and Subsidiaries


           We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of BRT
           Realty Trust and Subsidiaries (the "Trust") as of September 30, 2005
           and 2004, and the related consolidated statements of income,
           shareholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in
           the period ended September 30, 2005. Our audits also included the
           financial statement schedules listed in the Index at Item 15(a).
           These financial statements and schedules are the responsibility of
           the Trust's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
           on these financial statements and schedules based on our audits.

           We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards of the
           Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
           standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
           reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial
           statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes
           examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and
           disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes
           assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates
           made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial
           statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
           reasonable basis for our opinion.

           In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present
           fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position
           of BRT Realty Trust and Subsidiaries at September 30, 2005 and 2004,
           and the consolidated results of their operations and their cash flows
           for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2005,
           in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.
           Also, in our opinion, the related financial statement schedules, when
           considered in relation to the basic financial statements taken as a
           whole, present fairly in all material respects the information set
           forth therein.

           We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public
           Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the effectiveness
           of BRT Realty Trust and Subsidiaries' internal control over financial
           reporting as of September 30, 2005, based on criteria established in
           Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of
           Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report
           dated December 12, 2005 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.


                                                 /s/    ERNST & YOUNG LLP
           New York, New York
           December 12, 2005



<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                                                BRT REALTY TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES
                                                                   Consolidated Balance Sheets
                                                     (Dollar amounts in thousands except per share amounts)

                                                                     ASSETS
                                                                                                           September 30,
                                                                                                           -------------
                                                                                                       2005             2004
                                                                                                       ----             -----
           <S>                                                                                        <C>               <C>

           Real estate loans
                 Earning interest, including $3,500 and $7,305
                   from related parties                                                               $192,012          $132,229
                 Not earning interest                                                                    1,617             3,096
                                                                                                      --------          --------
                                                                                                       193,629           135,325
                 Allowance for possible losses                                                            (669)             (881)
                                                                                                      --------          --------
                                                                                                       192,960           134,444
                                                                                                      --------          --------
           Real estate assets
                 Real estate properties net of accumulated
                   depreciation of $613 and $1,699                                                       6,117             5,887
                 Investment in unconsolidated
                   real estate ventures at equity                                                        8,713             7,793
                                                                                                      --------          --------
                                                                                                        14,830            13,680
                                                                                                      --------          --------
           Cash and cash equivalents                                                                     5,709             5,746
           Available-for-sale securities at market                                                      48,453            41,491
           Other assets                                                                                  4,246             2,644
                                                                                                      --------          --------

                 Total Assets                                                                         $266,198          $198,005
                                                                                                      ========          ========

           LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

           Liabilities:
                Borrowed funds                                                                        $110,932          $ 53,862
                Mortgage payable                                                                         2,542             2,609
                Accounts payable and accrued liabilities including
                  deposits payable of $2,606 and $3,164                                                  6,166             5,798
                Dividends payable                                                                        3,903             3,673
                                                                                                      --------          --------
                Total liabilities                                                                      123,543            65,942
                                                                                                      --------          --------

           Commitments and contingencies                                                                     -                 -
           Shareholders' equity
                 Preferred shares, $1 par value:
                   Authorized 10,000 shares, none issued                                                     -                 -
                 Shares of beneficial interest, $3 par value:
                   Authorized number of shares, unlimited, issued
                      8,947 and 8,883 shares                                                            26,841            26,650
                 Additional paid-in capital                                                             83,723            81,769
                 Accumulated other comprehensive income - net
                   unrealized gain on available-for-sale securities                                     33,503            26,162
                 Unearned compensation                                                                  (1,311)             (900)
                 Retained earnings                                                                      10,465             9,482
                                                                                                      --------          --------
                                                                                                       153,221           143,163
                Cost of 1,226 and 1,288 treasury shares
                   of beneficial interest                                                              (10,566)          (11,100)
                                                                                                      --------          --------
                   Total shareholders' equity                                                          142,655           132,063
                                                                                                      --------          --------

           Total Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity                                                 $266,198          $198,005
                                                                                                      ========          ========

                                                    See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

</TABLE>

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                 BRT REALTY TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES
                                                                 Consolidated Statements of Income
                                                      (Dollar amounts in thousands except per share amounts)

                                                                                               Year Ended September 30,
                                                                                               ------------------------
                                                                                        2005             2004            2003
                                                                                        ----             ----            ----
<S>                                                                                  <C>              <C>               <C>

Revenues:
    Interest and fees on real estate loans, including
      $651, $742 and $726 from related parties                                       $ 21,549         $ 13,913          $  9,813
    Operating income from real estate properties                                        1,207            1,372             1,411
    Other, primarily investment income                                                  2,959            2,376             2,667
                                                                                     --------         --------          --------
    Total Revenues                                                                     25,715           17,661            13,891
                                                                                     --------         --------          --------
 Expenses:
    Interest - borrowed funds                                                           4,324            1,408               302
    Advisor's fees, related party                                                       1,862            1,444               875
    General and administrative - including $708, $754
      and $656 to related parties                                                       4,398            3,828             3,063
    Other taxes                                                                           417              480               498
    Operating expenses relating to real estate properties
      including interest on mortgages payable
        of $174, $254 and $259                                                          1,140            1,809               952
    Amortization and depreciation                                                         195              145               172
                                                                                      -------          -------          --------


    Total Expenses                                                                     12,336            9,114             5,862
                                                                                      -------          -------          --------

 Income before equity in earnings of unconsolidated real
   estate ventures, gain on sale of available-for-sale securities,
   minority interest and discontinued operations                                       13,379            8,547             8,029
 Equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate ventures                                257              202               479
                                                                                      -------          -------           -------
 Income before gain on sale of available-for-sale securities,
   minority interest and discontinued operations                                       13,636            8,749             8,508

 Gain on sale of available-for-sale securities                                            680            1,641             4,332
 Minority interest                                                                        (12)             (43)              (43)
                                                                                      -------          -------           -------

 Income from continuing operations                                                     14,304           10,347            12,797

 Discontinued Operations
   Income from operations                                                                 341              394               387
   Gain on sale of real estate assets                                                   1,569            1,261               499
                                                                                      -------          -------           -------
   Income from discontinued operations                                                  1,910            1,655               886
                                                                                      -------          -------           -------

 Net income                                                                           $16,214          $12,002           $13,683
                                                                                      =======          =======           =======

 Earnings per share of beneficial interest:

 Income from continuing operations                                                  $   1.84         $   1.36          $   1.71
 Income from discontinued operations                                                     .25              .22               .12
                                                                                    --------         --------          --------
   Basic earnings per share                                                         $   2.09         $   1.58          $   1.83
                                                                                    ========         ========          ========

 Income from continuing operations                                                  $   1.83         $   1.34          $   1.68
 Income from discontinued operations                                                     .25              .21               .12
                                                                                    --------         --------          --------
   Diluted earnings per share                                                       $   2.08         $   1.55          $   1.80
                                                                                    ========         ========          ========

 Cash distributions per common share                                                $   1.96         $   1.79          $   1.30
                                                                                    ========         ========          ========
 Weighted average number of common shares outstanding:
 Basic                                                                             7,747,804        7,617,116         7,470,608
                                                                                    =========       =========         =========
 Diluted                                                                           7,811,483        7,734,364         7,595,434
                                                                                    =========       =========         =========

          See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
</TABLE>



<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                                                BRT REALTY TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES
                                                          Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity
                                                           Years Ended September 30, 2005, 2004, and 2003
                                                        (Dollar amounts in thousands except per share data)

                                                                        Accumulated
                                                                           Other
                                               Shares of  Additional      Compre-     Unearned
                                              Beneficial    Paid-In       hensive      Compen-   Retained    Treasury
                                               Interest     Capital       Income       sation    Earnings     Shares      Total
                                               --------     -------       ------       ------    --------     ------      -----
<S>                                             <C>         <C>           <C>          <C>        <C>       <C>          <C>

Balances, September 30, 2002                    $26,650     $80,864       $12,426          -      $ 7,218   $(12,867)    $114,291
Distributions - Common share
  ($1.30 per share)                                   -           -             -          -       (9,747)         -       (9,747)
Exercise of Stock Options                             -        (155)            -          -            -        968          813
Issuance of restricted stock                          -         442             -      $(442)           -          -            -
Compensation expense -
      restricted stock                                -           -             -         36            -          -           36
 Net income                                           -           -             -          -       13,683          -       13,683
   Other comprehensive income -
    unrealized gain on sale of avail-
    able-for-sale securities (net of
    reclassification adjustment for
    gains included in net income
    of $4,332)                                        -           -         6,856          -            -          -        6,856
                                                                                                                            -----
Comprehensive income                                  -           -             -          -            -          -       20,539
                                                 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balances, September 30, 2003                     26,650      81,151        19,282       (406)      11,154    (11,899)     125,932
Distributions - Common share
  ($1.79 per share)                                   -           -             -          -      (13,674)         -      (13,674)

Exercise of Stock Options                             -         (74)            -          -            -        784          710
Issuance of restricted stock                          -         700             -       (700)           -          -            -
Restricted stock vesting                              -          (8)            -          -            -         15            7
Compensation expense -
      restricted stock                                -           -             -        206            -          -          206
  Net income                                          -           -             -          -       12,002          -       12,002
    Other comprehensive income -
      unrealized gain on sale of avail-
      able-for-sale securities (net of
      reclassification adjustment for gains
      included in net income of $1,641)               -           -         6,880          -             -         -        6,880
                                                                                                                            -----
Comprehensive income                                  -           -             -          -             -         -       18,882
                                                 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Balances, September 30, 2004                     26,650      81,769        26,162       (900)        9,482   (11,100)     132,063
Shares issued - Purchase plan                       191       1,247             -          -             -         -        1,438
Distributions - Common share
  ($1.96 per share)                                   -           -             -          -       (15,231)        -      (15,231)

Exercise of Stock Options                             -           3             -          -             -       534          537
Issuance of restricted stock                          -         870             -       (870)            -         -            -
Forfeiture of restricted stock                        -        (166)            -        166             -         -            -
Compensation expense -
      restricted stock                                -           -             -        293             -         -          293
  Net income                                          -           -             -          -        16,214         -       16,214
    Other comprehensive income -
     unrealized gain on sale of avail-
     able-for-sale securities (net of
     reclassification adjustment for gains
     included in net income of $680)                  -           -         7,341          -             -         -        7,341
                                                                                                                           ------
Comprehensive income                                  -           -             -          -             -         -       23,555
                                                ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balances, September 30, 2005                    $26,841     $83,723       $33,503    $(1,311)      $10,465  $(10,566)    $142,655
                                                ==================================================================================

                                See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.


</TABLE>


<PAGE>


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                               BRT REALTY TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES
                                                             Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
                                                                 (Dollar amounts in thousands)

                                                                                               Year Ended September 30,
                                                                                               ------------------------
                                                                                        2005             2004              2003
                                                                                        ----             ----              ----
<S>                                                                                   <C>              <C>               <C>

Cash flows from operating activities:
   Net income                                                                         $ 16,214         $ 12,002          $ 13,683
   Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided
   by operating activities:
      Amortization and depreciation                                                        421              328               327
      Restricted stock expense                                                             293              213                36
      Net gain on sale of real estate assets from
        discontinued operations                                                         (1,569)          (1,261)             (499)
      Payoff of loan in excess of carrying amount                                         (365)               -                 -
      Net gain on sale of available-for-sale securities                                   (680)          (1,641)           (4,332)
      Equity in earnings of unconsolidated
        real estate ventures                                                              (257)            (202)             (479)
      Distributions of earnings of unconsolidated joint ventures                           546              220               761
      Decrease (Increase) in straight line rent                                            223             (153)             (153)
      (Increase) Decrease in interest and dividends receivable                            (927)            (475)              305
      Decrease (Increase) in prepaid expenses                                               60              (56)               19
     (Decrease) Increase in accounts payable and
        accrued liabilities                                                               (206)           1,250                (1)
     Increase (Decrease) in deferred revenues                                              153              747              (234)
     Increase in escrow deposits                                                           438              905                 3
     Increase in deferred costs                                                           (130)            (150)              (89)
     Other                                                                                  (7)             (36)              153
                                                                                        ------           ------            ------
Net cash provided by operating activities                                               14,207           11,691             9,500
                                                                                        ------          -------            ------

Cash flows from investing activities:
   Collections from real estate loans                                                  160,274           94,511            76,365
   Proceeds from sale of participation interests                                        38,475           68,630                 -
   Additions to real estate loans                                                     (259,346)        (231,588)          (58,716)
   Net costs capitalized to real estate owned                                             (457)             (86)             (176)
   Additions to real estate                                                             (1,548)               -                 -
   Proceeds from sale of real estate owned                                               5,529            1,358               553
   Purchase of investment securities                                                    (1,000)               -            (2,034)
   Sale of available-for-sale securities                                                 1,059            3,384             8,047
   Contributions to real estate ventures                                                (1,303)            (899)             (268)
   Distributions of capital of unconsolidated entities                                      94               18                12
                                                                                       -------          -------           -------

Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities                                    (58,223)         (64,672)           23,783
                                                                                       -------          -------           -------


Cash flows from financing activities:
   Proceeds from borrowed funds                                                        215,909          179,107             4,755
   Repayment of borrowed funds                                                        (158,839)        (130,000)          (14,745)
   Mortgages amortization                                                                  (67)             (71)              (65)
   Exercise of stock options                                                               537              711               813
   Cash distribution - common shares                                                   (14,999)         (12,714)           (7,035)
   Issuance of shares-stock purchase plan                                                1,438                -                 -
                                                                                       -------          -------           -------
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities                                     43,979           37,033           (16,277)
                                                                                       -------          -------          --------

Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents                                       (37)         (15,948)           17,006
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                                           5,746           21,694             4,688
                                                                                       -------        ---------          --------
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                                              $  5,709        $   5,746          $ 21,694
                                                                                      ========        =========          ========

                                            See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.


</TABLE>

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                       BRT REALTY TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES
                                                     Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
                                                         (Dollar amounts in thousands)
                                                                  (Continued)



                                                                                 Year Ended September 30,
                                                                                 ------------------------
                                                                                   2005             2004             2003
                                                                                   ----             ----             ----
           <S>                                                                   <C>               <C>              <C>

           Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information:

               Cash paid during the year for interest expense                    $3,992            $1,434           $  527
                                                                                 ======            ======           ======
               Cash paid during the year for income
                  and excise taxes                                               $  329            $  542           $  314
                                                                                 ======            ======           ======


                                                                                  2005              2004             2003
                                                                                  ----              ----             ----
           Non cash investing and financing activity:

               Reclass of loan to real estate upon foreclosure                   $2,446            $   -            $    -

               Accrued distributions                                             $3,903            $3,673           $2,711












                                  See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.



</TABLE>


<PAGE>


                        BRT REALTY TRUST AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                  Years Ended September 30, 2005, 2004 and 2003

NOTE 1 -   ORGANIZATION, BACKGROUND AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

           Organization and Background

           BRT Realty Trust is a real estate investment trust organized as a
           business trust in 1972 under the laws of the Commonwealth of
           Massachusetts. Our principal business activity is to generate income
           by originating and holding for investment, for our own account,
           senior and junior real estate mortgage loans secured by real
           property. We may also participate as both an equity investor in, and
           as a mortgage lender to joint ventures which acquire income producing
           properties.

           Principles of Consolidation; Basis of Preparation

           The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of BRT
           Realty Trust and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. Investments in less
           than majority-owned entities have been accounted for using the equity
           method. Material intercompany items and transactions have been
           eliminated. Many wholly-owned subsidiaries were organized to take
           title to various properties acquired by BRT Realty Trust. BRT Realty
           Trust and its subsidiaries are hereinafter referred to as the "Trust"
           or the "Company".

           Income Tax Status

           The Trust qualifies as a real estate investment trust under Sections
           856-860 of the Internal Revenue Code.

           The Trustees may, at their option, elect to operate the Trust as a
           business trust not qualifying as a real estate investment trust.

           Income Recognition

          Income and expenses are recorded on the accrual basis of accounting
          for financial reporting purposes. The Trust does not accrue interest
          on impaired loans where, in the judgment of management, collection of
          interest according to the contractual terms is considered doubtful.
          Among the factors the Trust considers in making an evaluation of the
          amount of interest that is collectable, are the financial condition of
          the borrower and anticipated future events. The Trust accrues interest
          on performing impaired loans and records cash receipts as a reduction
          of the recorded investment leaving the valuation allowance constant
          throughout the life of the loan. For impaired non-accrual loans,
          interest is recognized on a cash basis. Loan discounts are amortized
          over the life of the real estate loan using the constant interest
          method.

          Loan commitment and extension fee income on loans held in our
          portfolio is deferred and recorded as a component of interest income
          over the life of the commitment and loan. Commitment fees are
          generally non-refundable. When a commitment expires or the Trust no
          longer has any other obligation to perform, the remaining fee is
          recognized into income.

          Rental income includes the base rent that each tenant is required to
          pay in accordance with the terms of their respective leases reported
          on a straight line basis over the initial term of the lease.

          The basis on which the cost was determined in computing the realized
          gain or loss on available-for-sale securities is average historical
          cost.

          Loans held for sale are carried at lower of cost or estimated fair
          value calculated in accordance with SFAS 65 on an individual loan
          basis. Deferred fees on loans held for sale are recognized as a
          component of gain or loss upon the sale. Gains or losses on the sale
          are determined by the difference between the sales proceeds and the
          carrying value of the loan.

          Allowance for Possible Losses

          A loan evaluated for impairment is deemed to be impaired when based on
          current information and events, it is probable that the Trust will not
          be able to collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms
          of the loan agreement. When making this evaluation numerous factors
          are considered, including, market evaluations of the underlying
          collateral, estimated operating cash flow from the property during the
          projected holding period, and estimated sales value computed by
          applying an expected capitalization rate to the stabilized net
          operating income of the specific property, less selling costs,
          discounted at market discount rates. If upon completion of the
          valuations, the underlying collateral securing the loan is less than
          the recorded investment in the loan, an allowance is created with a
          corresponding charge to expense.

                  Real Estate Assets

                  Real estate properties, shown net of accumulated depreciation,
          is comprised of real property in which the Trust has invested directly
          and properties acquired by foreclosure.

                        When real estate is acquired by foreclosure or by a deed
          in lieu of foreclosure, it is recorded at the lower of the recorded
          investment of the loan or estimated fair value at the time of
          foreclosure. The recorded investment is the face amount of the loan
          that has been increased or decreased by any accrued interest,
          acquisition costs and may also reflect a previous direct write down of
          the loan. Real estate assets, including assets acquired through
          foreclosure are operated for the production of income and are
          depreciated over their estimated useful lives. Costs incurred in
          connection with the foreclosure of the properties collateralizing the
          real estate loans and costs incurred to extend the life or improve the
          assets subsequent to foreclosure are capitalized.

           The Trust accounts for the sale of real estate when title passes to
           the buyer, sufficient equity payments have been received and when
           there is reasonable assurance that the remaining receivable, if any,
           will be collected.





<PAGE>


           Investments in real estate ventures in which the Trust does not have
           the ability to exercise operational or financial control, are
           accounted for using the equity method. Accordingly, the Trust reports
           its pro rata share of net profits and losses from its investments in
           unconsolidated real estate ventures in the accompanying consolidated
           financial statements.

           Valuation Allowance on Real Estate Assets

           The Trust reviews each real estate asset owned, including investments
           in real estate ventures, for which indicators of impairment are
           present to determine whether the carrying amount of the asset will be
           recovered. Recognition of impairment is required if the undiscounted
           cash flows estimated to be generated by the assets are less than the
           assets' carrying amount. Measurement is based upon the fair value of
           the asset. Real estate assets held for sale are valued at the lower
           of cost or fair value, less costs to sell, on an individual asset
           basis. Upon evaluating a property, many indicators of value are
           considered, including estimated current and expected operating cash
           flow from the property during the projected holding period, costs
           necessary to extend the life or improve the asset, expected
           capitalization rates, projected stabilized net operating income,
           selling costs, and the ability to hold and dispose of such real
           estate owned in the ordinary course of business. Valuation
           adjustments may be necessary in the event that effective interest
           rates, rent-up periods, future economic conditions, and other
           relevant factors vary significantly from those assumed in valuing the
           property. If future evaluations result in a diminution in the value
           of the property, the reduction will be recognized as an addition to
           the valuation allowance.

           Loan Participations

           SFAS No. 140 "Accounting for Transfers and Servicing of Financial
           Assets and Extinguishments of Liabilities" (SFAS 140") allows the
           recognition of transfers of financial assets as sales provided
           control has been relinquished. Control is deemed to be relinquished
           only when all of the following conditions have been met: (i) the
           assets have been isolated from the transferor, even in bankruptcy or
           other receivership (true sale opinions are required), (ii) the
           transferee has the right to pledge or exchange the assets received
           and (iii) the transferor has not maintained effective control over
           the transferred assets. In accordance with this standard, the Trust
           only recognizes its retained interests of loan participations in the
           financial statements.

           Fair Value of Financial Instruments

           The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair
           value of each class of financial instruments:

           Cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable (included in Other
           assets), accounts payable and accrued liabilities: The carrying
           amounts reported in the balance sheet for these instruments
           approximate their fair values due to the short term nature of these
           accounts.

          Available-for-sale securities: Investments in securities are
          considered "available-for-sale", and are reported on the balance sheet
          based upon quoted market prices.





<PAGE>


          Real estate loans: The earning mortgage loans of the Trust have either
          variable interest rate provisions, which are based upon a margin over
          the prime rate, or are currently fixed at effective interest rates
          which approximate market for similar types of loans. Accordingly, the
          carrying amounts of the earning, non-impaired mortgage loans
          approximate their fair values. For earning loans which are impaired,
          the Trust has valued such loans based upon the estimated fair value of
          the underlying collateral.

          Borrowed funds and mortgage payable: There is no material difference
          between the carrying amounts and fair value because interest rates
          approximate current market rates for similar types of loans.

          Per Share Data

          Basic earnings per share was determined by dividing net income
          applicable to common shareholders for each year by the weighted
          average number of Shares of Beneficial Interest outstanding during
          each year. Diluted earnings per share reflects the potential dilution
          that could occur if securities or other contracts to issue Shares of
          Beneficial Interest were exercised or converted into Shares of
          Beneficial Interest or resulted in the issuance of Shares of
          Beneficial Interest that then shared in the earnings of the Company.
          Diluted earnings per share was determined by dividing net income
          applicable to common shareholders for each year by the total of the
          weighted average number of Shares of Beneficial Interest outstanding
          plus the dilutive effect of the Company's unvested restricted stock
          and outstanding options using the treasury stock method.

          Cash Equivalents

          Cash equivalents consist of highly liquid investments, primarily
          direct United States treasury obligations and money market type U.S.
          Government obligations, with maturities of three months or less when
          purchased.

          Use of Estimates

          The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with
          accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires
          management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts
          reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual
          results could differ from those estimates.

          Segment Reporting

          Statement of Financial Accounting Standards ("SFAS") No. 131,
          Disclosure About Segments of an Enterprise and Related Information
          established standards for the way that public business enterprises
          report information about operating segments in annual financial
          statements and requires that those enterprises report selected
          information about operating segments in interim financial reports.
          SFAS No. 131 also established standards for related disclosures about
          products and services, geographical areas, and major customers. As the
          Trust operates predominantly in one industry segment, management has
          determined it has one reportable segment and believes it is in
          compliance with the standards established by SFAS No. 131.

          Accounting For Long-Lived Assets

          The Financial Accounting Standards Board issued SFAS No.144
          "Accounting for the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets" which supersedes
          SFAS No. 121, "Accounting for the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and
          for Long-Lived Assets to be Disposed of"; however it retained the
          fundamental provisions of that statement related to the recognition
          and measurement of the impairment of long-lived assets to be "held and
          used". In addition, SFAS No. 144 provides more guidance on estimating
          cash flows when performing a recoverability test, requires that a
          long-lived asset or asset group to be disposed of other than by sale
          (e.g. abandoned) be classified as "held and used" until it is disposed
          of, and establishes more restrictive criteria to classify an asset or
          asset group as "held for sale". The adoption of this statement did not
          have an effect on the earnings or the financial position of the Trust.

          Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities

          In January 2003, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued
          Interpretation No. 46, "Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities",
          which explains how to identify variable interest entities ("VIE") and
          how to assess whether to consolidate such entities. The provisions of
          this interpretation became immediately effective for VIE's formed
          after January 31, 2003. For VIEs formed prior to January 31, 2003, the
          provisions of this interpretation apply to the first fiscal year or
          interim period beginning after December 15, 2003. Management has
          reviewed its unconsolidated joint ventures and determined that none
          represent variable interest entities which would require consolidation
          by the Trust pursuant to the interpretation.

          New Accounting Pronouncements

          Emerging Issues Task Force ("EITF") Issue 04-5, "Investor's Accounting
          for an Investment in a Limited Partnership when the Investor is the
          Sole General Partner and the Limited Partners Have Certain Rights" was
          ratified by the FASB in June 2005. This EITF provides guidance in
          determining whether a general partner controls a limited partnership
          and what rights held by the limited partner(s) preclude consolidation
          in which the sole general partner would consolidate the limited
          partnership in accordance with the U.S. generally accepted accounting
          principles. This issue is effective no later than for fiscal years
          beginning after December 15, 2005 and as of June 29, 2005 for new or
          modified arrangements. The Trust is currently evaluating the impact of
          the issue and does not anticipate that the adoption of the new issue
          will have a significant effect on earnings or the financial position
          of the Trust.

          On December 16, 2004, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued
          Statement No. 123 (revised 2004), Share-Based Payment, which is a
          revision of FASB Statement No. 123, Accounting for Stock-Based
          Compensation. Statement 123 (R) supersedes APB Opinion No. 25,
          Accounting for Stock Issue to Employees, and amends FASB Statement No.
          95, Statement of Cash Flows. Statement 123 (R) requires all
          share-based payments to employees, including grants of employee stock
          options, to be recognized in the financial statements based on their
          fair value. The pro forma disclosure is no longer an alternative. The
          statement is effective for public companies at the beginning of the
          next fiscal year that begins after June 15, 2005.

          Reclassification

          Certain amounts reported in previous financial statements have been
          reclassified in the accompanying financial statements to conform to
          the current year's presentation.

<PAGE>

NOTE 2 -  REAL ESTATE LOANS

         At September 30, 2005, information as to real estate loans, is
summarized as follows (Dollar amounts in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                                     Not
                                                                                                  Earning          Earning
                                                                                 Total           Interest          Interest
                                                                                 -----           --------          --------
<S>                                                                             <C>              <C>               <C>

First mortgage loans:
                  Long-term:
                     Residential                                                $     31         $     31          $      -
                  Short-term (five years or less):
                     Multi-family residential                                    103,091          103,091                 -
                     Shopping centers/retail                                      27,517           25,900             1,617
                     Land                                                         23,853           23,853                 -
                     Condominium development/units                                18,558           18,558                 -
                     Industrial buildings                                          8,628            8,628                 -


 Second mortgage loans and junior participations:
                   Multi-family residential                                        9,119            9,119                 -
                   Retail                                                          1,510            1,510                 -
                   Office                                                          1,322            1,322                 -
                                                                                --------         --------          --------
                                                                                $193,629         $192,012          $  1,617
                                                                                ========         ========          ========


         A summary of loans at September 30, 2004 is as follows (Dollar
amounts in thousands):

                                                                                                                     Not
                                                                                                Earning           Earning
                                                                                  Total        Interest           Interest
                                                                                  -----        --------           --------

                  First mortgage loans
                     Long term                                                  $     36       $     36           $      -
                     Short term                                                  114,782        111,686              3,096
                  Second mortgage loans
                     and wrap around mortgages                                    20,507         20,507                  -
                                                                                --------       --------           --------

                                                                                $135,325       $132,229           $  3,096
                                                                                ========       ========           ========

</TABLE>

          There were two real estate loans not earning interest at September 30,
          2005. Both of these loans with an outstanding balance of $1,617,000
          were deemed impaired, as it is probable that the Trust will not be
          able to collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms and
          an allowance has been established for them. Of the real estate loans
          earning interest at September 30, 2005 and 2004, $1,447,000 and
          $4,268,000 respectively, were deemed impaired and are subject to
          allowances for possible losses. During the years ended September 30,
          2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively, an average $3,770,000, $5,011,000
          and $6,376,000 of real estate loans were deemed impaired, on which
          $460,000, $373,000 and $449,000 of interest income was recognized.

          Loans originated by the Trust generally provide for interest rates,
          which are indexed to the prime rate. The weighted average interest
          rate on earning loans was 12.23% and 10.85% at September 30, 2005 and
          2004, respectively.

          Included in real estate loans are two second mortgages to ventures in
          which the Trust (through wholly owned subsidiaries) holds a 50%
          interest. At September 30, 2005, the balance of the mortgage loans was
          $3,500,000. At September 30, 2004 the balance of the mortgage loans
          which included five second mortgages and two first mortgages was
          $7,305,000. Interest received on these loans totaled $651,000 and
          $742,000 for the year ended September 30, 2005 and September 30, 2004,
          respectively.

          As of September 30, 2005, there were five first mortgage loans
          outstanding to one borrower totaling $43,534,000 representing
          approximately 22% of the Trust's loan portfolio and 16% of the Trust's
          total assets. All five loans have adjustable rates  and are
          collateralized by multi-family apartment developments located in
          Tennessee (two loans), Alabama, Florida and Arkansas.  The balances
          in each state at September 30, 2005 $17,800,000, $7,109,000,
          $12,750,000 and $5,875,000, respectfully.  No other borrower accounted
          for more than 10% of the outstanding loans.
<PAGE>

          Annual maturities of real estate loans receivable before allowances
          for possible losses during the next five years and thereafter and are
          summarized as follows (Dollar amounts in thousands):


                 Years Ending September 30                 Amount
                 -------------------------                 ------
                 2006                                     $172,013
                 2007                                       18,635
                 2008                                        2,950
                 2009                                            -
                 2010                                            -
                 2011 and thereafter                            31
                                                          --------
                 Total                                    $193,629
                                                          ========

          The Trust's portfolio consists primarily of senior and junior mortgage
          loans, secured by residential and commercial property, 34% of which
          are located in the New York metropolitan area (which includes New
          Jersey and Connecticut), 34% in Florida, 9% in Tennessee and 23% in
          eight other states.

          If a loan is not repaid at maturity, in addition to foreclosing
          on the property, the Trust may either extend the loan or consider the
          loan past due. The Trust analyzes each loan separately to determine
          the appropriateness of an extension. In analyzing each situation,
          management examines many aspects of the loan receivable, including the
          value of the collateral, the financial strength of the borrower, past
          payment history and plans of the owner of the property. There were
          $127,696,000 of real estate loans receivable which matured in Fiscal
          2005, of which, $11,742,000 were extended.

          If all loans classified as non-earning were earning interest at their
          contractual rates for the year ended September 30, 2005 and 2004,
          interest income would have increased by $198,000 and $328,000
          respectively.




<PAGE>



                 At September 30, 2005 the three largest real estate loans had
          principal balances outstanding of approximately $16,000,000,
          $13,350,000 and $13,300,000, respectively. Of the total interest and
          fees earned on real estate loans during the fiscal year ended
          September 30, 2005, 2%, 2% and 3% related to these loans,
          respectively.

         During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2005 the Trust sold junior
         and senior participation interests at par in the amount of $38,475,000.
         Accordingly, no gain was recognized on the sale.

NOTE 3 -  REAL ESTATE ASSETS

         Real Estate Properties

                  A summary of real estate properties for the year ended
         September 30, 2005 is as follows (Dollar amounts in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                                  Gain on
                                                                                                   Sale
                                                                         Costs                   from Dis-
                                                     Sept. 30, 2004   Capitalized/               continued      Sept. 30, 2005
                                                         Amount       Amortization     Sales     Operation          Amount
                                                         ------       ------------     -----     ---------          ------
         <S>                                             <C>            <C>           <C>         <C>               <C>

         Residential units-shares of                         -          $   21              -           -           $   21
         Cooperative corporations
         Shopping centers/retail                         $7,586          1,734        $(6,877)     $1,569            4,012
         Multi-family                                         -          2,697              -           -            2,697
                                                         -----------------------------------------------------------------

                                                          7,586          4,452         (6,877)      1,569            6,730
              Depreciation and Amortization              (1,699)          (261)         1,347           -             (613)
                                                         -----------------------------------------------------------------


         Total real estate properties                    $5,887        $ 4,191        ($5,530)    $ 1,569           $6,117
                                                         =================================================================

</TABLE>

         The Trust holds, with a minority partner, a leasehold interest in a
         portion of a retail shopping center located in Yonkers, New York. The
         leasehold interest is for approximately 28,500 square feet and
         including all option periods expires in 2045. The minority equity
         interest, which equals ten percent, amounted to $130,000 at September
         30, 2005 and $147,000 at September 30, 2004 is included as a component
         of accounts payable and accrued liabilities on the consolidated balance
         sheet.

         Future minimum rentals to be received by the Trust, pursuant to
         noncancellable operating leases in excess of one year, from properties
         on which the Trust has title at September 30, 2005 are as follows
         (Dollar amounts in thousands):

                     Years Ending September 30,                 Amount
                     --------------------------                 ------
                     2006                                      $   829
                     2007                                          870
                     2008                                          871
                     2009                                          871
                     2010                                          877
                     Thereafter                                  9,346
                                                               -------
                                                               $13,664

         During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2005, as a result of a
         foreclosure, title was conveyed on a multi-family residential property
         that was previously reported as a nonperforming loan. At September 30,
         2005 the carrying value of this property was $2,642,000.

         In the current fiscal year ended September 30, 2005 the Trust purchased
         the fee interest on a leasehold position the Trust owned for
         $1,548,000. The Trust subsequently sold its entire position in July
         2005 and recognized a gain on the sale of $1,569,000.

          Investment in Unconsolidated Real Estate Ventures at Equity

          The Trust is a partner in eight unconsolidated real estate ventures
          which operate eight properties. In addition to making an equity
          contribution, the Trust may hold a first or second mortgage on the
          property. A brief summary of the two most significant real estate
          ventures is listed below:

          Blue Hen Corporate Center and Mall - The Trust is a 50% venture
          partner in the Blue Hen Corporate Center and Mall, located in Dover,
          Delaware. During the current fiscal year the venture paid off the two
          existing first mortgages that were held by the Trust. These mortgages
          had principal balances of $189,000 and $1,891,000 at September 30,
          2004. The Trust contributed $950,000 of additional capital to this
          venture in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2005.

          Rutherford Glen - The Trust is a 50% real estate venture partner in a
          248-unit garden apartment complex located in Atlanta, Georgia. The
          first mortgage on this property, which is held by an unaffiliated
          third party, was $15,607,000 at September 30, 2005. This loan, which
          matures on June 11, 2011, has a fixed interest rate of 7.02% and
          requires principal and interest payments of $1,312 per year. The Trust
          holds a second mortgage on the property in the amount of $2,950,000 at
          September 30, 2005. This mortgage which carries an 11% fixed rate of
          interest and requires interest only payments of $325,000 per annum
          matures on June 1, 2008. During the fiscal year ended September 30,
          2005 the Trust contributed $200,000 of additional capital to this
          venture. This property was sold in November 2005, and the venture
          anticipates recognizing a gain of approximately $3.3 million on the
          sale of the property of which the Trust will record its pro rata
          share.


<PAGE>

          Unaudited condensed financial information for these two joint ventures
          at September 30, 2005 and for the year then ended are as follows
          (Dollar amounts in thousands):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                               Blue Hen            Rutherford
                                                                               Venture                Glen
                                                                               -------                ----
          <S>                                                                  <C>                   <C>
          Condensed Balance Sheet

          Cash and cash equivalents                                            $    573              $    207
          Real estate assets, net                                                15,395                17,251
          Other assets                                                              596                   321
                                                                               --------              --------

                Total assets                                                   $ 16,564              $ 17,779
                                                                               ========              ========

          Mortgages payable                                                    $      -              $ 18,557(1)
          Other liabilities                                                         268                   386
          Equity (Deficit)                                                       16,296                (1,164)
                                                                               --------              --------

               Total liabilities and equity                                    $ 16,564              $ 17,779
                                                                               ========              ========

          Trust's equity (deficit) investment                                  $  7,126              $   (582)
                                                                               ========              ========

          Condensed Statement of Operations

          Revenues, primarily rental income                                    $  3,096              $  2,347

          Operating expenses                                                      1,709                 1,070
          Depreciation                                                              655                   728
          Interest expense                                                          120                 1,433
                                                                               --------              --------
               Total expense                                                      2,484                 3,231
                                                                               --------              --------

          Net income (loss) attributable to members                            $    612              $   (884)
                                                                               ========              ========

          Trust's share of net income (loss)                                   $    306              $   (442)
                                                                               ========              ========

          Amount recorded in income statement (2)                              $    321              $   (442)
                                                                               ========              ========


          (1)   Includes $2,950,000 second mortgage held by the Trust.

          (2)   The unamortized excess of the Trust's share of the net equity
                over its investment in the Blue Hen venture that is attributable
                to building and improvements is being amortized over the life of
                the related property. The portion that is attributable to land
                will be recognized upon the disposition of the land.
</TABLE>


          The remaining six ventures contributed $378,000 in equity earnings for
the fiscal year ended September 30, 2005.




<PAGE>



NOTE 4 - ALLOWANCE FOR POSSIBLE LOAN LOSSES

           The Trust did not record any additional allowance provisions for
           possible loan losses nor valuation adjustments on owned real estate
           during the years ended September 30, 2005, 2004 and 2003.

               An analysis of the allowance for possible losses is as follows
(Dollar amounts in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                 Year Ended September 30,
                                                                                 ------------------------

                                                                               2005            2004        2003
                                                                             --------        -------     --------
               <S>                                                            <C>            <C>          <C>

               Balance at beginning of year                                   $   881        $   881      $   881
               Charge-offs                                                       (212)             -            -
                                                                              -------        -------      -------
                Balance at end of year                                        $   669        $   881      $   881
                                                                              =======        ========     =======

</TABLE>


               The allowance for possible losses applies to loans aggregating
               $3,065,000 at September 30, 2005, $4,919,000 at September 30,
               2004 and $5,452,000 at September 30, 2003.


NOTE 5 -    AVAILABLE-FOR-SALE SECURITIES

          The cost of available-for-sale securities at September 30, 2005 was
          $14,950,000. The fair value of these securities was $48,453,000 at
          September 30, 2005. Gross unrealized gains at September 30, 2005 were
          $33,503,000 and are reflected as accumulated other comprehensive
          income on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. There were no
          unrealized losses at September 30, 2005.

          Included in available for sale securities are 1,009,600 shares of
          Entertainment Properties Trust (NYSE:EPR), which have a cost basis of
          $13,262,000 and a fair value at September 30, 2005 of $45,058,000. The
          fair value of the Trust's investment in Entertainment Properties Trust
          at November 30, 2005 was $43,200,000. During the year ended September
          30, 2005, 23,900 shares were sold for a gain of $729,000.


NOTE 6 - DEBT OBLIGATIONS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

          Debt obligations consist of the following (Dollar amounts in
thousands):

                                                                                       September 30,
                                                                                       -------------
                                                                                  2005                 2004
                                                                                  ----                 ----
                    <S>                                                         <C>                  <C>

                    Notes payable - credit facilities                           $ 89,000             $ 43,050
                    Margin account                                                21,932               10,812
                                                                                --------             --------
                      Borrowed funds                                             110,932               53,862

                    Mortgage payable                                               2,542                2,609
                                                                                --------             --------

                    Total debt obligations                                      $113,474             $ 56,471
                                                                                ========             ========



</TABLE>





<PAGE>



          BRT maintains two separate credit facilities with North Fork Bank,
          Valley Bank and Signature Bank. The first facility of $85 million was
          consummated on February 16, 2005 and replaced a $60 million facility
          with North Fork Bank. This facility has a maturity date of February
          16, 2007 and the Trust may extend the term of the facility for two one
          year periods for a fee of $212,500 for each extension. The second
          facility in the amount of $17 million was consummated on August 17,
          2005 and has a maturity date of February 1, 2006. The $85 million
          credit facility was modified to permit the $17 million credit facility
          and to cross default both facilities. Borrowings under both facilities
          are secured by specific receivables and the facilities provide that
          the amount borrowed will not exceed 65% of the collateral pledged.
          Borrowings under the facility bear interest at prime plus 1/2 of 1%.
          At September 30, 2005 we pledged collateral that would permit us to
          borrow the entire $102 million under both facilities of which $89
          million was outstanding.

          The average outstanding balance on the credit facility for the year
          ended September 30, 2005 and September 30, 2004 was $49,847,000 and
          $17,913,000, respectively and the average interest rate paid was 6.61%
          and 4.68%. Interest expense for the year ended September 30, 2005 and
          September 30, 2004 was $3,341,000 and $853,000. The interest rate at
          September 30, 2005 was 7.25%. At November 30, 2005 $62 million was
          outstanding on the credit line.

          In addition to its credit facility, BRT has the ability to borrow
          funds through its two margin accounts. In order to maintain one of the
          accounts an annual fee equal to .3% of the market value of the pledged
          securities which is included in interest expense is paid. At September
          30, 2005 there was an outstanding balance of $21,932,000 on the two
          margin accounts. The weighted average interest rate at September 30,
          2005 was 5.79%. Marketable securities with a fair market value at of
          $48,418,000 were pledged as collateral. The average outstanding
          balance on the margin facilities for the year ended September 30, 2005
          was $16,410,000 and the average interest rate paid was 5.92%. For the
          year ended September 30, 2004 there was an average outstanding balance
          of $10,210,000 at a rate of 4.81%. Interest expense for the year ended
          September 30, 2005 and 2004 was $985,000 and $853,000. At November 30,
          2005 $20,300,000 was outstanding on the margin accounts.

          The mortgage payable was placed on a shopping center in which the
          Trust, through a subsidiary, is a joint venture partner and holds a
          majority interest in a leasehold position. The mortgage, with an
          original balance of $2,850,000 was refinanced with the existing lender
          during the current fiscal year and currently bears interest at a fixed
          rate of 6.25% for the first five years and has a maturity of October
          1, 2011. There is an option to extend the mortgage to October 1, 2016.
          At September 30, 2005 the outstanding balance was $2,542,000.

          Scheduled principal repayments on the mortgage during the initial and
          extended maturity are as follows (Dollar amounts in thousands):

               Years Ending September 30,               Amount

               2006                                     $   71
               2007                                         76
               2008                                         80
               2009                                         86
               2010 and thereafter                       2,229
                                                        ------
                                                        $2,542




<PAGE>



NOTE 7  - INCOME TAXES

          The Trust has elected to be taxed as a real estate investment trust
          ("REIT"), as defined under the Internal Revenue Code. As a REIT, the
          Trust will generally not be subject to Federal income taxes at the
          corporate level if it distributes at least 90% of its REIT taxable
          income, as defined, to its shareholders. There are a number
          organizational and operational requirements the Trust must meet to
          remain a REIT. If the Trust fails to qualify as a REIT in any taxable
          year, its taxable income will be subject to Federal income tax at
          regular corporate tax rates and it may not be able to qualify as a
          REIT for four subsequent tax years. Even if it is qualified as a REIT,
          the Trust is subject to certain state and local income taxes and to
          Federal income and excise taxes on its undistributed taxable income.
          For income tax purposes the Trust reports on a calendar year.

          During the years ended September 30, 2005 and 2004 the Trust recorded
          $417,000 and $480,000 respectively of corporate tax expense which
          included (i) $388,000 and $283,000, respectively, for the payment of
          Federal excise tax which is based on taxable income generated but not
          yet distributed; (ii) $0 and $121,000, respectively, for Federal
          corporate income tax relating to $0 and $340,000 of undistributed
          income from the 2004 and 2003 tax years; and (iii) $29,000 and
          $76,000, respectively, for state and local taxes relating to the 2004
          and 2003 tax years.

          Earnings and profits, which determine the taxability of dividends to
          shareholders, differ from net income reported for financial statement
          purposes due to various items among which are timing differences
          related to depreciation methods and carrying values.

          The taxable income is expected to be approximately $869,000 higher
          than the financial statement income during calendar 2005.

NOTE 8 - SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

          Distributions

          During the year ended September 30, 2005 BRT declared cash
          distributions in the amount of $1.96 per share. It is estimated that
          27% of the distribution or $.53 will be capital gain distributions and
          the remaining $1.43 will be ordinary income.

          Stock Options

          On December 6, 1996, the Board of Trustees adopted the BRT 1996 Stock
          Option Plan (Incentive/Nonstatutory Stock Option Plan), whereby a
          maximum of 450,000 shares of beneficial interest are reserved for
          issuance to the Trust's officers, employees, trustees and consultants
          or advisors to the Trust. Incentive stock options are granted at per
          share amounts at least equal to the fair value at the date of grant,
          whereas for nonstatutory stock options, the exercise price may be any
          amount determined by the Board, but not less than the par value of a
          share. In December 2001, the 1996 stock option plan was amended to
          allow for an additional 250,000 shares to be issued.

          In December 1998 the Board of Directors granted, under the 1996 Stock
          Option Plan options to purchase 180,000 shares of beneficial interest
          at $5.9375 per share to a number of officers, employees, consultants
          and trustees of the Trust. The options are cumulatively exercisable at
          a rate of 25% per annum, commencing after one year (50,000) and two
          years (130,000), and expire five years (50,000) and ten years
          (130,000) after the date of the grant. During the current year no
          options were exercised. At September 30, 2005 options to purchase
          5,000 shares are remaining, all of which are exercisable.

         In December 2000 the Board of Directors granted under the 1996 Stock
         Option Plan options to purchase 165,500 shares of beneficial interest
         at $7.75 per share to a number of officers, employees and consultants
         of the Trust. The options are cumulatively exercisable at a rate of 25%
         per annum, commencing after two years and expire ten years after grant
         date. During the current year 40,688 of the options were exercised and
         2,500 were cancelled. At September 30, 2005 options to purchase 48,436
         shares are remaining, 9,561 of which are exercisable.

         In December 2001 the Board of Directors granted, under the 1996 Stock
         Option Plan, options to purchase 89,000 shares of beneficial interest
         at $10.45 per share to a number of officers, employees and consultants
         of the Trust. The options are cumulatively exercisable at a rate of 25%
         per annum, commencing after one year and expiring ten years after grant
         date. During the current year 21,250 of the options were exercised and
         1,500 were cancelled. At September 30, 2005 options to purchase 29,750
         shares are remaining, 9,000 of which are exercisable.

         In December 2002, the FASB issued Statement No. 148 to amend
         alternative methods of transition for a voluntary change to the fair
         value based method of accounting for stock-based employee compensation.
         In addition, Statement No. 148 amends the disclosures in both annual
         and interim financial statements about the method of accounting used on
         reported results. However, the Company has continued to account for
         options in accordance with the provision of APB Opinion No. 25,
         "Accounting For Stock Issues to Employees" and related interpretations.
         Accordingly, no compensation expense has been recognized for stock
         option plans. Pro forma information regarding net income and earnings
         per share has been determined as if the Trust had accounted for its
         employee stock options under the fair value method. The fair value for
         these options was estimated at the date of the grant using the
         Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following weighted-average
         assumptions:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                 December 2001       December 2000       December 1998         December 1998
                                  89,000 Shares     165,000 Shares        50,000 Shares        130,000 Shares
                                ---------------     --------------        -------------        --------------
         <S>                          <C>                 <C>                 <C>                   <C>

         Risk Free Interest Rate      3.91%               4.76%               4.38%                 4.62%
         Dividend Yield                8.3%               4.36%                  0%                    0%
         Volatility Factor            .210                .205                .208                  .208
         Expected Life (Years)           5                   6                   5                     6

</TABLE>

         The Black-Scholes option valuation model was developed for use in
         estimating the fair value of traded options which have no vesting
         restrictions and are fully transferable. In addition, option valuation
         models require the input of highly subjective assumptions including
         expected stock price volatility. Because the Trust's employee stock
         options have characteristics significantly different from those of
         traded options, and changes in the subjective input assumptions can
         materially affect the fair value estimate, management believes the
         existing models do not necessarily provide a reliable single measure of
         the fair value of its employee stock options.




<PAGE>


         Pro forma net income and earnings per share calculated using the
         Black-Scholes option valuation model is as follows (Dollar amounts in
         thousands):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                            Year Ended September 30,
                                                                            -------------------------
                                                                 2005                2004                2003
                                                                 ----                ----                ----
                    <S>                                         <C>                 <C>                 <C>

                    Net income to common
                      shareholders as reported                  $16,214             $12,002             $13,683

                    Less: Total stock-based
                      employee compensation
                      expense determined under
                      fair value based methods
                      for all awards                                 64                 120                 126

                    Pro forma net income                        $16,150             $11,882             $13,557

                    Pro forma earnings per share of
                      beneficial interest:
                    Basic                                          2.08                1.56                1.82
                    Diluted                                        2.07                1.54                1.79

</TABLE>

<TABLE>

     Changes in the number of shares under all option arrangements are
summarized as follows:

                                                                                           Year Ended September 30,

                                                                               2005                2004                2003
                                                                               ----                ----                ----
         <S>                                                              <C>                 <C>                 <C>

         Outstanding at beginning of period                                   149,124            240,062              352,250
         Cancelled                                                              4,000                  -                    -
         Exercised                                                             61,938             90,938              112,188
         Outstanding at end of period                                          83,186            149,124              240,062
         Exercisable at end of period                                          23,561             21,874               19,938
         Option prices per share outstanding                              $5.9375-$10.45      $5.9375-$10.45      $5.9375-$10.45

</TABLE>

         As of September 30, 2005 the outstanding options had a weighted average
         remaining contractual life of approximately 5.41 years and a weighted
         average exercise price of $8.61.

         Restricted Shares

         On March 24, 2003 the Board of Trustees adopted the BRT Incentive Plan,
         whereby a maximum of 350,000 shares of beneficial interest may be
         issued in the form of options or restricted shares to the Trust's
         officers, employees, trustees and consultants.

         During the year ended September 30, 2005 and September 30, 2004 the
         Trust issued 36,950 and 30,230 restricted shares under the Plan,
         respectively. The shares vest five years from the date of issuance and
         under certain circumstances may vest earlier. For accounting purposes,
         the restricted stock is not included in the outstanding shares shown on
         the balance sheet until they vest. The Trust records compensation
         expense under APB 25 over the vesting period, measuring the
         compensation cost based on the market value of the shares on the date
         of grant. For the year ended September 30, 2005 and 2004, the Trust
         recognized $293,000 and $213,000 of compensation expense. Included in
         the 2004 expense is $40,000 related to the early vesting of 1,750
         shares.
<PAGE>

                 Changes in number of shares under the 2003 BRT Incentive Plan
         is shown below:

                                                      Years Ended September 30,

                                                     2005               2004
                                                     ----               ----
         Outstanding at beginning of period         57,080             28,800
         Issued                                     36,950             30,230
         Cancelled                                  (7,720)              (200)
         Vested                                         -              (1,750)
                                                    ------             ------
         Outstanding at the end of period           86,310             57,080



         Earnings Per Share

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

         The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted
earnings per share (Dollar amounts in thousands):

                                                                                 2005              2004              2003
                                                                                 ----              ----              ----
            <S>                                                             <C>                 <C>              <C>

            Numerator for basic and diluted
             earnings per share:
            Net income                                                         $16,214            $12,002          $13,683
Denominator:

            Denominator for basic earnings
             per share -weighted average shares                              7,747,804          7,617,116        7,470,608
            Effect of dilutive securities:
            Employee stock options                                              63,679            117,248          124,826
                                                                                ------            -------          -------

            Denominator for diluted earnings
             per share - adjusted weighted average
             shares and assumed conversions                                  7,811,483          7,734,364        7,595,434

            Basic earnings per share                                            $ 2.09             $ 1.58           $ 1.83
            Diluted earnings per share                                          $ 2.08             $ 1.55           $ 1.80

</TABLE>

         Treasury Shares

         During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2005 and September 30, 2004
no shares were purchased by the Trust.

         During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2005, 91,168 treasury shares
         were issued or reserved in connection with the exercise of stock
         options and restricted stock issuance under the Trust's plans. In the
         fiscal year ended September 30, 2004, the Trust issued or reserved
         92,688 Treasury shares in connection with the exercise of stock options
         under the Trust's existing stock option plan. As of September 30, 2005
         the Trust owns 1,226,402 Treasury shares of beneficial interest at an
         aggregate cost of $10,566,000.


<PAGE>



NOTE 9 -  ADVISOR'S COMPENSATION AND CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS

         Certain of the Trust's officers and trustees are also officers,
         directors and the shareholder of, REIT Management Corp. ("REIT"), to
         which the Trust pays advisory fees for administrative services and
         investment advice. The agreement, which expires on December 31, 2008,
         provides that directors and officers of REIT may serve as trustees,
         officers and employees of the Trust, but shall not be compensated for
         services rendered in such latter capacities. Advisory fees are charged
         to operations at a rate of 1% on real estate loans and 1/2 of 1% on
         other invested assets. Advisory fees amounted to $1,862,000, $1,444,000
         and $875,000 for the years ended September 30, 2005, 2004, and 2003,
         respectively. At September 30, 2005 $123,000 remains unpaid and is
         included in accounts payable on the consolidated balance sheet.

         Borrowers pay fees directly to REIT based on loans originate.  These
         fees amounted to $2,697,000, $2,029,000 and $601,000 for the years
         ended September 30, 2005, 2004 and 2003 respectively.

         Management of certain properties for the Trust is provided by Majestic
         Property Management Corp., a corporation in which our chairman is the
         sole shareholder, under renewable year-to-year agreements. Management
         fees, legal fees and leasing, selling and financing commissions
         incurred and reimbursed or owed to Majestic Property Management Corp.,
         which includes fees paid for the management of joint venture properties
         for the years ended September 30, 2005, 2004 and 2003 aggregated
         $387,000, $400,000 and $310,000, respectively.

         The Chairman of the Board of Trustees of the Trust holds a similar
         position in One Liberty Properties, Inc. a related party and is an
         executive officer and sole shareholder of Georgetown Partners Inc., the
         managing general partner of Gould Investors L.P. and the sole member of
         Gould General LLC, a general partner of Gould Investors L.P., a related
         party. During the years ended September 30, 2005, 2004 and 2003,
         allocated general and administrative expenses charged to the Trust by
         Gould Investors L.P pursuant to a Shared Services Agreement, aggregated
         $708,000, $754,000 and $656,000, respectively. At September 30, 2005
         $82,000 remains unpaid and is included in accounts payable and accrued
         liability on the consolidated balance sheet.

NOTE 10 - COMMITMENT

         The Trust maintains a non-contributory defined contribution pension
         plan covering eligible employees and officers. Contributions by the
         Trust are made through a money purchase plan, based upon a percent of
         qualified employees' total salary as defined. Pension expense
         approximated $202,000, $180,000 and $168,000 during the years ended
         September 30, 2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively. At September 30, 2005
         $155,000 remains unpaid and is included in Accounts payable and accrued
         liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet.





<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


NOTE 11 - QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA  (Unaudited)

                                                1st Quarter       2nd Quarter     3rd Quarter      4th Quarter     Total
                                                 Oct.-Dec.        Jan.-March      April-June       July-Sept.     For Year
                                                ---------         ----------      ----------       -------------- --------

                                                                                  2005
                                                --------------------------------------------------------------------------

<S>                                                <C>              <C>             <C>             <C>           <C>

Revenues                                           $ 5,806          $ 5,791         $ 6,100         $ 8,018       $25,715
   Income before equity in earnings
      of unconsolidated real estate
      ventures, gain on sale of
      available-for-sale securities,
      minority interest and
      discontinued operations                        3,429            3,042           3,013           3,895        13,379
   Discontinued operations                             109              113             105           1,583         1,910
 Net income                                          4,311            3,039           3,187           5,677        16,214

 Income per beneficial share
      Continuing operations                            .55              .38             .40             .53          1.84
      Discontinued operations                          .01              .01             .01             .20           .25
                                                 --------------------------------------------------------------------------
        Basic earnings per share                   $   .56          $   .39         $   .41         $   .73       $  2.09 (a)



                                                                                  2004
                                                 --------------------------------------------------------------------------

Revenues                                           $ 3,476          $ 4,348         $ 4,606         $ 5,231       $17,661
   Income before equity in earnings
      of unconsolidated real estate
      ventures, gain on sale of
      available-for-sale securities,
      minority interest and
      discontinued operations                        1,869            2,249            1,590          2,839         8,547
   Discontinued operations                             673               97              693            192         1,655
Net income                                           3,294            3,251            2,309          3,148        12,002

 Income per beneficial share
      Continuing operations                            .35              .42              .21            .39          1.36
      Discontinued operations                          .09              .01              .09            .02           .22
                                                --------------------------------------------------------------------------
          Basic earnings per share                 $   .44           $  .43          $   .30        $   .41       $  1.58 (a)


Per share earnings represent basic earnings per beneficial share.

  (a)     Calculated on weighted average shares outstanding for the fiscal year.
          May not foot due to rounding.
</TABLE>



<PAGE>

<TABLE>




                                                                BRT REALTY TRUST
                                       SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE PROPERTIES AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION
                                                               SEPTEMBER 30, 2005
                                                          (Dollar amounts in thousands)


                                                                         Gross Amount At Which Carried At
                              Initial Cost To Company                         September 30, 2005                       Depreciation
                                     Buildings        Costs Capitalized         Buildings        Accum.  Date Of        Life For
                      Encum-          And       Subsequent to Acquisition          And           Amorti- Constru- Date Latest Income
Description          brances Land Improvements Improvements Carrying Costs Land Improvements Total zation  tion  Acquired Statement
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                   <C>    <C>     <C>         <C>          <C>          <C>    <C>        <C>    <C>      <C>  <C>    <C>

Residential
   New York, New York      -     -        -      $  21            -           -   $   21     $  21       -
   Charlotte,  NC          - $ 501   $1,945        251            -        $501    2,196     2,697   $  54        Jan.05 27.5 years
Commercial
   Yonkers, New York  $2,542     -    4,000         12            -           -    4,012     4,012     559    -   Aug-00   39 Years
                      ------ --------------      ------------------        -----------------------   -----

TOTAL                 $2,542  $501   $5,945      $ 284         $  -        $501   $6,229    $6,730   $ 613
                      ======  ==============     ==================         =======================   ====
                                                                                              (a)      (b)   (c)
</TABLE>







<PAGE>


                                BRT REALTY TRUST
       SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE PROPERTIES AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION
                               SEPTEMBER 30, 2005
                          (Dollar amounts in thousands)

Notes to the schedule:


(a)      Total real estate properties                                   $  6,730
           Less: Accumulated depreciation and
                   amortization                                              613
                                                                       ---------


         Net real estate properties                                     $  6,117
                                                                        ========

(b)      Amortization of the Trust's leasehold interests is over the shorter of
         estimated useful life or the term of the respective land lease.

(c)      Information not readily obtainable.


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

         A reconciliation of real estate properties is as follows:


                                                           Year Ended September 30,
                                                          ------------------------
                                                       2005           2004          2003
                                                       ----           ----          ----
                <S>                                  <C>            <C>            <C>

                Balance at beginning of year         $ 5,887        $ 6,136        $ 6,248
                Additions:
                Acquisitions                           3,994              -              -
                Capitalization of expenses               457             86            176
                                                     -------        -------        -------

                                                      10,338          6,222          6,424
                                                     -------        -------        -------
                Deductions:
                Sales/conveyances                      3,960             97             54
                Depreciation/amortization                261            238            234
                                                     -------        -------        -------
                                                       4,221            335            288
                                                     -------        -------        -------
                Balance at end of year               $ 6,117        $ 5,887        $ 6,136
                                                     =======        =======        =======

                The aggregate cost of investments in real estate assets for
federal income tax purposes approximates book value.

</TABLE>






<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                                                         BRT REALTY TRUST
                                                            SCHEDULE IV - MORTGAGE LOANS ON REAL ESTATE
                                                                        SEPTEMBER 30, 2005
                                                                   (Dollar amounts in thousands)

                                                            FINAL
                                    # OF     INTEREST      MATURITY
          DESCRIPTION               LOANS      RATE          DATE       PERIODIC PAYMENT TERMS
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 <S>                                 <C>     <C>             <C>       <C>

 First mortgage loans:
 Long term:


  Miscellaneous
   $0-$099                             1

 Short term:
  Land, Daytona Beach, FL              1      Prime+5.25%    Aug-06     Interest monthly, principal at maturity
  Condominium Development,
     Fort Meyers, FL                   1      Prime+6.00%    Aug-06     Interest monthly, principal at maturity
  Townhouse, New York, NY              1      Prime+5.00%    June-06    Interest monthly, principal at maturity
  Apartments, Tampa,  FL               1      Prime+5.00%    Feb-06     Interest monthly, principal at maturity
  Apartments, Nashville, TN            1      Prime+5.00%    Dec-05     Interest monthly, principal at maturity
  Retail, New York, NY                 1      Prime+8.25%    Feb-06     Interest monthly, principal at maturity
  Multi-family, Sunny Isles, FL        1      Prime+5.00%    Sept-06    Interest monthly, principal at maturity
  Multi-family, Titusville, FL         1      Prime+5.00%    Oct-06     Interest monthly, principal at maturity
  Multi-family,  Montgomery, AL        1      Prime+5.00%    Apr-06     Interest monthly, principal at maturity
  Land, Brooklyn, NY                   1      Prime+5.50%    Apr-06     Interest monthly, principal at maturity
  Multi-family, Peru, IN               1      Prime+5.50%    Dec-05     Interest monthly, principal at maturity
  Apartments, Nashville, TN            1      Prime+5.00%    Mar-06     Interest monthly, principal at maturity
  Apartments, Syracuse, NY             1      Prime+7.00%    Feb-06     Interest monthly, principal at maturity
  Apartments, Little Rock, AK          1      Prime+5.00%    July-06    Interest monthly, principal at maturity
  Apartments, Ft. Wayne, IN            1      Prime+5.00%    Oct-06     Interest monthly, principal at maturity
  Condominium Units,
  Ft.Lauderdale, FL                    1      Prime+5.50%    Sept-06    Interest monthly, principal at maturity
Miscellaneous
  $0-$999                              6
  $1,000-$1,999                        4
  $2,000-$2,999                        4
  $3,000-$3,999                        4
  $4,000-$4,999                        1

Junior mortgage loans
  and junior participations:

Short Term:
Apartments, Southfield, MI             1      Prime+5.00%    Feb-06     Interest monthly, principal at maturity
Apartments, Atlanta, GA                1      11.00%         June-08    Interest monthly, principal at maturity
Retail, New York, NY                   1      Prime+8.25%    Oct-05     Interest monthly, principal at maturity

Miscellaneous
  $0-$999                              2

                                      41
                                   =====

</TABLE>

<PAGE>



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                           -CONTINUED-

                                                                         BRT REALTY TRUST
                                                            SCHEDULE IV - MORTGAGE LOANS ON REAL ESTATE
                                                                        SEPTEMBER 30, 2005
                                                                   (Dollar amounts in thousands)

                                                                                              PRINCIPAL AMOUNT
                                                                             CARRYING         OF LOANS SUBJECT
                                                           FACE AMOUNT        AMOUNT            TO DELINQUENT
          DESCRIPTION                        PRIOR LIENS   OF MORTGAGES    OF MORTGAGES(b)  PRINCIPAL OR INTEREST
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  <S>                                        <C>             <C>              <C>                <C>

  First mortgage loans:
  Long term:


  Miscellaneous
   $0-$099                                   $     -         $    31          $    31            $    -

Short term:
  Land, Daytona Beach, FL                          -          16,000           16,000                 -
  Condominium Development,
     Fort Meyers, FL                               -          13,350           13,350                 -
  Townhouse, New York, NY                          -          13,300           13,300                 -
  Apartments, Tampa,  FL                           -          12,750           12,750                 -
  Apartments, Nashville, TN                        -          11,500           11,500                 -
  Retail, New York, NY                             -          11,255           11,255                 -
  Multi-family, Sunny Isles, FL                    -          10,600           10,600                 -
  Multi-family, Titusville, FL                     -           8,200            8,200                 -
  Multi-family,  Montgomery, AL                    -           7,109            7,109                 -
  Land, Brooklyn, NY                               -           6,753            6,753                 -
  Multi-family, Peru, IN                           -           6,507            6,507                 -
  Apartments, Nashville, TN                        -           6,300            6,300                 -
  Apartments, Syracuse, NY                         -           5,963            5,963                 -
  Apartments, Little Rock, AK                      -           5,875            5,875                 -
  Apartments, Ft. Wayne, IN                        -           5,590            5,590                 -
  Condominium Units,
     Ft. Lauderdale, FL                            -           4,858            4,858                 -
Miscellaneous
  $0-$999                                          -           2,011            2,011               170
  $1,000-$1,999                                    -           5,824            5,155             1,447
  $2,000-$2,999                                    -          10,602           10,602                 -
  $3,000-$3,999                                    -          13,260           13,260                 -
  $4,000-$4,999                                    -           4,040            4,040                 -

Junior mortgage loans
  and junior participations:

Short Term:
Apartments, Southfield, MI                    19,918           6,169            6,169                 -
Apartments, Atlanta, GA                       15,606           2,950            2,950                 -
Retail, New York, NY                           1,139           1,510            1,510                 -

Miscellaneous
  $0-$999                                      7,689           1,322            1,322
                                             ------------------------------------------------------------------

                                             $44,352        $193,629         $192,960            $1,617
                                             ==================================================================




</TABLE>






<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                BRT REALTY TRUST
                   SCHEDULE IV - MORTGAGE LOANS ON REAL ESTATE
                               SEPTEMBER 30, 2005
                          (Dollar amounts in thousands)

Notes to the schedule:

(a) The following summary reconciles mortgages receivable at their carrying
values:

                                                                    Year Ended September 30,
                                                                    -------------------------
                                                                 2005            2004          2003
                                                              ----------      ---------     ---------
   <S>                                                         <C>             <C>          <C>

   Balance at beginning of year                                $134,444        $ 65,997     $ 83,646
   Additions:
   Advances under real estate loans                             259,346        231,588        58,716
                                                               --------       --------      --------

                                                                393,790        297,585       142,362
                                                               --------        -------      --------
   Deductions:
   Collections of principal                                     159,909         94,511        76,365
   Sale of participation interests                               38,475         68,630             -
   Transfer to real estate upon foreclosure                       2,446              -             -
   Sale of loans                                                      -              -         4,311
                                                               --------       --------      --------
                                                                200,830        163,141        76,365
                                                               --------       --------      --------

   Balance at end of year                                      $192,960       $134,444      $ 65,997
                                                               ========       ========      ========


   (b)  Carry amount of mortgages in 2004 and are net of a direct write off in
        the amount of $365 that was recognized in a prior year and allowances
        for loan losses in the amount of $669 in 2005 and $881 in years 2004 and
        2003.

  (c)   The aggregate cost of investments in mortgage loans is the same for
        financial reporting purposes and Federal income tax purposes.

</TABLE>

















                                                                      <PAGE>




                                    EXHIBIT 3.1
                           THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED
                              DECLARATION OF TRUST

                                BRT REALTY TRUST

                                TABLE OF CONTENTS

ARTICLE I- NAME, PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS AND TITLE TO
PROPERTY                                                                   2
1.1      Name                                                              2
1.2      Location                                                          2
1.3      Nature of Trust                                                   2
1.4      Definitions                                                       2

ARTICLE II - TRUSTEES                                                      6
2.1      Number and Qualification                                          6
2.2      Term and Election                                                 7
2.3      Resignation and Removal                                           7
2.4      Vacancies                                                         8
2.5      Meetings                                                          8
2.6      Executive and Investment Committees                               9
2.7      Officers                                                          9
2.8      By-Laws                                                           9
2.9      Trustees May Own Shares                                           9

ARTICLE III-POWERS OF THE TRUSTEES                                         9
3.1      General                                                           9
3.2      Investments                                                      10
3.3      Appraisals                                                       10
3.4      Legal Title                                                      10
3.5      Disposition, Renting, Etc. of Assets                             11
3.6      Financing; Issuance of Securities; Facsimiles                    11
3.7      Taxes                                                            12
3.8      Right as Holder of Mortgages and Securities                      12
3.9      Collection                                                       13
3.10     Expenses                                                         13
3.11     Guaranties                                                       13
3.12     Deposits                                                         13
3.13     Allocation                                                       14
3.14     Valuation                                                        14
3.15     Fiscal Year                                                      14
3.16     FHA Qualification                                                14
3.17     Power to Contract                                                14
3.18     Organization of Business Entities                                15
3.19     Associations                                                     15
3.20     Insurance                                                        15
3.21     Pension and Other Plans                                          16
3.22     Seal                                                             16
3.23     Charitable Contributions                                         16
3.24     Indemnification                                                  16
3.25     Remedies                                                         16
3.26     Trustees May Appoint Advisor                                     16
3.27     Independence of Trustees                                         17
3.28     Prohibition Against Self-Dealing and Misuse of Trust Assets      17
3.29     Further Powers                                                   20
3.30     Transfer of Advisory Contract                                    20
3.31     Qualification as "Real Estate Investment Trust"                  20

ARTICLE IV-INVESTMENT POLICIES                                            21
4.1      Statement of Investment Policy                                   21
4.2      Uninvested Assets                                                21
4.3      Restrictions                                                     22

ARTICLE V-LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY                                        23
5.1      Liability to Third Persons                                       23
5.2      Liability to Trust of to Shareholders                            23
5.3      Indemnification                                                  23
5.4      Surety Bonds                                                     24
5.5      Apparent Authority                                               25
5.6      Express Exculpatory Clauses in Instruments                       25
5.7      Reliance on Experts, Etc                                         25

ARTICLE VI-SHARES OF BENEFICIAL INTEREST                                  25
6.1      Description of Shares                                            25
6.2      Shares Represent Beneficial Interest or Preferred Interest       26
6.3      Certificates and Transfer                                        26
6.4      Issuance of Shares and Fractional Shares                         26
6.5      Shareholder Register                                             27
6.6      Transfer Agents and Registers                                    27
6.7      Method of Transfer                                               27
6.8      Transfers by Operation of Law                                    28
6.9      Form of Ownership of Shares                                      28
6.10     Limitation of Trustees' Duty to Inquire                          28
6.11     Replacement of Lost Certificates                                 28
6.12     Dividends, Distributions and Retained Earnings                   29
6.13     Statement of Source of Distributed Funds                         29
6.14     Shareholders Notices                                             29
6.15     Purchase of Trust Shares                                         29
6.16     Trustees May Purchase or Sell Shares                             30
6.17     Information from Holders of Securities of the Trust              30
6.18     Warrants                                                         30
6.19     No Pre-emptive Rights                                            30
6.20     Redemption and Stop Transfers for Tax Purposes                   30
6.21     Issuance of Units                                                31

ARTICLE VII-RIGHTS OF SHAREHOLDERS                                        31
7.1      Limits of Shareholder Interest                                   31
7.2      Death of Shareholder                                             32
7.3      Meetings of Shareholders                                         32
7.4      Notice of Meetings                                               33
7.5      Majority for Quorum                                              33
7.6      Voting Rights of Shareholders                                    33
7.7      Record Date for Meetings                                         34
7.8      Proxies                                                          34
7.9      Reports                                                          34
7.10     Inspection of Records                                            35

ARTICLE VIII-AMENDMENT OR TERMINATION OF TRUST                            35
8.1      Amendment or Termination                                         35
8.2      Power to Effect Reorganization                                   36
8.3      Compliance with Internal Revenue Code                            36
8.4      Trustees May Terminate Prior to Effective Date                   37

ARTICLE IX-MISCELLANEOUS                                                  37
9.1      Recording                                                        37
9.2      Counterparts                                                     38
9.3      Reliance by Third Parties                                        38
9.4      Governing Law                                                    38
9.5      Construction of Trust Instrument                                 38

ARTICLE X-DURATION OF TRUST                                               39
10.1     Duration                                                         39



<PAGE>


                                  THIRD AMENDED
                                  AND RESTATED
                              DECLARATION OF TRUST
                                       OF
                                BRT REALTY TRUST


         This Third Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust of BRT Realty
Trust, a Massachusetts business trust (the "Trust"), dated as of October 5,
2005, is made by a majority of the Trustees of the Trust, having a usual place
of business at 60 Cutter Mill Road, Suite 303, Great Neck, New York 11021, and
filed in the office of the Secretary of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and in
the office of the Clerk of the City of Boston, has been restated in its entirety
by the affirmative vote of a majority of the Trustees pursuant to Section 9.1 of
the Second Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust, as amended, as follows:

         WHEREAS, the Trust was organized as a Massachusetts business trust
under the name "Berg Enterprises Realty Group" with the filing of its
Declaration of Trust, dated June 16, 1972, in the office of the Secretary of the
Commonwealth of Massachusetts and in the office of the Clerk of the City of
Boston;

         WHEREAS, a First Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust, dated
November 6, 1972, was filed in the office of the Secretary of the Commonwealth
of Massachusetts;

         WHEREAS, the Trust changed its name to BRT Realty Trust by the filing
of a Certificate of Amendment to Declaration of Trust, dated June 17, 1975, in
the office of the Secretary of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts;

         WHEREAS, a Second Amended Declaration of Trust, dated January 27, 1984,
was filed in the office of the Secretary of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts;

         WHEREAS, amendments to the Second Amended and Restated Declaration of
Trust, dated August 20, 1986, March 2, 1987, and March 2, 1988, respectively,
and a Certificate of Designations, dated July 7, 1993 (which designated and
authorized a series of preferred stock of the Trust that has been subsequently
canceled pursuant to its terms), were filed in the office of the Secretary of
the Commonwealth of Massachusetts;

         WHEREAS, the Trustees desires to restate the Second Amended and
Restated Declaration of Trust, as amended, in its entirety.

         NOW, THEREFORE, the Second Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust is
hereby restated in its entirety as follows:


<PAGE>


                                    ARTICLE I

             NAME, PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS AND TITLE TO PROPERTY

Section 1.1 Name. The name of the trust created by this Declaration of Trust is
BRT Realty Trust (hereinafter called the "Trust") and so far as may be
practicable the Trustees shall conduct the Trust's activities, execute all
documents and be sued under that name, which name (and the word "Trust" wherever
used in this Declaration of Trust, except where the context otherwise requires)
shall refer to the Trustees in their capacity as Trustees, and not individually
or personally, and shall not refer to the officers, agents, employees, or
Shareholders of the Trust or of such Trustees. Should the Trustees determine
that the use of such name is not practicable, legal or convenient, they may use
such other designation or they may adopt such other name for the Trust as they
deem proper and the Trustees may hold property and conduct the Trust's
activities under such designation or name.

Section 1.2 Location. The principal place of business shall be in Great Neck,
New York, 60 Cutter Mill Road, Suite 303, Great Neck, New York 11021, at such
address as the Trustees may from time to time designate; however, the Trustees
may change the principal place of business to any other location as they in
their discretion determine appropriate. The Trust may have such other offices or
places of business as the Trustees may from time to time determine.

Section 1.3 Natures of Trust. The Trust shall be of the type commonly termed a
Massachusetts business trust. The Trust is not intended to be, shall not be
deemed to be, and shall not be treated as, a general partnership, limited
partnership, joint venture, corporation or joint stock company, but nothing
herein shall preclude the Trust from being taxable as an association under the
REIT Provisions of the Internal Revenue Code (as hereinafter defined). The
Shareholders shall be beneficiaries and their relationship to the Trustees shall
be solely in-that capacity in accordance with the rights conferred upon them
hereunder. The Trust may, but is not required to, conduct business in a manner
intended to qualify as a "real estate investment trust" as that term is defined
in the REIT Provisions of the Internal Revenue Code and this Declaration of
Trust, and all actions of the Trustees hereunder shall be construed in
accordance with such intent.

Section 1.4 Definitions. As used in this Declaration of Trust, the following
terms shall have the following meanings unless the context hereof otherwise
requires:

         "Advisor" shall mean any Person appointed, employed or contracted with
by the Trustees pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.26 hereof.

         "Affiliate" shall mean as to any corporation, partnership or trust, any
Person who (a) holds beneficially, directly or indirectly, 1% or more of the
outstanding capital stock, shares or equity interests of such corporation,
partnership or trust or (b) is an officer, director, employee, general partner
or trustee of such corporation, partnership or trust or of any Person which
controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such corporation,
partnership or trust, or (c) directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by,
or is under common control with, such corporation, partnership or trust.

         "Appraisal" shall mean a determination of the fair market value, as of
the date of the Appraisal, of Real Property in its existing state or in a state
to be created, by any bank, insurance company or other Person which makes
appraisals in connection with its lending, brokerage or servicing activities
(whether or not an Affiliate of the Advisor), or by a disinterested Person
having no economic interest in the Real Property, provided such Person is, in
the sole judgment of the Trustees, properly qualified to make such a
determination.

         "Certificates of Deposit" shall mean evidence of deposits in, or
obligations of, banking institutions and savings institutions which are members
of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or of the Federal Home Loan Bank
System.

         "Construction Loans" shall mean Mortgage Loans made to finance the
construction of buildings and other improvements on land and may include the
financing of all or part of the cost of the acquisition, of such land (including
leaseholds therein).

         "Conventional Loans" shall mean Mortgage Loans (which may be
Construction, Development or Permanent Loans) which are not guaranteed by FHA or
VA.

         "Declaration of Trust" shall mean this Declaration of Trust as amended,
restated or modified from time to time. References in this Declaration of Trust
to "Declaration" "hereof", "herein" and "hereunder" shall be deemed to refer to
the Declaration of Trust and shall not be limited to the particular text,
article or section in which such words appear.

         "Development Loans" shall mean Mortgage Loans made to finance the
development of land into a site or sites suitable for the construction of
improvements thereon or suitable for other residential, recreational,
commercial, industrial or public uses and may include the financing of all or
part of the cost of the acquisition of such land (including leaseholds therein).

         "Equity Investments in Real Property" shall mean investments in the
ownership of, or participations in the ownership of, Real Property including the
development thereof and any interest therein other than Mortgage Loans or any
type of interest in any corporation or other entity principally involved in
owning, developing, improving, financing, operating or managing Real Property.

         "Equity Securities" shall mean Shares and other Securities of the Trust
convertible at any time into shares with or without the payment of additional
consideration.

         "FHA" shall mean the Federal Housing Administration and any successor
thereto.

         "FHA Loans" shall mean loans guaranteed by the FHA.

         "First Mortgage" shall mean a Mortgage which takes priority or
precedence over all other charges or encumbrances upon Real Property, other than
a leasehold interest therein, and which must be satisfied before such other
charges are entitled to participate in the proceeds of any sale or other
disposition of such Real Property. However, such priority shall not be deemed to
be abrogated by liens for taxes, assessments which are not due or remain payable
without penalty, contracts and leases acceptable to the Trust (other than
contracts for repayment of borrowed monies) mechanics' and material men's liens
and other similar liens for work performed and materials furnished for the
improvement of real estate which are not in default or are in good faith being
contested, and other claims normally deemed in the same jurisdiction in which
the Real Property is located to abrogate the priority of a first mortgage.

         "First Mortgage Loans" shall mean Mortgage Loans secured or
collateralized by First Mortgages.

         "Fiscal Year" shall mean any period for which an income tax return is
submitted to the Internal Revenue Service and which is treated by the Internal
Revenue Service as a reporting period.

         "Gap Loans" shall mean Junior Mortgage Loans made or acquired by the
Trust to finance the difference between the minimum amount which a permanent
lender has agreed to fund and the maximum amount which such permanent lender
would fund if certain occupancy, rental or other requirements are met.

         "Government Securities" shall mean Securities which are obligations of,
or guaranteed by, the United States Government, any State or Territory of the
United States of America, or any agency or political subdivision thereof,
including, without limitation, all Government Securities from time to time
constituting qualified real estate investment trust assets under the Internal
Revenue Code.

         "Junior Mortgage" shall mean a Mortgage which (1) has the same priority
of precedence over all other charges or encumbrances upon Real Property as that
required for a First Mortgage except that it is subject to the priority of one
or more other Mortgages and (2) must be satisfied before such other charges or
encumbrances (other than prior Mortgages) are entitled to participate in the
proceeds of any sale or other disposition of such Real Property.

         "Junior Mortgage Loans" shall mean Mortgage Loans secured or
collateralized by Junior Mortgages.

         "Long-Term" in relation to loans shall mean loans having a maturity
(disregarding sinking fund or optional prepayment provisions prior to the
maturity date of such loan) of at least 10 years from the date of original
issue.

         "Medium Term" in relation to loans shall mean loans having a maturity
(disregarding sinking fund or optional prepayment provisions prior to the
maturity date of such loan) of not less than 5 years nor more than 10 years from
the date of original issue.

         "Mortgage Loans" shall mean loans evidenced by notes, debentures, bonds
and other evidences of indebtedness or obligations, which are negotiable or
non-negotiable and which are secured or collateralized by Mortgages.

         "Mortgages" shall mean mortgages, deeds of trust or other security
interests in Real Property or on rights or interests, including leasehold
interests, in Real Property.

         "Non-Recourse Indebtedness" shall mean indebtedness of the Trust
incurred in connection with the acquisition or financing of any asset wherein
the liability of the Trust is limited to the asset acquired or financed and
income and proceeds attributable thereto and which does not-- represent a
general obligation of the Trust.

         "Permanent Takeout" shall mean a commitment by a lender of substantial
financial standing to purchase the Trust's Construction Loan no later than the
expiration of the term thereof or to provide a permanent loan no later than the
expiration of the term of the Trust's Construction Loan, the proceeds of which
permanent loan shall be sufficient to reimburse the Trust for its Construction
Loan.

         "Person" shall mean and include individuals, corporations, limited
partnerships, general partnerships, joint stock companies or associations, joint
ventures, associations, companies, trusts, banks, trust companies, land trusts,
business trusts, or other organizations whether or not legal entities, and
governments and agencies and political subdivisions thereof.

         "Commercial Paper" shall mean indebtedness of the Trust evidenced by
unsecured promissory notes maturing not more than 270 days after the date of
issue which arises out of a current transaction or the proceeds of which have
been or are to be used for current transactions.

         "Real Property" shall mean land, rights in land, interests (including.
without limitation, air rights and leasehold interests as lessee or lessor), and
buildings, structures, improvements, furniture and fixtures located on or used
in connection with land and rights in land or interests therein, but not
including Mortgages, Mortgage Loans or interests therein.

         "REIT Provisions of the Internal Revenue Code" shall mean Sections 856
through 858 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1954, as now enacted or hereafter
amended, or successor statutes and regulations and rulings promulgated
thereunder, provided, however, that any such statute, regulation or ruling
enacted or promulgated after the date hereof which is by its terms applicable to
real estate investment trusts in existence on the date hereof only upon the
election of, or failure to elect otherwise by such trust, shall be applicable to
this Trust only if this Trust shall so elect or fail to elect otherwise in
accordance with the terms thereof.


         "Securities" shall mean any stock, shares, voting trust certificates,
bonds, debentures, notes, or other evidences of indebtedness, secured or
unsecured, convertible, subordinated or otherwise or in general any instruments
commonly known as "securities" or any certificates of interest, shares or
participations in temporary or interim certificates for, guarantees of or any
warrant or right to subscribe to, purchase or acquire any of the foregoing.

         "Securities of the Trust" shall mean any Securities issued by the
Trust.

         "Shareholders" shall mean as of any particular time all holders of
record of outstanding Shares at such time.

         "Shares" shall mean the shares of beneficial interest and shares of
preferred stock of the Trust, as the case may be.

         "Short-Term" in relation to loans shall mean loans other than Long-Term
and Medium-Term loans.

         "Total Assets of the Trust" shall mean the aggregate value of all of
the assets included in the Trust Property as such value appears on the most
recent balance sheet of the Trust, prepared in accordance with sound accounting
practice, without deduction for Mortgage Loans or other security interests to
which such assets are subject and before provision for depreciation, depletion
and amortization but after provision for bad debt loss and similar reserves.

         "Trust Property" shall mean as of any particular time any and all
property, real, personal or otherwise, tangible or intangible, which is
transferred, conveyed or paid to the Trust or Trustees and all rents, income,
profits and gains therefrom and which at such time is owned or held by, or for
the account of the Trust or the Trustees.

         "VA Loans" shall mean Mortgage Loans (which may be Construction,
Development or Permanent Loans) which are guaranteed under the provisions of the
Servicemen's Readjustment Act of 1944, as amended.

         "Warehousing Loans" shall mean loans which are secured by a pledge of
Mortgage Loans owned by the borrower.

         "Wraparound Loans" shall mean Junior Mortgage Loans made pursuant to an
agreement obligating the borrower to pay the Trust a principal amount equal to
that of any senior Mortgage Loan plus that of such Junior Mortgage Loan with
interest on the combined principal and obligating the Trust to pay, as received
from the borrower, the principal and interest due on any such Senior Mortgage
Loan.


                                   ARTICLE II

                                    TRUSTEES

Section 2.1 Number and Qualification. The number of Trustees shall be not less
than 5 nor more than 15 persons. The exact number of Trustees within the minimum
and maximum limitations specified in the preceding sentence shall be fixed from
time to time by the Trustees then in office pursuant to a resolution adopted by
the entire Board of Trustees. No reduction in the number of Trustees shall have
the effect of removing any Trustee from office prior to the expiration of his
term. Whenever a vacancy in the number of Trustees shall occur, until such
vacancy is filled, the Trustees or Trustee continuing in office, regardless of
their number, shall have all the powers granted to the Trustees and shall
discharge all the duties imposed upon the Trustees by this Declaration of Trust.
A Trustee shall be an individual at least 21 years of age who is not under legal
disability. The Trustees, in their capacity as Trustees, shall not be required
to devote their entire time to the business and affairs of the Trust. Trustees
shall be United States citizens. Trustees may, but need not, own Shares or other
Securities of the Trust.

Section 2.2 Term and Election. At the 1984 meeting of Shareholders, the Trustees
shall be divided into three classes, as nearly equal in number as possible, with
the term of office of the first class to expire at the 1985 annual meeting of
Shareholders, the term of office of the second class to expire at the 1986
annual meeting of Shareholders and the term of office of the third class to
expire at the 1987 annual meeting of Shareholders. At each annual meeting of
Shareholders following such initial classification and election, Trustees
elected to succeed those directors whose terms expire shall be elected for a
term of office to expire at the third succeeding annual meeting of Shareholders
after their election.

Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of preferred stock then
outstanding, newly created trusteeships resulting from any increase in the
authorized number of Trustees or any vacancies in the Board of Trustees
resulting from death, resignation, retirement, disqualification, removal from
office or other cause shall be filled by a majority vote of the Trustees than in
office, although less than a quorum, and Trustees so chosen shall hold office
for a term expiring at the annual meeting of Shareholders at which the term of
the class to which they have been elected expires. If the number of Trustees is
changed any increase or decrease shall be apportioned among the classes so as to
maintain the number of Trustees in each class as nearly equal as possible. No
decrease in the number of Trustees constituting the Board of Trustees shall
shorten the term of any incumbent Trustee.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, whenever the holders of any class of stock (other
than holders of beneficial Shares) issued by Trust shall have the right, voting
as a class or otherwise, to elect Trustees, the then authorized number of
Trustees of the Trust shall be increased by the number of additional Trustees to
be elected.

Section 2.3 Resignation and Removal. Any Trustee may resign his trust (without
need for prior or subsequent accounting) by an instrument in writing signed by
him and delivered or mailed to the President or the Secretary of the Trust and
such resignation shall be effective upon such delivery, or at a later date
according to the terms of the notice. Any of the Trustees may be removed either
(a) for cause, as determined in the reasonable judgment of two-thirds of the
remaining Trustees or (b) with or without cause, at any meeting of Shareholders
by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the Shares
entitled to vote present in person or by proxy at such meeting provided a quorum
is at such meeting.

Section 2.4 Vacancies. The term of office of a Trustee shall terminate and a
vacancy shall occur in the event of the death, resignation, bankruptcy,
adjudicated incompetence or other incapacity to exercise the duties of the
office, or removal of such Trustee. No such vacancy shall operate to annul this
Declaration of Trust or to revoke any existing agency created pursuant to the
terms of this Declaration of Trust.

Section 2.5 Meetings. Meetings of the Trustees shall be held from time to time
upon the call of the President or the Secretary of the Trust or any two
Trustees. Regular meetings of the Trustees may be held without call or notice at
a time and place fixed by resolution of the Trustees. Notice of any other
meeting shall be mailed or otherwise given not less than 48 hours before the
meeting but may be waived in writing by any Trustee either before or after such
meeting. The attendance of a Trustee at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of
notice of such meeting except where a Trustee attends a meeting for the express
purpose of objecting to the transaction of any business on the ground that the
meeting has not been lawfully called or convened. A quorum for all meetings of
the Trustees shall be a majority of the Trustees. Unless specifically provided
otherwise in this Declaration of Trust, any action of the Trustees may be taken
at a meeting by vote of a majority of the Trustees present (a quorum being
present). The execution of any agreement, deed, mortgage, lease or other
instrument of writing by one or more of the Trustees or by any authorized Person
may be authorized or ratified by action of the Trustees and shall thereafter be
valid and binding upon the Trustees and upon the Trust.

Any Executive or Investment Committee may act with or without a meeting. A
quorum for all meetings of any such Committee shall be a majority of the members
thereof. Unless specifically provided otherwise in this Declaration of Trust.,
any action of any Investment or Executive Committee may be taken at a meeting by
vote of a majority of the members present (a quorum being present) or without a
meeting by written consents of a majority of the members,

With respect to actions of the Trustees and any Executive or Investment
Committee, Trustees who are affiliated or otherwise interested in any action to
be taken may be counted for quorum purposes under this Section 2.5 and shall be
entitled to vote.

Any action of the Trustees or of a committee taken without a meeting may be
taken without prior notice and without a vote if a consent in writing, setting
forth the action so taken, shall be signed by a majority of the Trustees then in
office or the then members of the committee (as the case may be), or such other
proportion thereof as would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a
meeting of the Trustees or the committee (as the case may be) at which all
Trustees or all members of such committee (as the case may be) were present,
provided that notice of the taking of the action without a meeting by less than
unanimous written consent of the Trustees or the committee (as the case may be)
shall be given, within 15 days after the execution of such consent by the last
Trustee whose execution thereof shall be required for effective action to be
taken thereby, to those Trustees or members who have not so consented in
writing.

All or any one or more Trustees may participate in a meeting of the Trustees or
any committee thereof by means of conference telephone or similar communications
equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear
each other and participation in a meeting pursuant to such communications shall
constitute presence in person at such meeting. The minutes of any meeting of
Trustees held by telephone shall be prepared in the same manner as a meeting of
Trustees held in person.

Section 2.6 Executive and Investment Committees. The Trustees may appoint from
among their own members an Executive and/or Investment Committee of two or more
persons to whom the Trustees may delegate, consistent with their ultimate
responsibility to supervise the affairs of the Trust, such of the powers herein
given to the Trustees as they may deem expedient, except as herein otherwise
provided.

Section 2.7 Officers. The Trustees shall annually elect a President from among
their number who shall be the chief executive officer of the Trust. The Trustees
may elect or appoint, from among their number or otherwise, or may authorize the
President to appoint one or more Vice Presidents, a Treasurer and a Secretary, a
Comptroller, one or more Assistant Secretaries and Assistant Treasurers and such
other officers or agents who shall have such powers, duties and responsibilities
as the Trustees may deem to be advisable and who shall act as agents of the
Trustees and be subject to the provisions of this Declaration of Trust. Two or
more offices may be held by the same person, except that the President may not
also be the Secretary. The Board of Trustees may, in its discretion, elect a
Chairman of the Board.

Section 2.8 By-Laws. The Trustees (by majority vote) may adopt and from time to
time amend or repeal By-Laws not inconsistent with this Declaration of Trust for
the conduct of the business of the Trust, and in such By-Laws may define the
duties of the officers, agents, employees and representatives of the Trust.

Section 2.9 Trustees May Own Shares. Any Trustee, officer or agent may acquire,
hold and sell Shares on his personal account, either in his individual name, or
in a fiduciary capacity or jointly with other persons, or as a member of a firm
or association or otherwise, without being thereby disqualified as a Trustee,
officer or agent, and while so holding any Shares on his personal account shall
be entitled to the same rights and privileges as other Shareholders.


                                   ARTICLE III

                             POWERS OF THE TRUSTEES

Section 3.1 General. The Trustees shall have, without other or further
authorization, continuing full, absolute and exclusive power, control, and
authority over and management of the Trust Property and of the affairs of the
Trust, to the same extent as if the Trustees were the sole owners of such
property in their own right, subject only to the limitations herein expressly
stated. Such powers of the Trustees may be exercised without the necessity of
applying to any court or to the Shareholders for leave to do so. No person shall
in any event be bound to see to the application of any money or property paid to
or delivered to the Trustees or their authorized representatives. The
enumeration of any specific power or authority herein shall not be construed as
limiting the aforesaid power or authority or any other power or authority.

Section 3.2 Investments. The Trustees shall have power, for such consideration
as they may deem proper, to invest in, purchase or otherwise acquire, for cash
or other property or through the issuance of Securities of the Trust, and hold
or retain for investment full or participating interests of any type in real,
personal or mixed, tangible or intangible, property of any kind wherever
located: including, without limitation, the following: (a) a full or
participating interest in Securities of every nature, whether or not secured by
Mortgages; (b) a full or participating interest in rents, lease payments or
other income from, or the profits from, or the equity or ownership of, Real
Property; and (c) a full or participating interest in investments secured by the
pledge or transfer of Mortgage Loans.

In the exercise of their powers, the Trustees shall not be limited to investing
in obligations maturing before the possible termination of the Trust, nor shall
the Trustees be limited by any law now or hereafter in effect limiting the
investments which may be held or retained by trustees or other fiduciaries, but
they shall have full authority and power to make any and all investments within
the limitations of this Declaration of Trust, that they, in their absolute
discretion, shall determine, and without liability for loss, even though such
investments shall be of a character or in amount not considered proper for
investment of trust funds or which do not or may not produce income. No
investment or reinvestment of the Trust property hereunder shall be deemed
improper because of its speculative character, or because a greater proportion
of the Trust property is invested therein than is usual for trustees, or solely
by reason of any interest therein, direct or indirect, of the Trustees or any
other party whatsoever.

Section 3.3 Appraisals. If the Trustees should at any time purchase Real
Property (other than where such purchase results from a foreclosure or
satisfaction of indebtedness to the Trust or is made in connection with the
acquisition of a mortgage loan), the consideration paid for such Real Property
shall be based upon the fair market value of the property as determined by an
Appraisal or as determined in the discretion of the Trustees; provided, however,
that no purchase of Real Property from an Affiliate of the Trust or the Advisor,
shall be effected without an Appraisal made by a Person who is not an Affiliate
of the Trust or the Advisor. The Trustees may in good faith rely on a previous
Appraisal made on behalf of other Persons provided it meets the aforesaid
standards and was made in connection with an investment in which the Trust
acquires an entire or participating interest.

Section 3.4 Legal Title. Legal title to all the Trust Property shall be vested
in the Trustees as joint tenants and held by and transferred to the Trustees,
except that, insofar as permitted by applicable law, the Trustees shall have
power to cause legal title to any Trust Property to be held by or in the name of
one or more of the Trustees with suitable reference to their trustee status, or
in the name of the Trust, or in the name of any other Person as nominee, or, in
the case of securities, in bearer form, on such terms, in such manner and with
such powers as the Trustees may determine, so long as in their judgment the
interest of the Trust is adequately protected.

The right, title and interest of the Trustees in and to the Trust Property shall
vest automatically in all persons who may hereafter become Trustees upon their
due election without any further act. Upon the death, resignation, removal,
bankruptcy, adjudicated incompetence or other incapacity to exercise the duties
of the office of a Trustee, he (and in the event of his death, his estate) shall
automatically cease to have any right, title or interest in or to any of the
Trust Property, and the right, title and interest of such Trustee in and to the
Trust Property including any and all Trust Property held in his name alone or
jointly with one or more other Trustees shall vest automatically in the
remaining Trustees without any further act. Such vesting and cessation of title
shall be effective whether or not conveyancing documents have been executed and
delivered.

For the purpose of more fully effectuating the foregoing, upon the resignation
or removal of a Trustee, or his otherwise ceasing to be a Trustee, the remaining
Trustees may require such Trustee to execute and deliver such documents for the
purpose of conveying to the Trust or the remaining Trustees, any Trust Property
held in the name of the resigning or removed Trustee. Upon the incapacity or
death of any Trustee, his legal representative shall execute and deliver on his
behalf such documents as the remaining Trustees shall require as provided in the
preceding sentence.

Section 3.5 Disposition, Renting, Etc. of Assets. The Trustees shall have power
to sell, grant security interests in, otherwise encumber, lease, exchange, grant
options with respect to or otherwise dispose of any and all Trust Property free
and clear of any and all trusts, at public or private sale, for cash or on terms
or for Securities, or a combination thereof, without advertisement, and subject
to such restrictions, stipulations, agreements and reservations as they shall
deem proper, including the power to take back mortgages to secure the whole or
any part of the purchase price of any of the Trust Property sold or transferred
by them, and to execute and deliver any deed or other instrument in connection
with the foregoing. The Trustees shall also have power to:

(a) rent, lease or hire from others or to others for terms which may extend
beyond the termination of this Declaration of Trust any property or rights to
property, real, personal or mixed, tangible or intangible, and to own, manage,
use and hold such property and such rights;

(b) subdivide, partition or improve Real Property and tear down, alter or make
improvements thereon and grant easements or impose restrictions in relation
thereto;

(c) give consents and make contracts relating to Trust Property or its use;

(d) release, dedicate or adjust the boundaries of any Trust Property; and

(e) develop, operate, pool, unitize, grant production payments out of or lease
or otherwise dispose of oil, gas and other mineral properties and rights.

Section 3.6 Financings; Issuance of Securities; Facsimiles. The Trustees shall
have power to lend money, whether secured or unsecured, to borrow or in any
other manner raise such sum or sums of money or other property as they shall
determine in any amount and in any manner and on any terms, and to evidence the
same by Securities which may mature at any time or times even beyond the
possible date of termination of the Trust, to reacquire any such Securities, to
enter into other contracts on behalf of the Trust and to execute and deliver any
Mortgage, pledge or other instrument to secure any such Securities or other
obligations or contracts; provided that the Trustees shall not issue debt
securities to the public unless the historical cash flow of the Trust or the
estimated future cash flow of the Trust, excluding extraordinary items, is
sufficient in the judgment of the Trustees to cover the interest on such debt
securities. Any Securities, instruments or other obligations of the Trust may,
at the discretion of the Trustees, without vote of the Shareholders, be
convertible or exercisable into Shares at such time and on such terms as the
Trustees may prescribe.

Subject to the provisions of Section 6.18, the Trustees shall have power to
issue any type of Securities of the Trust, without vote or other action by the
Shareholders, to such Persons for such cash, property, services, expenses or
other consideration (including Securities issued or created by, or interests in,
any Person) at such time or times and in such amounts and in such manner and on
such terms as the Trustees may deem advisable and to list any of the foregoing
Securities of the Trust or any depositary receipts representing such Securities
on any securities exchange and to purchase or otherwise acquire, hold, cancel,
reissue, sell and transfer any such Securities of the Trust or any depositary
receipts representing such Securities. The Trustees may authorize the use of
facsimile signatures and/or a facsimile seal of the Trust on Securities of the
Trust or any depositary receipts representing such Securities, provided that
where facsimile signatures are so used, one of the authorized signatures be
manual or the Securities or any such depositary receipts be manually
countersigned or authenticated (except with respect to any type of Security with
respect to which the then current commercial practice does not require manual
countersignature or manual authentication) by a transfer agent or registrar or
by an authenticating agent or trustee or similar person. In case any Person who
shall have signed (or whose facsimile signature shall appear on) Securities of
the Trust or any such depositary receipts shall have ceased to occupy the office
or perform the function with respect to which such signature was authorized
before such Securities or any such depositary receipts shall have been actually
issued, such Securities or any such depositary receipts may nevertheless be
issued with the same effect as though such Person had not ceased to occupy such
office or perform such function.

Section 3.7 Taxes. The Trustees shall have power to pay all taxes or
assessments, of whatever kind or nature, imposed upon or against the Trust or
the Trustees in connection with the Trust Property, or upon or against the Trust
Property or income of any part thereof, to settle and compromise disputed tax
liabilities, and for the foregoing purposes to make such returns and do all such
other acts and things as may be deemed by the Trustees necessary or desirable.

Section 3.8 Rights as Holder of Mortgages and Securities. The Trustees shall
have power to exercise all the rights, powers and privileges appertaining to the
ownership of all or any Mortgages or Securities forming part of the Trust
Property to the same extent that any individual might, and, without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, to vote or give any consent, request or notice or
waive any notice either in person or by proxy or power of attorney with or
without power of substitution, to one or more Persons, which proxies and powers
of attorney may be for meetings or action generally or for any particular
meetings or action, and may include the exercise of discretionary powers.

Section 3.9 Collection. The Trustees shall have power to collect, sue for,
receive and receipt for all sums money or other property due to the Trust, to
consent to extensions of the time for payment, or to the renewal, of any
Securities or obligations; to engage or intervene in, prosecute, defend,
compound, compromise, abandon or adjust by arbitration or otherwise any actions,
suits, proceedings, disputes, claims, demands or things relating to the Trust
Property; to foreclose any Mortgage or other Security securing any notes,
debentures, bonds, obligations or contracts, by virtue of which any sums of
money are owed to the Trust; to exercise any power of sale held by them, and to
convey good title thereunder free of any and all trusts, and, in connection with
any such foreclosure or sale, to purchase or otherwise acquire title to any
property; to be parties to reorganizations and to transfer to and deposit with
any corporation, committee, voting trustee or other Person any Securities or
obligations of any corporation, trust, association or other organization, the
Securities of which form a part of the Trust Property, for the purpose of any
reorganization of any such corporation, trust, association or other
organization, or otherwise to participate in any arrangement for enforcing or
protecting the interests of the Trustees as the owners or holders of such
Securities or obligations and to pay any assessment levied in connection with
such reorganization or arrangement; to extend the time with or without security
for the payment or delivery of any debt or property and to execute and to enter
into releases, agreements and other instruments; and to pay or satisfy any debts
or claims upon any evidence that the Trustees shall think sufficient.

Section 3.10 Expenses. The Trustees shall have power to incur and pay any
charges or expenses which in the opinion of the Trustees are necessary or
incidental or proper for carrying out any of the purposes of this Declaration of
Trust, and to reimburse others for the payment therefor, and to pay appropriate
compensation or fees from the funds of the Trust to themselves as Trustees and
to persons with whom the Trust has contracted or transacted business. The
Trustees shall fix the compensation of all officers and Trustees. The Trustees
may be paid reasonable compensation for their general services as Trustees and
officers hereunder, and the Trustees may pay themselves or any one or more of
themselves such compensation for special services, including legal services, as
they in good faith may deem reasonable and reimbursement for expenses reasonably
incurred by themselves or any one or more of themselves on behalf of the Trust.

Section 3.11 Guaranties. The Trustees shall have power to endorse or guarantee
the payment of any notes or other obligations of any Person other than the
Trustees acting in their individual capacity: to make contracts of guaranty or
suretyship, or otherwise assume liability for payment thereof; and to mortgage
and pledge the Trust Property or any part thereof to secure any of or all such
obligations.

Section 3.12 Deposits. The Trustees shall have power to deposit any moneys or
Securities included in the Trust Property with any one or more banks, trust
companies or other banking institutions, whether or not such deposit will draw
interest, provided that no funds of the Trust shall be commingled with funds of
the Advisor. Such deposits are to be subject to withdrawal in such manner as the
Trustees may determine, and the Trustees shall have no responsibility for any
loss which may occur by reason of the failure of the bank, trust company or
other banking institution with whom the moneys or Securities have been
deposited.

Section 3.13 Allocation. The Trustees shall have power to determine whether
moneys or other assets received by the Trust shall be charged or credited to
income or capital or allocated between income and capital, including the power
to amortize or fail to amortize any part or all of any premium or discount, to
treat any part or all the profit resulting from the maturity or sale of any
asset, whether purchased at a premium or at a discount, as income or capital or
apportion the same between income and capital to apportion the sale price of any
asset between income and capital, and to determine in what manner any expense or
disbursements are to be borne as between income and capital, whether or not in
the absence of the power and authority conferred by this Section 3.13 such
assets would be regarded as income or as capital or such expense or
disbursements would be charged to income or to capital; to treat any dividend or
other distribution on any investment as income or capital or apportion the same
between income or capital; to provide or fail to provide reserves for
depreciation, amortization or obsolescence in respect of any Trust Property in
such amounts and by such methods and for such purposes as they shall determine,
and to allocate to the share of beneficial interest account less than all of the
consideration received for Shares (but not less than the par value thereof) and
to allocate the balance thereof to paid-in capital, all as the Trustees may
reasonably deem proper.

Section 3.14 Valuation. The Trustees shall have power to determine conclusively
the value of any of the Trust Property and of any services, Securities, assets
or other consideration hereafter to be acquired or disposed of by the Trust, and
to revalue the Trust Property.

Section 3.15 Fiscal Year. The Trustees shall have power to determine the fiscal
year of the Trust and the method or form in which its accounts shall be kept and
from time to time to change the fiscal year or method or form of accounts.

Section 3.16 FHA Qualification. If the Trust shall be an "FHA Approved
Mortgagee", the Trustees shall have power to sell or otherwise dispose of any
FHA loan or an interest therein which the Trust owns in accordance with the
provisions of the National Housing Act of 1934, as amended, and regulations
promulgated thereunder. The Trustees shall have the power to execute on behalf
of the Trust, in connection with any project on which FHA has insured the
indebtedness, in whole or in part, any and all deeds of trust or mortgages, and
other agreements, documents and forms which may be required by FHA in connection
with the approval of FHA of the transfer of physical assets from any entity to
the Trustees or the insurance by FHA of any indebtedness on any project as to
which the Trustees are or shall become owners pursuant to this Declaration of
Trust, and the provisions of any such agreement shall be binding upon the Trust
notwithstanding any conflict with or limitation of this Declaration of Trust.

Section 3.17 Power to Contract. The Trustees shall have power to appoint, employ
or contract with any Person (including one or more of themselves and any
corporation, partnership or trust of which one or more of them may be an
Affiliate, subject to the applicable requirements of Section 3.28 hereof) as the
Trustees may deem necessary or desirable for the transaction of the business of
the Trust including any Person who, under the supervision of the Trustees, may,
among other things: administer the day-to-day affairs of the Trust; serve as the
Trust's investment advisor and consultant in connection with the Trust's
investments; act as consultants, accountants, mortgage loan originators or
servicers, correspondents, leaders, technical advisors, attorneys, brokers,
underwriters, corporate fiduciaries, escrow agents, depositories, custodians or
agents for collection, insurers or insurance agents, transfer agents or
registrars or paying agents for Securities of the Trust, or in any other
capacity deemed by the Trustees necessary or desirable; investigate, select,
and, on behalf of the Trust, conduct relations with Persons acting in such
capacities and pay appropriate fees to, and enter into appropriate contracts
with, or employ, or retain services performed or to be performed by, any of them
in connection with the investments acquired, sold, or otherwise disposed of;
substitute any other Person for any such Person; act as attorney-in-fact or
agent in the purchase or sale or other disposition of investments, and in the
handling, prosecuting or settling of any claims of the Trust, including the
foreclosure or other endorsement of any mortgage or other lien or other security
securing investments; and assist in the performance of such ministerial
functions necessary in the management of the Trust as may be agreed upon with
the Trustees or officers of the Trust. The Trust shall not knowingly appoint,
employ or contract with, or extend the term of any advisory or other contract
with, any Trustee or any Person of whom any Trustee may be an Affiliate unless
such contract shall be made, approved or ratified, after disclosure of such
relationship, by a majority of the Trustees not so affiliated.

Section 3.18 Organization of Business Entities. The Trustees shall have power to
cause to be organized or assist in organizing any Person under the laws of any
jurisdiction to acquire the Trust Property or any part or parts thereof or
indirectly have an interest, and, subject to the provisions of this Declaration
of Trust, to cause the Trust to merge with such Person or any existing Person or
to sell, rent, lease, hire, convey, negotiate, assign, exchange or transfer the
Trust Property or any part or parts thereof to or with any such Person or any
existing Person in exchange for the Securities thereof or otherwise, and to lend
money to, subscribe for the Securities of, and enter into any contract with, any
such Person in which the Trust holds or is about to acquire Securities or any
other interest.

Section 3.19 Associations. The Trustees shall have power to enter into joint
ventures, general or limited partnerships and any other combinations or
associations.

Section 3.20 Insurance. The Trustees shall have the power to purchase and pay
for entirely out of Trust Property insurance policies insuring the Shareholders,
Trustees, officers, employees, and agents. investment advisors, including the
Advisor, or independent contractors of the Trust individually against all claims
and liabilities of every nature arising by reason of holding, being or having
held any such office or position, or by reason of any action alleged to have
been taken or omitted by any such Person or Shareholder, Trustee, officer,
employee, agent. investment advisor, or independent contractor, including any
action taken or omitted that may be determined to constitute negligence whether
or not the Trust would have the power to indemnify such Person against such
liability.

Section 3.21 Pension and Other Plans. The Trustees shall have the power to pay
pensions for faithful service, as deemed appropriate by the Trustees, and
(except as provided in Section 6.18 hereof) to adopt, establish and carry out
pension, profit-sharing, Share bonus, Share purchase, savings, thrift and other
retirement, incentive and benefit plans, trusts and provisions, including the
purchasing of life insurance and annuity contracts as a means of providing such
retirement and other benefits, for any or all of the Trustees, officers,
employees and agents of the Trust.

Section 3.22 Seal. The Trustees shall have the power to adopt and use a seal for
the Trust, but unless otherwise required by the Trustees, the seal shall not be
necessary to be placed on, and its absence shall not impair the validity of, any
document, instrument or other paper executed and delivered by or on behalf of
the Trust.

Section 3.23 Charitable Contributions. The Trustees shall have power to make
donations, irrespective of benefit to the Trust, for the public welfare or for
community fund, hospital, charitable. religious, educational, scientific, civic
or similar purpose, and in time or war or other national emergency in aid
thereof.

Section 3.24 Indemnification. The Trustees shall have power to the extent
permitted by law to indemnify or enter into agreements with respect to
indemnification with any Person with whom the Trust has dealings, including,
without limitation, any investment advisor, including the Advisor, or
independent contractor, to such extent as the Trustees shall determine.

Section 3.25 Remedies. Notwithstanding any provision of this Declaration of
Trust, when the Trustees deem that there is a significant risk that an obligor
to the Trust may default or is in default under the terms of any obligation to
the Trust, the Trustees shall have power to pursue any remedies permitted by law
which, in their sole judgment, are in the interests of the Trust, and the
Trustees shall have the power to enter into any investment, commitment or
obligation of the Trust resulting from the pursuit of such remedies or necessary
or desirable to dispose of property acquired in the pursuit of such remedies.

Section 3.26 Trustees May Appoint Advisor. The Trustees are responsible for the
general policies of the Trust and for such general supervision of the business
of the Trust conducted by officers, agents, employees, investment advisors or
independent contractors of the Trust as may be necessary to insure that such
business conforms to the provisions of the Declaration of Trust. However, the
Trustees are not required personally to conduct the business of the Trust and,
consistent with their ultimate responsibility as stated herein, the Trustees
shall have power to appoint, employ, or contract with any such natural or, legal
person or persons (including one or more of themselves and any corporation,
partnership or trust in which one or more of them may be directors, officers,
stockholders, partners or trustees) as the Trustees may deem necessary or
desirable for the transaction of the business of the Trust. The Trustees may,
therefore, employ or contract with a corporation, partnership, trust or
individual (herein referred to as the "Advisor"), and the Trustees may grant or
delegate such authority to the Advisor as the Trustees may, in their sole
discretion, deem necessary or desirable, without regard to whether such
authority is normally granted or delegated by trustees.

The Trustees shall have the power to determine the terms of compensation of the
Advisor or any other person or persons whom they may employ or with whom they
may contract; provided, however, that any determination to appoint, employ, or
contract with any Trustee or any entity with which a Trustee is affiliated by
reason of a managerial or ownership interest, shall be valid only if made,
approved or ratified, after disclosure of such relationship, by a majority of
the Trustees not so affiliated. The Trustees may exercise broad discretion in
allowing the Advisor to administer and regulate the operations of the Trust, to
act as agent for the Trust, to execute documents on behalf of the Trustees, and
to make executive decisions which conform to general policies and general
principles previously established by the Trustees.

The contract entered into by the Trustees with any Advisor may have a term of up
to five full years. The term of each renewal of extension of any such contract
with the same Advisor may be renewed by a majority of the Board of Trustees for
a period equal to a maximum of five years. However, at a special meeting of
shareholders called by the shareholders pursuant to Section 7.3(b) herein, a
majority of the outstanding Shares shall have the right to rescind the renewal
of the Advisory Agreement which was authorized by the Board of Trustees at the
immediately preceding Board of Trustees meeting, but any such recession shall no
effect on the term of the Advisory Agreement, as same may have been previously
renewed.

Section 3.27 Independence of Trustees. Not more than 49% of the total number of
Trustees or of the total number of members of any Investment Committee may be
Affiliates of the Advisor, provided, however, that if at any time the percentage
of all Trustees or of members of such Investment Committee then in office,
because of the death, resignation, removal or change in affiliation of a Trustee
or member of such Investment Committee who is not such an Affiliate, such
requirement shall not be applicable for a period of sixty (60) days, during
which time a majority of all the Trustees then in office shall appoint a
sufficient number of other individuals as Trustees or as members of such
Investment Committee so that there is again not more than 49% of the total
number of all Trustees or members of such Investment Committee then in office
who are Affiliates of the Advisor. The Trustees shall at all times endeavor to
comply with such requirement, but failure so to comply shall not affect the
validity or effectiveness of any action of the Trustees or of the Investment
Committee as the case may be.

Section 3.28 Prohibition Against Self-Dealing and Misuse of Trust Assets. (a)
Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Declaration of Trust, the Trustees,
when acting on behalf of the Trust, may not knowingly, directly or indirectly,
lend any of the Trust Property to, purchase or otherwise acquire any property
whatsoever from, sell or otherwise transfer any property whatsoever to, contract
with, or pay any commission or other remuneration, directly or indirectly, in
connection with the purchase or sale of Trust assets to (i) any Trustee, officer
or employee of the Trust (acting in their individual capacities), (ii) the
Advisor, (iii) any corporation, partnership, trust or other organization with
which a Trustee, any officer or employee of the Trust, the Advisor, any
independent contractor to the Trust or any officer, director or employee of the
Advisor, or any such independent contractor to the Trust is an Affiliate, or
(iv) any officer, managing agent, director or employee (acting in their
individual capacities) of the Advisor, of any Affiliate of the Advisor or of any
independent contractor to the Trust; except that the Trustees shall be entitled
to engage in any transaction on behalf of the Trust notwithstanding any such
affiliation, provided (i) each such transaction has been approved or ratified,
after full disclosure of such affiliation, by a majority of the Trustees
including a majority of the Trustees who are not Affiliates of any Person (other
than the Trust) who is a party to the transaction, or by a majority of
the-members of any committee of the Trustees including a majority of the members
of such committee who are not Affiliates of any Person (other than the Trust)
who is a party to the transaction, and (ii) the Trustees approving the
transaction have determined that such transaction is fair and reasonable to the
Shareholders of the Trust and that such transaction is on terms not less
favorable to the Trust than terms available for a comparable transaction with
others that are not so affiliated, and (iii) if such transaction relates to: (x)
the acquisition by the Trust of federally insured or guaranteed mortgages, it
shall be effected at prices not exceeding the currently quoted prices at which
the Federal National Mortgage Association is purchasing comparable mortgages; or
(y) the acquisition by the Trust of other property, it shall be effected at
prices not exceeding the fair value thereof as determined by an independent
Appraisal. For purposes of this Section 3.28 the term "independent contractor"
means an "independent contractor" as defined in Section 856(d)(3) of the
Internal Revenue Code which furnishes or renders services to tenants of or
manages or operates Real Property owned by the Trust. The simultaneous
acquisition by the Trust and the Advisor or any Affiliate of the Advisor of
participations in a loan or other investment shall not be deemed to constitute
an acquisition or sale of property by one of them to the other, provided that
the terms, other than the size of the participation, are not less favorable to
the Trust than to such other Person.

Any Trustee or officer, employee or agent of the Trust may acquire, own, hold
and dispose of Securities of the Trust, for his individual account, and may
exercise all rights of a holder of such Securities to the same extent and in the
same mariner as if he were not such a Trustee or officer, employee or agent. The
Trustees shall use their best efforts to obtain through an Advisor or other
Persons a continuing and suitable investment program, consistent with the
investment policies and objectives of the Trust, and the Trustees shall be
responsible for reviewing and approving or rejecting investment opportunities
presented by the Advisor or such other Persons. So long as there is such Advisor
or other Person, the Trustees shall have no responsibility for the origination
of investment opportunities for the Trust. Any Trustee or officer, employee, or
agent of the Trust may, in his personal capacity, or in a capacity of trustee,
officer, director, stockholder, partner, member, advisor or employee of any
Person, have business interests and engage in business activities in addition to
those relating to the Trust, which interests and activities may be similar to
those of the Trust and include the acquisition, syndication, holding,
management, operation or disposition, for his own account or for the account of
such Person, of interests in Mortgages, interests in Real Property, or interests
in Persons engaged in the real estate business, and each Trustee, officer,
employee and agent of the Trust shall be free of any obligation to present to
the Trust any investment opportunity which comes to him in any capacity other
than solely as Trustee, officer, employee or agent of the Trust, even if such
opportunity is of a character which, if presented to the Trust, could be taken
by the Trust, provided, however, that no Trustee, advisor, officer, employee, or
agent of the Trust may compete with the Trust in (i) any transaction in which
the Trust is engaged or (ii) any proposed transaction which has been presented
to the Trustees in writing for their consideration and which has not been
rejected by the vote of a majority of the Trustees not interested in such a
proposed transaction. Each Trustee shall disclose any interest he has, and any
interest known to him of any Affiliate of his, in any investment opportunity
presented to the Trust. Subject to the provisions of this Section 3.28 any
Trustee or officer, employee or agent of the Trust may be interested as trustee,
officer, director, shareholder, partner, member, advisor or employee of, or
otherwise have a direct or indirect interest in, any Person who may be engaged
to render advice or services to the Trust, and may receive compensation from
such Person as well as compensation as Trustee, officer, employee or agent of
the Trust or otherwise hereunder. None of the activities referred to in, and
permitted by, this paragraph shall be deemed to conflict with his duties and
powers as Trustee, officer, employee or agent of the Trust.

The Trust shall not, in dealing with any Trustee, investment officer or employee
of the Trust, enter into any transaction contrary to the obligations imposed
upon fiduciaries acting under the Declaration of Trust by courts in
Massachusetts having equity powers.

No investment recommended to the Trust by the Advisor shall be made by the Trust
at a time when a Trustee is an Affiliate of the Advisor unless such investment
has been approved by a majority of the Trustees including a majority of Trustees
not so affiliated or by a majority of the members of any Investment Committee of
the Trustees including a majority of the members of such committee not so
affiliated.

(b) Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Declaration of Trust, in
connection with any "Business Combination" (as hereinafter defined) with any
"Related Person" (as hereinafter defined) the Trustees of the Trust who are not
affiliated with the Related Person (the "Independent Trustees") shall have the
authority to negotiate with the Related Person on behalf of the Shareholders of
the Trust, other than the Related Person (the "Minority Shareholders"), with the
assistance of legal counsel and such other persons as the Independent Trustees
deem necessary for that purpose (the fees and expenses of such legal counsel and
other persons to be borne by the Trust), and shall approve the terms and
conditions of the definitive agreement which embodies the Business Combination.
As a condition to the consummation of the Business Combination, the Board of
Trustees of the Trust shall have received a written opinion from an investment
banking firm of national reputation that the proposed Business Combination is
fair to Minority Shareholders from a financial point of view. Such determination
shall be based upon the value of the Trust as a whole and the fact that the
Shares held by the Minority Shareholders represent a minority interest in the
Trust shall not be considered to diminish their value.

The provisions set forth in this Section 3.28(b) may not be repealed or amended
in any respect, unless such action is approved by the affirmative vote of the
holders of not less than a majority of the outstanding shares of Voting Stock
held by Minority Shareholders. In the event a quorum of such Minority
Shareholders is not present at two successive annual meetings of Shareholders at
which the repeal or amendment of the provisions set forth in this Section
3.28(b) is proposed, then the requisite vote for such action shall be governed
by Section 8.1 hereof. The term "Voting Stock" shall mean all outstanding Shares
of the Trust or another corporation entitled to vote generally in the election
of Trustees and each reference to a proportion of shares of Voting Stock shall
refer to such proportion of the votes entitled to be cast by such shares.

For the purposes of this Section 3.28(b):

         (i) The term "Business Combination" shall mean (a) any merger or
consolidation of the Trust or a subsidiary of the Trust with or into a Related
Person, (b) any sale, lease, exchange, transfer or other disposition, including
without limitation a mortgage or any other security device of all or
substantially all of the assets either of the Trust or of a subsidiary of the
Trust, to a Related Person, (c) any merger or consolidation of a Related Person
with or into the Trust, (d) any sale, lease, exchange, transfer or other
disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of a Related Person to the
Trust or a subsidiary of the Trust or (e) any agreement, contract or other
arrangement providing for any of the transactions described in the Business
Combination; and

         (ii) The term "Related Person" shall mean and include any individual,
corporation, partnership or other person or entity which, together with its
"Affiliates" and "Associates" (as defined on November 1, 1982 in Rule 12b-2
under the Securities Exchange Act) "Beneficially Owns" (as defined on November
1, 1982 in Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) in the
aggregate 50 percent or more of the outstanding Voting Stock of the Trust, and
any Affiliate or Associate of any such individual, corporation, partnership or
other person or entity.

Section 3.29 Further Powers. The Trustees shall have power to do all such other
matters and things and execute all such instruments as they deem necessary,
proper or desirable in order to carry out, promote or advance the interests of
the Trust although such matters or things are not herein specifically mentioned.
Any determination as to what is in the interests of the Trust made by the
Trustees in good faith shall be conclusive. In construing the provisions of this
Declaration of Trust, the presumption, shall be in favor of a grant of power to
the Trustees. The Trustees will not be required to obtain any court order to
deal with the Trust Property.

Section 3.30 Transfer of Advisory Contract. Neither the Trust nor any holder of
Equity Securities shall have any rights in or with respect to any income, assets
or profit realized by the Advisor, any holders of Securities of the Advisor, or
any director, officer or employee of the Advisor by reason of the transfer or
assignment of the contract with the Advisor referred to in Section 3.26 hereof
or any other agreement with the Advisor of any securities issued by the Advisor,
and each such holder and the Trust shall be deemed to have consented to any such
transfer or assignment (except such as specifically require consent of the Trust
under the terms of such contract) and to have expressly and irrevocably waived
any rights in such income, assets or profits, whether arising under the laws of
the United States or any State or territory or any judicial decision thereunder.

Section 3.31 Qualification as "Real Estate Investment Trust". The Trustees shall
have the power to determine whether or not in any fiscal year to qualify for
taxation as a "real estate investment trust" as described in the REIT Provisions
of the Internal Revenue Code.


                                   ARTICLE IV

                               INVESTMENT POLICIES

Section 4.1 Statement of Investment Policy. The investment objective of the
Trust is to invest the Trust Property in Real Property, Mortgage Loans, and
other investments related to Real Property in such proportions as the Trustees
may deem advisable from time to time in light of changing economic conditions.
Except as specifically provided herein, there shall be no percentage limitation,
either minimum or maximum, with respect to the proportion of assets of the Trust
which may be placed at any given time in any type or category of investments.
Investments of the Trust may be made in various combinations and may involve
participations with other Persons. Such investments may incorporate a variety of
real property financing techniques, including, without limitation, Conventional
Loans, Long, Medium and Short Term Loans, Construction Loans with or without a
Permanent Takeout, Equity Investments in Real Property, FHA Loans, VA Loans,
First and Junior Mortgage Loans, Gap Loans, Warehousing Loans, Wraparound Loans,
Development Loans, sale and leasebacks, land purchase-leases, net lease
financings, purchase and installment sale lease backs, high credit lease-secured
mortgages, convertible Mortgages and Mortgages of special interests including,
without limitation, leaseholds, air rights and condominiums.

The Trustees, may, but shall not be required to, make investments in such a
manner as to comply with the requirements of the REIT Provisions of the Internal
Revenue Code with respect to the composition of the Trust's investments and the
derivation of its income; provided, however, that no Trustee, director, officer,
employee or agent of the Trust or the Advisor shall be liable to any Person for
any act or omission resulting in the loss of tax benefits under the Internal
Revenue Code, except for that arising from his or its own bad faith, willful
misconduct, gross negligence or reckless disregard of his or its duties or for
his failure to act in good faith in the reasonable belief that such action was
in the best interest of the Trust.

Section 4.2 Uninvested Assets. To the extent that the Trust has assets not
otherwise invested in accordance with Section 4.1 hereof the Trustees may invest
such assets in;

(a) obligations of or guaranteed or insured by, the United States Government or
any agencies or political subdivisions thereof, including the FHA and the
Federal National Mortgage Association;

(b) obligations of or guaranteed by, any state, territory or possession of the
United States of America or any agencies or political subdivision thereof;

(c) evidences of deposits in, or obligations of, banking institutions, state and
federal savings and loan associations and savings institutions which are members
of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or of the Federal Home Loan Bank
System;

(d) shares of other real estate investment trusts, but in the event the Trust is
being operated as a "real estate investment trust" as described in the REIT
Provisions of the Internal Revenue Code, then only to the extent permitted by
the REIT Provisions of the Internal Revenue Code, except as prohibited by
Section 4.3(e); and

(e) other marketable Securities but in the event the Trust is being operated as
a "real estate investment trust" as described in the REIT Provisions of the
Internal Revenue Code, then only marketable securities which, in the opinion of
the Trustees, may be held by the Trust without jeopardizing the Trust's
qualification as a real estate investment trust under the REIT Provisions of the
Internal Revenue Code.

Section 4.3 Restrictions. Notwithstanding anything in this Declaration of Trust
which may be deemed to authorize the contrary, the Trustees shall not:

(a) invest in commodities, foreign currencies, bullion or chattels, except as
required in the day-to-day business of the Trust or in connection with its
investments;

(b) invest in real estate contracts for sale (except under circumstances wherein
the investment of the Trust is substantially equivalent to a mortgagee's
interest) in excess of a value of 1% of the Total Assets of the Trust; provided,
however, that nothing in this Section 4.3 shall prevent the holding of contracts
of sale as security for loans made by the Trust and the acquisition and
ownership of such contracts of sale upon foreclosure of, or realization upon,
such security interests, and contracts of sale so held or owned shall be
excluded from the computation required by this Section 4.3;

(c) engage in any short sale;

(d) issue "redeemable securities" as defined in Section 2(a) (31) of the
Investment Company Act of 1940;

(e) if the Trust is being operated as a "real estate investment trust" as
described in the REIT Provisions of the Internal Revenue Code hold securities in
any real estate investment trust which, to the actual knowledge of the Trustees,
is then holding investments or engaging in activities prohibited to the Trustees
under this Section 4.3, if, as a result thereof, the Trust will fail to qualify
as a real estate investment trust under the REIT Provisions of the Internal
Revenue Code;

(f) engage in trading as compared with investment activities, or engage in the
business or underwriting or agency distribution of Securities issued by others,
but this prohibition shall not prevent the Trust from buying or selling Mortgage
Loans, including participations therein, or interests in Real Property;

(g) hold property primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of the
trade or business of the Trust, but this prohibition shall not be construed to
deprive the Trust of the power to sell any property which it owns at any time;

(h) invest in equity securities (except securities acquired in connection with
the acquisition of or foreclosure on mortgage loans made by the Trust) of any
Person which to the knowledge of the Trustees is then holding investments or
engaging in activities prohibited to the Trust, if, after giving effect to such
investment, the aggregate value, as determined by a majority of the Trustees of
such investments would exceed 5% of the total assets of the Trust.

                                    ARTICLE V

                            LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY

Section 5.1 Liability to Third Persons. No Shareholder shall be subject to any
personal liability whatsoever, in tort, contract or otherwise, to any Person or
Persons in connection with Trust Property or the affairs of the Trust; and no
Trustee, officer, employee or agent of the Trust shall be subject to any
personal liability whatsoever, in tort, contract or otherwise, to any other
Person or Persons in connection with Trust Property or the affairs of the Trust,
save only that arising from his bad faith, willful misconduct, gross negligence
or reckless disregard of his duties or for his failure to act in good faith in
the reasonable belief that his action was in the best interest of the Trust; and
all such other Persons shall look solely to the Trust Property for satisfaction
of claims of any nature arising in connection with the affairs of the Trust. If
any Shareholder, Trustee, officer, employee or agent, as such, of the Trust is
made a party to any suit or proceedings to enforce any such liability, he shall
not on account thereof be held to any personal liability.

Section 5.2 Liability to Trust or Shareholders. No Trustee, officer, employee or
agent of the Trust shall be liable to the Trust or to any Shareholder, Trustee,
officer, employee or agent of the Trust for any action or failure to act
(including without limitation the failure to compel in any way any former or
acting Trustee to redress any breach of trust) except for his own bad faith,
willful misconduct, gross negligence or reckless disregard of his duties or for
his failure to act in good faith in the reasonable belief that his action was in
the best interests of the Trust.

Section 5.3 Indemnification. The Trust shall indemnify and hold each Shareholder
harmless from and against all claims and liabilities, whether they proceed to
judgment or are settled or otherwise brought to a conclusion, to which such
Shareholder may become subject by reason of his being or having been a
Shareholder, and shall reimburse such Shareholder for all legal and other
expenses reasonably incurred by him in connection with any such claim or
liability; provided, however, that the Trust shall have no liability to
reimburse Shareholders for taxes assessed against them by reason of their
ownership of Shares (unless such tax is of a character which in the Commonwealth
of Massachusetts would be assessed against the Trust Property or the Trustees,
but is assessed in the jurisdiction assessing such tax against all Shareholders
ratably rather than against the Trust Property or the Trustees), nor for any
losses suffered by reason of changes in the market value of Securities of the
Trust. Subject to the proviso clause and except for expenses not reasonably
incurred, the foregoing sentence is intended to provide for indemnification of
each Shareholder to the fullest extent permitted by law. The rights accruing to
a Shareholder under this Section 5.3 shall not exclude any other right to which
such Shareholder may be lawfully entitled, nor shall anything herein contained
restrict the right of the Trust to reimburse or indemnify a Shareholder in any
appropriate situation even though not specifically provided herein.

The Trust shall indemnify each of its Trustees, officers, employees and agents
(including any Person who serves at its request as director, officer or trustee
of another organization in which it has any interest as a shareholder, creditor
or otherwise), against all liabilities and expenses, including amounts paid in
satisfaction of judgments, in compromise or as fines and penalties, and counsel
fees, reasonably incurred by him in connection with the defense or disposition
of any action, suit or other proceeding by the Trust or any other Person,
whether civil or criminal, in which he may be involved or with which he may be
threatened, while in office or thereafter, by reason of his being or having been
such a Trustee, officer, employee or agent; provided, however, that no
indemnification shall be made with respect to any matter as to which he shall
have been adjudicated to have acted in bad faith or with willful misconduct or
reckless disregard of his duties or gross negligence or not to have acted in
good faith in the reasonable belief that his action was in the best interests of
the Trust and further provided, that as to any matter disposed of by a
compromise payment by such Trustee, officer, employee or agent, pursuant to a
consent decree or otherwise, no indemnification either for said payment or for
any other expense shall be provided unless such a compromise shall be approved
as in the best interests of the Trust by a majority of the disinterested
Trustees or unless the Trust shall have received a written opinion from
independent legal counsel to the effect that such Trustee, officer, employee or
agent appears to have acted in good faith in the reasonable belief that his
action was in the best interests of the Trust. Subject to the proviso clauses,
and except for expenses not reasonably incurred, the foregoing sentence is
intended to provide for indemnification of Trustees, officers, employees and
agents to the fullest extent provided by law. The rights accruing to any
Trustee, officer, employee or agent under these provisions shall not exclude any
other right to which he may be lawfully entitled; provided, however, that no
Trustee, officer, employee or agent may satisfy any right of indemnity or
reimbursement granted herein or to which he may be otherwise entitled except out
of the Trust Property, and no Shareholder shall be personally liable to any
Person with respect to any claim for indemnity or reimbursement or otherwise.
The Trustees may make advance payments in connection with indemnification under
this Section 5.3, provided that the indemnified Trustee, officer, employee or
agent shall have given a written undertaking to reimburse the Trust in the event
it is subsequently determined that he is not entitled to such indemnification.

Any action taken in good faith by or conduct engaged in good faith on the part
of the Advisor, a Trustee, officer, employee or agent of the Trust in conformity
with or in reliance upon any of the provisions of this Declaration of Trust
shall not, for the purposes of this Trust, constitute bad faith, willful
misconduct, gross negligence or reckless disregard of his duties or failure to
act in good faith or in the reasonable belief that his action was in the best
interests of the Trust.

Section 5.4 Surety Bonds. No Trustee shall, as such, be obligated to give any
bond or surety or other security for the performance of any of his duties.

Section 5.5 Apparent Authority. No purchaser, lender, transfer agent or other
Person dealing with the Trustees or any officer, employee or agent of the Trust
shall be bound to make inquiry concerning, or be liable for, the application of
money or property paid, loaned or delivered to or on the duly authorized order
of the Trustees or of such officer, employee or agent.

Section 5.6 Express Exculpatory Clauses in Instruments. Every note, debenture,
bond, obligation, contract, instrument, certificate, Share or undertaking and
every other act or thing whatsoever executed in connection with the Trust shall
be conclusively presumed to have been executed or done by a Trustee or Trustees
or an officer, employee or agent of the Trust only in his or their capacity as
Trustee or Trustees under this Declaration of Trust or in the capacity of
officer, employee or agent of the Trust. The Trustees shall cause every note,
debenture, bond, obligation, contract, instrument, certificate, Share or
undertaking made or issued by or on behalf of the Trust to refer to this
Declaration of Trust and contain a recital to the effect that the obligations
thereunder are not binding on, nor shall resort be had to the private property
of, any of the Trustees, their employees or the Shareholders of the Trust
individually, but only upon the Trustees as trustees and upon the Trust
Property, and may contain any further recital which they may deem appropriate,
but the omission of such recital or further recital shall not be construed to
evidence an intention to impose personal liability on any of the Trustees,
Shareholders, officers, employees or agents of the Trust. The Trustees shall, at
all times, maintain insurance for the protection of the Trust Property, its
Shareholders, Trustees, officers, employees or agents in such amount as the
Trustees shall deem adequate to cover all foreseeable tort liability to the
extent available at reasonable rates.

Section 5.7 Reliance on Experts, Etc. Each Trustee and each officer of the Trust
shall, in the performance of his duties, be fully and completely justified and
protected with regard to any act or any failure to act resulting from reliance
in good faith upon the books of account or other records of the Trust, upon an
opinion of counsel or upon reports made to the Trust by any of its officers or
employees or by the Advisor, accountants, appraisers or other experts or
consultants selected with reasonable care by the Trustees or officers of the
Trust, regardless of whether such counsel or expert may also be a Trustee.





                                   ARTICLE VI

                         SHARES OF BENEFICIAL, INTEREST

Section 6.1 Description of Shares. The Trust shall have authority to issue
Shares of beneficial interest, having a par value $3.00 per Share, and Shares of
preferred stock, having a par value of $1.00 per Share. No Shares shall be
issued for a consideration having a value of less than the aggregate par value
of such Shares. All Shares duly issued hereunder shall be deemed fully paid, and
no assessment shall ever be made upon shareholders except against holders of
Shares as to which the entire par value has not been paid in, but only to the
extent of such unpaid par value.

The number of Shares of beneficial interest authorized hereunder is unlimited.
All Shares of beneficial interest shall have equal non-cumulative voting,
distribution, liquidation and other rights, and shall have no preference,
conversion, exchange, preemptive or redemption rights.

The number of Shares of preferred stock authorized hereunder is 10,000,000. The
preferred stock may be issued, from time to time, in one or more series as
authorized by the Board of Trustees. Prior to issuance of a series, the Board of
Trustees by resolution shall designate that series to distinguish it from other
series and classes of stock of the Trust, shall specify the number of shares to
be included in the series, and shall fix the terms, rights, restrictions,
qualifications of the shares of the series, including any preferences, voting
powers, dividend rights and redemption, sinking fund and conversion rights.
Subject to the express terms of any other series of Preferred Stock outstanding
at the time, the Board of Trustees may increase or decrease the number of shares
or alter the designation or classify or reclassify any unissued shares of a
particular series of preferred stock by fixing or altering in any or more
respects from time to time before issuing the shares any terms, rights,
restrictions and qualifications of the Shares.

Upon the filing in the Office of the Secretary of State of the Commonwealth of
Massachusetts of the Certificate of Amendment of the Second Amended and Restated
Declaration of Trust of this Trust whereby Section 6.1 is amended to read as set
forth herein, each three (3) issued and outstanding Shares of beneficial
interest, par value $1.00 per share, shall thereby and thereupon be combined
into one (1) validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable Share of beneficial
interest, par value $3.00 per share. Each person at that time holding of record
any issued and outstanding Shares of beneficial interest shall receive upon
surrender thereof to the Trust's authorized agency a stock certificate or
certificates to evidence and represent the number of post reverse stock split
shares of beneficial interest to which he is entitled after the reverse split;
provided, however, that the Trust shall not issue fractional Shares of
beneficial interest in connection with the reverse stock split, but in lieu
thereof, the Trust shall make a cash payment based on the closing price of the
Shares of beneficial interest on the American Stock Exchange on the day after
this amendment is filed with the Secretary of State of the Commonwealth of
Massachusetts or if there is no trading on that date based on the arithmetical
mean between the prevailing bid and asked prices on the American Stock Exchange
on that day, to holders thereof who would otherwise be entitled to receive
fractional shares except for the provisions hereof upon surrender of
certificates representing those shares to the authorized agency. The ownership
of such fractional interests shall not entitle the holder thereof to any voting,
dividend of other right except the right to receive payment therefore as
described above. [The aforementioned stock split occurred on or about August
1986 pursuant to the terms of the Certificate of Amendment of the Second Amended
and Restated Declaration of Trust.]

Section 6.2 Shares Represent Beneficial Interest or Preferred Interest. It is
the intention of the Trustees to create only the relationship of Trustee and
beneficiary between the Trustees and each Shareholder from time to time, and to
give each Shareholder only such rights and to impose upon him only such
obligations as are conferred or imposed upon him as a beneficiary hereunder. It
is not the intention of the Trustees to create a general partnership, limited
partnership, joint stock association, corporation, bailment or any form of legal
relationship other than a business trust.

Nothing in this Declaration of Trust or in the certificates of Shares shall be
construed to make the holders of said certificates, either by themselves or with
the Trustees, partners or members of an association other than a business trust.

Section 6.3 Certificates and Transfer. Every Shareholder shall be entitled to
receive a certificate, in such form as the Trustees shall from time to time
approve, specifying the number of Shares held by such Shareholder. Except as
provided by Sections 6.20 and 6.21, such certificates shall be treated as
negotiable and title thereto, and to the Shares represented hereby shall be
transferred by delivery thereof to the same extent in all respects as stock
certificates, and the Shares represented thereby, of a Massachusetts business
corporation. Unless otherwise determined by the Trustees and except as provided
in Section 3, 6 hereof, such certificates shall be signed by the President and
Secretary, and shall be countersigned by a transfer agent, and registered by a
registrar, if any. There shall be filed with each transfer agent and registrar,
if any, a copy of the authorized form of certificate, certified by the President
and Secretary, and such form shall continue to be used unless and until the
Trustees approve some other form. Certificates for Shares shall bear the legend
required by Section 6.20.

6.4 Issuance of Shares and Fractional Shares. The Trustees, in their discretion,
may from time to time without vote of the Shareholders issue Shares, in addition
to the then issued and outstanding Shares and Shares held in the treasury, to
such party or parties and, except as required in Section 6.1 hereof, for such
payment, property or other consideration, at such time or times, and on such
terms as the Trustees may deem best, and may in such manner acquire other assets
(including the acquisition of assets subject to and in connection with the
assumption of liabilities). In connection with any issuance of Shares, the
Trustees may issue fractional Shares or may provide for the issuance of scrip
for fractions of Shares and determine the terms of such scrip including, without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, the time within which any such scrip
must be surrendered for exchange into Shares and the rights, if any, of holders
of scrip upon the expiration of the time so fixed, the rights, if any, to
receive proportional distributions, and the rights, if any, to redeem scrip for
cash, or the Trustees may in their discretion, or if they see fit at the option
of each holder, provide in lieu of scrip for the adjustment of fractions in
cash. The provisions of Section 6.3 and Section 6.20 hereof relative to
certificates for Shares shall apply so far as appropriate to such scrip, except
that such scrip may in the discretion of the Trustees be signed by a transfer
agent alone notwithstanding that there is then a registrar for the Shares.

Section 6.5 Shareholder Register. A register shall be kept by or on behalf of
the Trustees, under the direction of the Trustees, which shall contain the names
and addresses of the Shareholders; the number of Shares held by each of them;
the number of the certificates representing such Shares; and a record of all
transfers thereof. Only Shareholders whose certificates are so recorded shall be
entitled to vote, receive dividends or distributions, or otherwise to exercise
or enjoy the rights of Shareholders. No Shareholder shall be entitled to receive
payment of any dividend or distribution, nor to have notice given to him as
herein provided, until he has given his address to a transfer agent or such
other officer or agent of the Trustees as shall keep the register for entry
thereon.

Section 6.6 Transfer Agents and Registrars. The Trustees shall have power to
employ a transfer agent or transfer agents and registrar or registrars. The
transfer agent or transfer agents may keep the register provided for in Section
6.5 hereof and record therein the original issues and transfers, if any, of
Shares and countersign certificates of Shares issued to the persons entitled to
the same. Any such transfer agent or transfer agents and registrar or registrars
shall perform the duties usually performed by transfer agents and registrars of
certificates of stock in a corporation, except as modified by the Trustees. In
accordance with the usual custom of corporations having a transfer agent, signed
certificates for Shares in blank may be deposited with any transfer agent of the
Trust, to be used by the transfer agent in accordance with the authority
conferred upon it as occasion may require, and in doing so the signers of such
certificates shall not be responsible for any loss resulting therefrom.

Section 6.7 Method of Transfer. Shares shall be transferable on the records of
the Trust, other than by operation of law, only by the record holder thereof or
by his agent thereunto duly authorized in writing, upon delivery to the Trustees
or a transfer agent of the Trust of the certificate therefor, properly endorsed
or accompanied by a duly executed instrument of transfer, with all transfer
taxes affixed, together with such evidence of the genuineness of each such
endorsement, execution, and authorization and of other matters as may reasonably
be required by the Trust or the transfer agent. Upon such delivery the transfer
shall be recorded on the register of the Trust and a new certificate for the
Shares so transferred shall be issued to the transferee, and in case of a
transfer of only a part of the Shares represented by any certificate, a new
certificate for the residue thereof, shall be issued to the transferor. But
until such record is made, the Shareholder of record shal1 be deemed to be the
holder of such Shares for all purposes hereof and neither the Trustees nor any
transfer agent or registrar nor any officer or agent of the Trust shall be
affected by any notice of the proposed transfer. This Section 6.7 is subject in
all respects to the provisions of Section 6.20 and 6.21 hereof.

Section 6.8 Transfers by Operation of Law. Any person becoming entitled to any
Shares in consequence of the death, bankruptcy or incompetence of any
Shareholder, or otherwise by operation of law, shall be recorded as the holder
of such Shares and receive a new certificate therefor upon production of the
proper evidence thereof and delivery of the existing certificate to the Trustees
or a transfer agent of the Trust. But until such record is made, the Shareholder
of record shall be deemed to be the holder of such Shares for all purposes
hereof and neither the Trustees nor any transfer agent or registrar nor any
officer or agent of the Trust shall be affected by any notice of such death,
bankruptcy or incompetence, or other event. This Section 6.8 is subject in all
respects to the provisions of Sections 6.20 and 6.21 hereof.

Section 6.9 Form of Ownership of Shares. The Trustee may treat two or more
Persons holding any Shares as joint tenants of the entire interest unless their
ownership is expressly otherwise recorded on the register of the Trust provided
for in Section 6.5 hereof, but no entry shall be made in the register or in any
certificates that any person is in any other manner entitled to any future.
limited, or contingent interest in any Shares; provided, however, that any
Person recorded as a holder of any Shares may, subject to the provisions
hereinafter contained, be described in the register provided for in Section 6.5
hereof or in any certificate as a fiduciary of any kind and any customary words
may be added to the description of the holder to identify the nature of such
fiduciary relationship.

Section 6.10 Limitation of Trustees' Duty to Inquire. The Trustees shall not,
nor shall the Shareholders, or any officer, transfer agent or other agent of the
Trust or of the Trustees, be bound to see to the execution of any trust,
express, implied or constructive, or of any charge, pledge or equity to which
any of the Shares or any interest therein are subject or to ascertain or inquire
whether any sale or transfer of any such Shares or interests therein by any such
Shareholder or his personal representatives is authorized by such trust, charge,
pledge or equity, or to recognize any person as having any interest therein
except for the Persons recorded as such Shareholders. The receipt of the Person
in whose name any Share is recorded, or, if such Share is recorded in the names
of more than one Person, the receipt of any one of such Persons, or, the receipt
of the duly authorized agent of any such Person shall be a sufficient discharge
for all dividends and other money and for all shares, notes, debentures, bonds,
obligations, scrip, and other property payable. issuable or deliverable in
respect of any such Share and from all liability to see to the proper
application thereof.

Section 6.11 Replacement of Lost Certificates. If any certificate representing
Securities of the Trust shall be lost, stolen, destroyed or mutilated, the
Trustees, upon submission of evidence satisfactory to them of such fact, may
issue a new certificate representing such Securities and in that connection may
require a bond of indemnity satisfactory to them.

Section 6.12 Dividends, Distributions and Retained Earnings. Subject to the
rights of the holders of shares of preferred stock the Trustees may from time to
time declare and pay to the holders of shares of beneficial interest, in
proportion to their respective ownership of shares of beneficial interest, out
of the earnings, profits, surplus, capital or assets in the hands of the
Trustees, such dividends or other distributions as they see fit. The declaration
and payment of such dividends or other distributions and the determination of
earnings, profits, surplus and capital available for dividends and other
purposes shall lie wholly in the discretion of the Trustees and no Shareholder
shall be paid any dividend or receive any distribution, except as determined by
the Trustees in the exercise of said discretion. In the event the Trust is being
operated as a "real estate investment trust" as described in the REIT Provisions
of the Internal Revenue Code, the Trustees shall endeavor from time to time to
declare and pay such dividends and distributions as shall be necessary for the
Trust to qualify for the tax benefits accorded a real estate investment trust
under the REIT Provisions of the Internal Revenue Code. The Trustees may, in
addition, from time to time in their discretion, declare and pay as dividends or
other distributions such additional amounts, whether or not out of earnings,
profits or surplus available therefor, sufficient to enable the Trust to avoid
or reduce its liability for Federal income taxes, inasmuch as the computations
of net income and gains for Federal income tax purposes may vary from the
computations thereof on the books of the Trust. Any or all such dividends or
other distributions may be made, in whole or in part, in cash, property or other
assets of the Trust, or in senior or subordinated secured or unsecured evidences
of indebtedness of the Trust, as the Trustees may in their sole discretion from
time to time determine. The Trustees may also distribute to the Shareholders, in
proportion to their respective ownership of Shares, additional Shares in such
manner and on such terms as they may deem proper. The Trustees, except as
otherwise required by this Section 6.12, may always retain from the net profits
such amounts as they may deem necessary to pay the debts and expenses of the
Trust, to meet obligations of the Trust, to establish reserves, or as they may
deem desirable to use in the conduct of its affairs or to retain for future
requirements or extensions of the business.

Section 6.13 Statement of Source of Distributed Funds. On an annual basis, the
Trustees shall furnish Shareholders with a statement in writing, for tax
purposes, advising as to the source of any funds distributed to Shareholders so
that distributions of ordinary income, return of capital and capital gains
income will be clearly distinguished. Such statements shall be forwarded to
Shareholders no later than March 31 in each year.

Section 6.14 Shareholders Notices. Any and all notices to which any Shareholder
hereunder may be entitled and any and all communications shall be deemed duly
served or given if mailed, postage prepaid, addressed to any Shareholder of
record at his last known address as recorded on the register provided for in
Section 6.5 hereof.

Section 6.15 Purchase of Trust Shares. The Trustees may, on behalf of the Trust,
purchase or otherwise acquire outstanding Shares in the Trust from time to time
for such consideration and on such terms as they may deem proper. Shares so
purchased or acquired by the Trustees on behalf of the Trust shall not, so long
as they belong to the Trust, receive dividends or distributions, or be entitled
to any voting rights or be deemed outstanding for any purpose hereunder. Such
Shares may in the discretion of the Trustees be cancelled and the number of
Shares issued thereby reduced, or such Shares may in the discretion of the
Trustees be held in the treasury and may be disposed of by the Trustees at such
time or times, to such party or parties and for such consideration as the
Trustees may determine. Shares cancelled pursuant to this Section 6.15 are
restored to the status of authorized but unissued shares.

Section 6.16 Trustees May Purchase or Sell Shares. The Trustees, or any of them,
may in their individual capacity purchase and otherwise acquire or sell and
otherwise dispose of Shares or other Securities of the Trust and in so doing
shall be subject to the same limitations as a director of a Massachusetts
corporation.

Section 6.17 Information from Holders of Securities of the Trust. In the event
the Trust is being operated as a "real estate investment trust" as described in
the REIT Provision of the Internal Revenue Code, holders of Securities of the
Trust shall upon demand disclose to the Trustees in writing such information
regarding actual and constructive ownership of Securities of the Trust as the
Trustees deem reasonably necessary to comply with the REIT Provisions of the
Internal Revenue Code or the provisions of any other applicable law.

Section 6.18 Warrants. The Trustees, in their discretion, may from time to time
without vote of the Shareholders issue warrants to purchase Shares which shall
entitle the holders thereof to subscribe to Shares and/or fractional Shares or
scrip at such time or times and on such terms as the Trustees may prescribe
including, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the times within
which any such warrants must be exercised, any provision for redemption of
warrants by the Trust and the consideration to be paid for such Shares. Warrants
may be issued to such parties and for such consideration as the Trustees may
from time to time determine (including the issuance of detachable or
nondetachable warrants as an inducement to persons acquiring or underwriting any
Securities of the Trust). The provisions of Section 3.6 hereof relative to
certificates for Shares shall apply so far as appropriate to such warrants,
except that such warrants may, in the discretion of the Trustees, be signed by
the transfer agent or warrant agent only.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, no warrant, option or other similar right to buy
Securities of the Trust may be issued at an exercise price less than the fair
market value of such Securities at the time of the issuance thereof except as
part of a public offering or of a ratable issue to the holders of a class of
Securities of the Trust.

Section 6.19 No Pre-emptive Rights. Shareholders shall have no pre-emptive
rights with respect to any Shares, warrants, evidences of indebtedness
(convertible or otherwise) or other Securities of the Trust sold, offered or
issued at any time and no offering of any securities of the Trust need to be
made to Shareholders or any of them.

Section 6.20 Redemption and Stop Transfers for Tax Purposes. In the event the
Trust is being operated as a "real estate investment trust"' as described in the
REIT Provisions of the Internal Revenue Code and if the Trustees shall at any
time and in good faith be of the opinion that direct or indirect ownership of
Equity Securities of the Trust has or may become concentrated to an extent which
is contrary to the requirements of the REIT Provisions of the Internal Revenue
Code, the Trustees shall have the power, in their sole discretion, to refuse to
sell, transfer or deliver Shares to any person, corporation, partnership, trust
or any other legal entity, or to call for redemption from the person or entity
whose most recent acquisition or purchase of Shares resulted in a concentration
of Shares which is believed to be contrary to the REIT Provisions of the
Internal Revenue Code, a number of Shares held by such person or entity
sufficient in the opinion of the Trustees to bring the direct or indirect
ownership of Shares of the Trust into conformity with the requirements of the
REIT Provisions of the Code. The redemption price shall be equal to the fair
market value of the Shares as reflected in the closing bid price for the Shares
on the American Stock Exchange as of the date fixed for redemption. From and
after the date fixed for redemption by the Trustees, the holder of any Shares so
called for redemption shall cease to be entitled to dividends, voting rights and
other benefits with respect to such Shares, except only the right to payment of
the redemption price fixed as aforesaid.

Each certificate evidencing Equity Securities shall contain a legend imprinted
thereon to the following effect, or such other legends as the Trustees may from
time to time adopt:

          Provisions Relating to Redemption and Prohibition of Transfer

         If necessary to effect compliance by the Trust with certain
requirements of the Internal Revenue Code, the Securities represented by this
Certificate are subject to redemption by the Trustees of the Trust and the
transfer thereof may be prohibited upon the terms and conditions set forth in
the Declaration of Trust. The Trust will furnish a copy of such terms and
conditions to the registered holder of this Certificate upon request and without
charge.

Section 6.21 Issuance of Units. Notwithstanding any other provision of this
Declaration of Trust, the Trustees may issue from time to time units consisting
of different Securities of the Trust. Any Security issued in any such unit shall
have the same characteristics and shall entitle the registered holder thereof to
the same rights as any identical Securities issued by the Trustees, except that
the Trustees may provide (and may cause a notation to be placed on the
certificate representing such unit or Securities of the Trust issued in any such
unit) that for a specified period not to exceed one year after issuance,
Securities of the Trust issued in any such unit may be transferred upon the
books of Trust only in such unit.

                                   ARTICLE VII

                             RIGHTS OF SHAREHOLDERS

Section 7.1 Limits of Shareholder Interest. The ownership of the Trust Property
of every description and the right to conduct any business hereinbefore
described are vested exclusively in the Trustees, and the Shareholders shall
have no interest therein other than the interest conferred by their Shares, and
they shall have no right to call for any partition or division of any property,
profits, rights or interests of the Trust nor can they be called upon to share
or assume any losses of the Trust or suffer an assessment of any kind by virtue
of their ownership of Shares. The Shares shall be personal property giving only
the rights in this Declaration of Trust and in the certificates for Shares
specifically set forth. Notwithstanding any other provisions hereof, all real
estate at any time forming part of the Trust Property shall be held upon trust
subject to sale and conversion into personal estate at such time or times and in
such manner and upon such terms as the Trustees shall approve, but the Trustees
shall have power, until the termination of this Trust, to postpone such
conversion so long as they in their uncontrolled discretion shall think fit, and
for the purpose of determining the nature of the interest of the Shareholders
therein, all such real estate shall at all times be considered as personal
estate; and the real estate and personal property comprising the trust estate
shall constitute a single fund.

Section 7.2 Death of Shareholder. The death of a Shareholder during the
continuance of this Trust shall not terminate the Trust nor give his legal
representatives a right to an accounting or to take any action in the courts or
otherwise against other Shareholders or the Trustees or the property held
hereunder, but shall simply entitle the legal representatives of the deceased
Shareholder to demand and receive, pursuant to Section 6.8 hereof, a new
certificate for Shares in place and upon surrender of the certificate held by
the deceased Shareholder, and upon the acceptance of such new certificate such
legal representatives shall succeed to all the rights of the deceased
Shareholder under this Trust.

Section 7.3 Meetings of Shareholders.

(a) Annual Meetings. Annual meetings of the Shareholders shall be held on such
date at such place within or without the Commonwealth of Massachusetts on such
day and at such time as the Trustees shall designate. The business transacted at
such meeting shall include the election of Trustees and may include the
transaction of such other business as Shareholders may be entitled to vote upon
as hereinafter provided in this Article or as the Trustees may determine. The
holders of a majority of outstanding Shares entitled to vote present in person
or by proxy shall constitute a quorum at any annual or special meeting. Failure
to hold the Annual Meeting shall not work forfeiture or affect the existence of
the Trust, nor shall such failure affect valid acts of the Trust. The first
Annual Meeting of Shareholders shall be held within six months after the end of
the first full fiscal year of the Trust. In the event that an Annual Meeting is
not held in a year as above provided in this Section 7.3, a Special Meeting of
Shareholders may be held in lieu thereof with all the force and effect of an
Annual Meeting.

(b) Special Meetings. Special meetings of the Shareholders may be called at any
time by the President or a majority of the Trustees and shall be called by the
Secretary of the Trust upon written request of Shareholders holding in the
aggregate not less than 20% of the outstanding Shares having voting rights, such
request specifying the purpose or purposes for which such meeting is to be
called. Any such meeting shall be held within or without the Commonwealth of
Massachusetts on such day and at such time as the Trustees shall designate. In
case none of the officers is able and willing to call a special meeting,
Shareholders holding in the aggregate not less than 20% of the outstanding
Shares having voting rights may bring an action in the appropriate court in the
Commonwealth of Massachusetts to authorize one or more of such Shareholders to
call a meeting by giving such notice as is required by law.

(c) Shareholder Action by Written Consent. Any action required herein to be
taken by Shareholders at a meeting may be taken without a meeting if a majority
of the Shareholders entitled to vote on the matter (or such larger portion
thereof as shall be required by any express provision of this Declaration of
Trust) consent to the action in writing and the written consents are filed with
the records of the meeting of Shareholders. Such consent shall be treated for
all purposes as a vote taken at a meeting of Shareholders.

Section 7.4 Notice of Meetings. Notice of all meetings of the Shareholders
stating the time, place and purpose of such meeting shall be mailed or delivered
by a Trustee or Trustees or an officer or agent of the Trust to each Shareholder
at his registered address at least ten (10) days and not more than sixty (60)
days before the meeting. No business shall be transacted at any Special Meeting
of Shareholders unless notice of such business has been given in the notice of
the meeting. An adjourned meeting may be held as adjourned without further
notice.

Section 7.5 Majority for Quorum. The presence in person or by proxy of the
holders of a majority of the Shares issued, outstanding and entitled to vote,
shall be necessary to constitute a quorum at all Shareholders' meetings for the
transaction of business. If a quorum shall not be present, a majority of the
Shareholders entitled to vote thereat, present in person or represented by
proxy, shall have power to adjourn from time to time the meeting until a quorum
shall be present or represented. At any adjourned meeting at which a quorum
shall be present or represented, any business may be transacted which might have
been transacted at the meeting as originally notified.

Section 7.6 Voting Rights of Shareholders. At all meetings of Shareholders each
holder of Beneficial Shares shall be entitled to cast one vote for each Share of
beneficial interest owned upon each Matter presented for vote. At all meetings
of Shareholders each share of Preferred Stock shall have such vote, if any, as
shall be determined by the Board of Trustees in accordance with Section 6.1
hereof. The Shareholders shall be entitled to vote only upon the following
matters: (a) election of Trustees as provided in Section 2.2 hereof; (b) removal
and election of Trustees as provided in Sections 2.3 hereof; (c) amendment of
this Declaration of Trust or termination of this Trust as provided in Section
8.1 hereof; (d) any merger or consolidation of the Trust or the sale, lease or
exchange of all or substantially all of the property and assets of the Trust,
including its good will, as provided in Section 8.2; (e) termination as provided
in Section 3.26 hereof of any agreement entered into pursuant thereto; and (f)
to the same extent as the shareholders of a Massachusetts business corporation,
on the question of whether or not a court action, proceeding or claim should be
brought or maintained derivatively or as a class action on behalf of the Trust
or its Shareholders. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, each such
matter shall require the affirmative vote of the holders of not less than a
majority of the Shares then outstanding and entitled to vote. Except with
respect to the foregoing matters specified in this Section 7.6 which the
specified Shareholders' vote shall determine the Trustees' action, no action
taken by the Shareholders at any meeting shall in any way bind the Trustees.

Section 7.7 Record Date for Meetings. For the purpose of determining the
Shareholders who are entitled to vote or act at any meeting or any adjournment
thereof, or who are entitled to participate in any dividend or distribution, or
for the purpose of any other action, the Trustees may from time to time close
the transfer books for such period, not exceeding 30 days, as the Trustees may
determine; or without closing the transfer books the Trustees may fix a date not
more than 60 days prior to the date of any meeting of Shareholders or dividend
payment or other action as a record date for the determination of Shareholders
entitled to vote at such meeting or any adjournment thereof or to receive such
dividend or to be treated as Shareholders of record for purposes of such other
action, and any Shareholder who was a Shareholder at the time so fixed shall be
entitled to vote at such meeting or any adjournment thereof or to receive such
dividend, even though he has since that date disposed of his Shares, and no
Shareholder becoming such after that date shall be so entitled to vote at such
meeting or any adjournment thereof or to receive such dividend or to be treated
as a Shareholder of record for purposes of such other action.

Section 7.8 Proxies. At any meeting of the Shareholders, any Shareholder
entitled to vote therefore may vote by proxy, provided, however that no proxy
shall be voted at any meeting unless it shall have been filed with the Secretary
of the Trust before the time set for the commencement of the meeting, or at such
time prior to the commencement of the meeting as may be fixed by the By-Laws of
the Trust as the Secretary may direct. Neither fractional Shares nor scrip shall
be entitled to any vote. When any full Share is held jointly by several persons,
any one of them may vote at any meeting in person or by proxy in respect of such
Share, but if more than one of them shall be present at such meeting in person
or by proxy in respect of such Share, and such joint owners or their proxies so
present disagree as to any vote to be cast, such vote shall not be received in
respect of such Share. If the holder of any such Share is a minor or a person of
unsound mind and subject to guardianship or to the legal control of any other
person as regards the charge or management of such Share, he may vote by his
guardian or such other person appointed or having such control, and such vote
may be given in person or by proxy. A proxy purporting to be executed by or on
behalf of a Shareholder shall be deemed valid unless challenged at or prior to
its exercise, and the burden of proving invalidity shall rest upon the
challenger.

Section 7.9 Reports. The Trustees shall cause to be prepared at least annually a
report of operations containing a balance sheet and statement of income and
undistributed income of the Trust prepared in conformity with generally accepted
accounting principles and an opinion of an independent certified public
accountant or independent public accountant on the financial statements based on
an examination of the books and records of the Trust, and made in accordance
with generally accepted auditing standards. A signed copy of such report and
opinion shall be filed with the Trustees within 90 days after the close of the
period covered thereby, and with any state securities or "Blue Sky"
administrator or other similar authority who requests that such report be filed.
Copies of such reports shall be mailed to all Shareholders of record within 120
days of the period covered by the report, and in any event within a reasonable
period preceding the annual meeting of Shareholders. The Trustees shall, in
addition, furnish to the Shareholders, promptly after the end of each of the
first three quarterly periods of every fiscal year, an interim report containing
an unaudited balance sheet of the Trust as at the end of such quarterly period
and a statement of income and surplus for the period from the beginning of the
current fiscal year to the end of such quarterly period. The Trustees shall also
file with any state securities or "Blue Sky" administrator or similar authority
who requests it, a copy of said interim report.

Section 7.10 Inspection of Records. The records of the Trust shall be open to
inspection by Shareholders to the same extent as is permitted shareholders of a
Massachusetts business corporation. Any federal or state securities or "Blue
Sky" administrator or other similar authority shall have the right, at
reasonable times during business hours and for proper purposes, to inspect the
books of account of the Trust and the records of the meetings of Shareholders
and Trustees.

                                  ARTICILE VIII

                        AMENDMENT OR TERMINATION OF TRUST

Section 8.1 Amendment or Termination. The provisions of this Declaration of
Trust may be amended or altered (except as to the limitations of personal
liability of the Shareholders and Trustees, the requirement of an exculpatory
recital contained in Section 5.6 hereof and the prohibition of assessments upon
Shareholders), or the Trust may be terminated at any meeting of Shareholders
called for the purpose, by the affirmative vote of the holders of not less than
a majority of the Shares then outstanding and entitled to vote, or by an
instrument or instruments in writing, without a meeting, signed by a majority of
the Trustees and the holders of not less than a majority of the Trustees and the
holders of not less than a majority of such Shares; provided, however, that,
with the advice of counsel, the Trustees may, from time to time by a two-thirds
vote of the Trustees, amend or alter the provisions of this Declaration of Trust
(except as to the limitations of personal liability of the Shareholders and
Trustees, the requirement of an exculpatory recital contained in Section 5.6
hereof and the prohibition of assessments upon Shareholders), without the vote
or assent of the Shareholders, in the event the Trust is being operated as a
"real estate investment" as described in the REIT Provisions of the Internal
Revenue Code, to the extent deemed by the Trustees in good faith to be necessary
to meet the requirements for qualification as a real estate investment trust
under the REIT Provisions of the Internal Revenue Code or any interpretation
thereof by a Court or other governmental agency of competent jurisdiction.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, no amendment may be made pursuant to this Section
8.1 which would change any rights with respect to any outstanding shares of the
Trust by reducing the amount payable thereon upon liquidation of the Trust or by
diminishing or eliminating any voting rights pertaining thereto, except with the
vote or written consent of the holders of two-thirds of the outstanding Shares
entitled to vote thereon. Notice of any amendment to the Trust effected
otherwise than by Shareholder vote shall be given to all Shareholders within 15
days after the date such amendment becomes effective.

At the next meeting of Shareholders after the Trustees shall have notified the
Shareholders that an amendment to the Declaration of Trust has been effected
otherwise than by Shareholder vote, there shall be submitted to the Shareholders
for their approval or disapproval by the affirmative vote of the holders of not
less than a majority of the Shares then outstanding and entitled to vote the
question as to whether such amendment should be rescinded.

Upon the termination of the Trust pursuant to this Section 8.1:

(a) The Trust shall carry on no business except for the purpose of winding up
its affairs.

(b) The Trustees shall proceed to wind up the affairs of the Trust and all of
the powers of the Trustees under this Declaration of Trust shall continue until
the affairs of the Trust shall have been wound up, including the power to
fulfill or discharge the contracts of the Trust, collect its assets, sell,
convey, assign, exchange, transfer or otherwise dispose of all or any part of
the remaining Trust Property to one or more persons at public or private sale
for consideration which may consist in whole or in part of cash, securities or
other property of any kind, discharge or pay its liabilities, and do all other
acts appropriate to liquidate its business; provided, however that any sale,
conveyance, assignment, exchange, transfer or other disposition of all or
substantially all of the Trust Property shall require approval of the principal
terms of the transaction and the nature and amount of the consideration by
affirmative vote of not less than a majority of all outstanding Shares entitled
to vote.

(c) After paying or adequately providing for the payment of all liabilities, and
upon receipt of such releases, indemnities and refunding agreements as they deem
necessary for their protection, the Trustees may distribute the remaining Trust
Property, in cash or in kind or partly each, among the Shareholders according to
their respective rights.
Upon termination of the Trust as provided in this Section 8.1, a majority of the
Trustees shall execute and lodge among the records of the Trust and with the
Secretary of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts an instrument in writing setting
forth the fact of such termination, and the Trustees shall thereupon be
discharged from all further liabilities and duties hereunder, and the right,
title and interest of all Shareholders shall cease and be cancelled and
discharged.

Section 8.2 Power to Effect Reorganization. The Trustees, after receiving an
affirmative vote of not less than a majority of the Shares then outstanding and
entitled to vote may select or direct the organization of a corporation,
association, trust or other organization with which the Trust may merge, or
which shall take over the Trust property and carry on the affairs of the Trust.
The Trustees may effect such merger or may sell, convey and transfer the Trust
Property to any such corporation, association, trust or organization in exchange
for shares or securities thereof, or beneficial interest therein with the
assumption by such transferee of the liabilities of the Trust; and thereupon the
Trustees shall terminate the Trust and deliver such shares, securities or
beneficial interest ratably among the Shareholders of this Trust in redemption
of their Shares.

Section 8.3 Compliance with Internal Revenue Code. (a) In the event the Trust is
being operated as a "real estate investment trust" as described in the REIT
Provisions of the Internal Revenue Code, the provisions of this Declaration of
Trust giving the Shareholders the right to elect Trustees and the right to amend
and terminate the Trust shall be subject to the requirements of the Internal
Revenue Code. If any provision granting or limiting such Shareholders' rights
shall conflict with the requirements of Sections 856, 857 or 858 of the Internal
Revenue Code, such provision shall be deemed to be void and without any force or
effect ab initio, but any action taken pursuant to any such provision shall have
been validly taken upon the vote of the Trustees required hereunder. In the
event that the provision relating to the election of Trustees by the
Shareholders of the Trust shall be deemed to be without force or effect, the
Trustees then in office shall be deemed to be the acting Trustees until such
time as the successor Trustees have been named and accepted their appointments.
At the next meeting of Shareholders after the Trustees shall have notified the
Shareholders that any or all of the Shareholders' rights hereunder created such
a conflict and, therefore, are without force and effect, there shall be
submitted to the Shareholders for their approval or disapproval by the
affirmative vote of the holders of not less than a majority of the Shares then
outstanding and entitled to vote the question as to whether such Shareholders'
right or rights should be restored. If the Shareholders vote to restore such
right or rights, the Trustees, without the necessity of further Shareholder
action, shall promptly take all action necessary to effect any amendments to the
Declaration of Trust necessary to restore such right or rights.

(b) If any provisions of this Declaration of Trust shall be held invalid or
unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity or unenforceability shall
attach only to such provision in such jurisdiction and shall not in any manner
affect or render invalid or unenforceable such provision in any other
jurisdiction or any other provision of this Declaration of Trust in any
jurisdiction.

Section 8.4 Trustees May Terminate Prior to Effective Date. Notwithstanding any
other provision hereof, until such time as a Registration Statement under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, covering the first public offering of
Securities of the Trust shall have become effective, this Declaration of Trust
may be terminated or amended in any respect by the affirmative vote of a
majority of the Trustees or by an instrument signed by a majority of the
Trustees.

                                   ARTICLE IX

                                  MISCELLANEOUS

Section 9.1 Recording. This Declaration of Trust is executed by the Trustees and
is delivered in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and with reference to the laws
thereof, and the rights of all parties and the construction and effect of every
provision hereof shall be subject to and construed according to the laws of said
Commonwealth. As soon as reasonably practicable after its execution, this
Declaration of Trust and any amendment hereto shall be filed with the Secretary
of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and shall be recorded with the Clerk of the
City of Boston, Massachusetts, and in all other offices in which such recording
may be required from time to time by the laws of the Commonwealth of
Massachusetts to qualify the Trust as a Business Trust under the provisions of
Chapter 182 of the Massachusetts General Laws, and in the office of the county
recorder of any county where land and/or improvements thereon owned by the Trust
are located. The Trustees shall also cause to be filed with the Secretary of the
Commonwealth appropriate instruments disclosing changes in the persons who are
Trustees of the Trust, but such filing shall not be deemed a condition to the
effectiveness of, and the failure to so file shall not be deemed to invalidate,
any election or appointment of any person as a Trustee or the resignation or
removal of a Trustee.

Each amendment filed to this Declaration of Trust shall be accompanied by a
certificate signed and acknowledged by a Trustee stating that such action was
duly taken in a manner provided herein; and unless such amendment or such
certificate filed with the Secretary of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts sets
forth some earlier or later time for the effectiveness of such amendment, such
amendment shall be effective upon its filing with the Secretary of said
Commonwealth. A restated Declaration, containing the original Declaration and
all amendments theretofore made, may be executed any time or from time to time
by a majority of the Trustees and shall, upon filing with the Secretary of the
Commonwealth of Massachusetts, be conclusive- evidence of all amendments
contained therein and may thereafter be referred to in lieu of the original
Declaration and the various amendments thereto.

Section 9.2 Counterparts. This Declaration of Trust and any amendment hereof may
be simultaneously executed in several counterparts, each of which so executed
shall be deemed to be an original, and such counterparts together shall
constitute one and the same instrument, which shall be sufficiently evidenced by
any such counterpart.

Section 9.3 Reliance by Third Parties. Any certificate executed by a person who,
according to the records of the Trust or according to the records of the
Secretary of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, appears to be a Trustee
hereunder, certifying to: (a) the number or identity of Trustees or
Shareholders, (b) the due authorization of the execution of any instrument or
writing or the due authorization of any action taken or to be taken by any
Trustee, officer, agent or employee of the Trust, (c) the form of any vote
passed at a meeting of Trustees or Shareholders, (d) the fact that the number of
Trustees or Shareholders present at any meeting or executing any written
instrument satisfies the requirements of this Declaration of Trust, (e) the form
of any By-Law adopted by or the identity of any officers elected by the
Trustees, or (f) the existence of any fact or facts which in any manner relate
to the affairs of the Trust, shall be conclusive evidence as to the matters so
certified in favor of any person dealing with the Trustees or any of them and
the successors of such person.

Section 9.4 Governing Law. This Declaration of Trust is executed by the Trustees
and delivered in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and with reference to the
laws thereof, and the rights of all parties and the validity, construction and
effect of every provision hereof shall be subject to and construed according to
the laws of said Commonwealth.

Section 9.5 Construction of Trust Instrument. In the construction of this
Declaration of Trust, whether or not so expressed, words used in the singular or
in the plural respectively include both the plural and singular, words denoting
males include females and words denoting persons include individuals, firms,
associations, companies (joint stock or otherwise), trusts and corporations,
unless a contrary intention is to be inferred from or required by the subject
matter or context. The cover, title, headings of different parts hereof, the
table of contents, the index of definitions and the marginal notes, if any, are
inserted only for convenience of reference and are not to be taken to be any
part hereof or to control or affect the meaning, construction, interpretation or
effect hereof.


<PAGE>



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                    ARTICLE X

                                DURATION OF TRUST

Section 10.1 Duration. Subject to possible termination in accordance with the
provisions of Article VIII hereof, the Trust created hereby shall continue until
the expiration of 20 years after the death of the last survivor of the initial
Trustees named herein and the following named persons:
<S>                         <C>                      <C>                                <C>

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Name                        Birthday                 Parents' Name                       Address
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Kory Lewis Berg             May 5, 1960              Kenneth & Mildred E. Berg           8 Fairway Drive
                                                                                         Edison, New Jersey 08817
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Robert Eric Berg            Dec. 9, 1962             Kenneth & Mildred E. Berg           8 Fairway Drive
                                                                                         Edison, New Jersey 08817

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Lee Steven Berg             January 6, 1958          Leonard & Thelma G. Berg            6 Moraine Road
                                                                                         Edison, New Jersey 08817
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Lon Thomas Berg             Nov. 9, 1960             Leonard & Thelma G. Berg            6 Moraine Road
                                                                                         Edison, New Jersey 08817
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Lori Marlane Berg           Aug. 21, 1965            Leonard & Thelma G. Berg            6 Moraine Road
                                                                                         Edison, New Jersey 08817
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Linda Louise Berg           Aug. 21, 1965            Leonard & Thelma G. Berg            6 Moraine Road
                                                                                         Edison, New Jersey 08817
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Jeffrey Michael Beck        Dec. 24, 1953            Felix M. & Doris Beck               70 Springbrook Road
                                                                                         Livingston, New Jersey 07039
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Bruce David Beck            Sept. 18, 1956           Felix M. & Doris Beck               70 Springbrook Road
                                                                                         Livingston, New Jersey
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Steven Paul Beck            Oct. 21, 1960            Felix M. & Doris Beck               70 Springbrook Road
                                                                                         Livingston, New Jersey 07039
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Tracey Jill Watson          July 26, 1958            Robert E. & Ann Watson              290 N. Wyoming Avenue,
                                                                                         South Orange, New Jersey
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Todd David Watson           March 1, 1962            Robert E. & Ann Watson              290 N. Wyoming Avenue,
                                                                                         South Orange, New Jersey
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Elizabeth Marmora           April 28, 1964           Joseph J. & Virginia Marmora        907 Darlene Avenue
                                                                                         Wanamassa, New Jersey
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Paul Marmora                Mar. 23, 1966            Joseph J. & Virginia Marmora        907 Darlene Avenue
                                                                                         Wanarnassa, New Jersey
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Jeffery Keith Weiner        Mar.16, 1961             David & Eileen Weiner               10 Fairview Drive
                                                                                         Middletown, New Jersey
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Joanna Beth Weiner          Aug.19, 1967             David & Eileen Weiner               10 Fairview Drive
                                                                                         Middletown, New Jersey
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Erik Helistrom Freund       Jan. 8, 1966             James C. & Barbra Freund            277 West End Avenue
                                                                                         New York, New York 10023
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Thomas Hagstrom             Aug. 28, 1968            James C. & Barbra Freund            277 West End Avenue
Freund                                                                                   New York, New York 10023
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Daniel Phillip Weiner       March 7, 1956            Samuel & Eva Weiner                 2 River Lane
                                                                                         Westport, Conn. 06880
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
David Michel Weiner         Jan. 4, 1958             Samuel & Eva Weiner                 2 River Lane
                                                                                         Westport, Conn. 06880
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Sara Michelle Weiner        Feb. 18, 1960            Samuel &. Eva Weiner                2 River Lane
                                                                                         Westport, Conn. 06880
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Louis Howard Kozloff        Jan. 13, 1971            David M. & Jeraldine                1507 Garfield Ave.
                                                     D. Kozloff                          Wyoming, Penna. 19610
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

</TABLE>





IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the undersigned, being presently a Trustee of BRT
Realty Trust, has executed this Third Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust
as of October 5, 2005.


/s/ Kenneth F. Bernstein
------------------------
Kenneth F. Bernstein *

/s/ Patrick J. Callan
---------------------
Patrick J. Callan *

/s/ Louis C. Grassi
-------------------
Louis C. Grassi *

/s/ Fredric H. Gould
--------------------
Fredric H. Gould *

/s/ Matthew J. Gould
--------------------
Matthew J. Gould *

/s/ Jeffrey A. Gould
--------------------
Jeffrey A. Gould *

/s/ David Herold
David Herold *

/s/ Gary Hurand
Gary Hurand *

/s/ Jeffrey Rubin
Jeffrey Rubin *

*The address of the above listed trustees is:

60 Cutter Mill Road, Suite 303, Great Neck, New York 11021



<PAGE>


                                   EXHIBIT 3.2

                          BERG ENTERPRISES REALTY GROUP
                   A Diversified Real Estate Investment Trust
                                     By-Laws

                                TABLE OF CONTENTS

                                    ARTICLE I
Name and Location
Section 1.1. Declaration of Trust..........................................36
Section 1.2. Place of Business.............................................36
Section 1.3. Other Offices.................................................36

                                             ARTICLE II
Meetings of Trustees
Section 2.1. Time..........................................................36
Section 2.2. Place.........................................................36
Section 2.3. Notice........................................................36
Section 2.4. Chairman of Meetings of the Trustees..........................36
Section 2.5. Action Without a Meeting......................................36

                                            ARTICLE III
Officers
Section 3.1. Titles........................................................37
Section 3.2. Elections.....................................................37
Section 3.3. Resignation; Removal; Filling of Vacancies....................37
Section 3.4. President.....................................................37
Section 3.5. Vice President................................................37
Section 3.6. Secretary.....................................................37
Section 3.7. Treasurer.....................................................37
Section 3.8. Comptroller...................................................37
Section 3.9. Assistant Officers............................................38

                                             ARTICLE IV
Committees
Section 4.1. Investment Committees.........................................38
Section 4.2. Other Committees..............................................38
Section 4.3. Organization..................................................38

                                             ARTICLE V
Meeting of the Shareholders................................................38

                                             ARTICLE VI
Reports....................................................................38

                                            ARTICLE VII
Fiscal Year................................................................38

                                            ARTICLE VIII
Seal.......................................................................38

                                             ARTICLE IX
Amendments to the By-Laws..................................................38




                          BERG ENTERPRISES REALTY GROUP
                   A Diversified Real Estate Investment Trust
                                     By-Laws



                                    ARTICLE I

                                Name and Location

Section 1.1.            Declaration of Trust.
                        --------------------

            These By-Laws are adopted pursuant to Section 2.8 of a Declaration
of Trust made as of June 16, 1972 (the "Declaration of Trust") of Berg
Enterprises Realty Group, a Massachusetts Business Trust (the "Trust").

Section 1.2.            Place of Business.
                        -----------------

            The principal place of business of the Trust shall be located in New
York, New York or at such other place as the Trustee may from time to time
determine.

Section 1.3.            Other Offices.
                        -------------

            Other offices for the transaction of business shall be located in
Boston, Massachusetts and at such places as the Trustees may from time to time
determine.

                                   ARTICLE II

                              Meetings of Trustees

Section 2.1.            Time.
                        ----

            An annual meeting of Trustees shall be held on such date as the
Trustee shall determine. The regular meetings of the Trustees shall be held at
least quarterly, as provided from time to time by resolution of the Trustees.
Special meetings of the Trustees shall be called by the President or Secretary
of the Trust upon his own motion or upon the request of any two of the Trustees.

Section 2.2.            Place.
                        ------

            All regular and special meetings of the Trustees shall be held at
the principal place of business of the Trustees, unless another place within or
outside the Commonwealth of Massachusetts is designated by the President, by the
Secretary or by a majority of the Trustees.

Section 2.3.            Notice.
                        ------

            Notice of the time and place of any special meeting of the Trustees
shall be given to each Trustee not less than 48 hours prior to such meeting.
Such notice may be given to each Trustee personally, by telephone, by telegram
or by mail, addressed to such Trustee in such address as appears on the records
of the Trust, and any notice so given by telegram or mail shall be deemed to
have been given when it shall have thus been telegraphed or mailed. If given in
writing, such notice need not be manually signed. A waiver of such notice in
writing signed by such Trustee, or by his duly authorized attorney, whether
before or after the time for the meeting as stated therein, shall be deemed the
equivalent of such notice. The attendance of a Trustee at a meeting shall
constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting except where a Trustee attends a
meeting for the express purpose of objecting to the transaction of any business
on the ground that the meeting has not been lawfully called or convened. Unless
otherwise specified in the notice, any and all business may be transacted at any
meeting of the Trustees.

Section 2.4.            Chairman of Meetings of the Trustees.
                        ------------------------------------

            The President of the Trust (or in the absence of the President,
another Trustee designated by vote of a majority of those Trustees present)
shall preside at all meetings of the Trustees.

Section 2.5.            Action Without a Meeting.
                        ------------------------

            Any action of the Trustees or of a committee taken without a meeting
may be taken without prior notice and without a vote if a consent in writing,
setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by a majority of the Trustees
then in office or the then members of the committee (as the case may be), or
such other proportion thereof as would be necessary to authorize or take such
action at a meeting of the Trustees or the committee (as the case may be) at
which all Trustees or all members of such committee (as the case may be) were
present, provided that notice of the taking of the action without a meeting by
less than unanimous written consent of the Trustees or the committee (as the
case may be) shall be given, within 15 days after the execution of such consent
by the last Trustee whose execution thereof shall be required for effective
action to be taken thereby, to those Trustees or members who have not so
consented in writing.

                                   ARTICLE III

                                    Officers

Section 3.1.            Titles.
                        ------

            The officers of the Trust shall include a President and may from
time to time include on or more Vice Presidents, a Treasurer, a Secretary, a
Controller, one or more Assistant Secretaries, Assistant Treasurers and such
other officers as may be elected or appointed in accordance with Section 2.7 of
the Declaration of Trust. Only the President need be a Trustee.

Section 3.2.            Elections.
                        ---------

            The officers shall be elected annually by the Trustees except that,
when authorized by the Board of Trustees, the President may appoint the officers
of the Trust other than himself. The officers shall hold office until such time
as their respective successors are duly elected or appointed and qualify. Such
elections or appointments shall take place at the annual meeting of the
Trustees; provided, however, that the election or appointment of officers to
serve during the period prior to the first annual meeting of the Trustees shall
take place at a special meeting of the Trustees to be held as soon as
practicable after the execution of the Declaration of Trust.


Section 3.3.            Resignation; Removal; Filling of Vacancies.

            Any elected or appointed officer may resign at any time by written
resignation delivered to the President or Secretary of the Trust and such
resignation shall be effective upon such delivery or at such later date as may
be specified in the resignation. Any elected or appointed officer may be removed
from office, at any time with or without cause, by a vote of a majority of the
Trustees at a meeting duly called. Any vacancy in an elective office resulting
from removal, resignation or death may be filled by the Trustees at any regular
or special meeting, but only for the remainder of the period ending with the
next annual meeting of Trustees.

Section 3.4.            President.
                        ---------

            The President shall be the principal executive officer of the Trust
and shall have general supervision of the affairs and activities of the Trust as
authorized and directed by the Trustees and shall submit an annual report of the
activities of the Trust at the annual meeting of the Trustees. He shall preside
at all meeting of the Shareholders and at all meeting of the Trustees and shall
have such other duties as the Trustees shall from time to time prescribe.

Section 3.5.            Vice President.
                        --------------

            Each Vice President shall be an administrative officer of the Trust
and shall have such duties as the Trustees shall from time to time prescribe.

Section 3.6.            Secretary.
                        ---------

            The Secretary shall act as the clerk of all meetings of the Trustees
and Shareholders and shall record the proceedings of all such meetings in a book
kept for that purpose. The Secretary, or, in his absence, any Assistant
Secretary, shall give any required notice of such meetings and shall distribute
a copy of the record of all such proceedings to each Trustee. He shall have
custody of a seal of the Trust and shall perform all the duties incident to the
office of the Secretary and shall have such other duties as the Trustees shall
from time to time prescribe. He shall be responsible for the verification (as
required by the Declaration of Trust) of all proxies.

Section 3.7.            Treasurer.
                        ---------

            The Treasurer shall be the principal financial officer of the Trust
and shall have custody of the fund of the Trust. He shall perform such other
duties as the Trustees shall from time to time prescribe. All checks, drafts or
orders for the payment of money shall be signed by the Treasurer or by such
other officer or officers as the Trustee may designate. The Treasurer shall, at
the discretion of the Trustees, furnish at the expense of the Trust a fidelity
bond approved by the Trustees, in such amount as the Trustee may prescribe. In
the event that there is no elected Comptroller, the Treasurer shall be the
principal accounting officer of the Trust.

Section 3.8.            Comptroller.

            The Comptroller shall be the principal accounting officer of the
Trust. He shall keep full and accurate accounts of the receipts and
disbursements of the Trust in books belonging to the Trust and shall deposit all
monies in the name and to the credit of the Trust in such depositories as may be
designated from time to time by the Trustees. He shall be responsible for the
disbursement of the funds of the Trust as may be ordered by the Trustees, taking
proper vouchers for such disbursements, and shall render to the President of the
Trust or to the Trustees or to the officers of the Trust, whenever he or they
may require, an account of all his transactions as Comptroller and the condition
of the Trust accounts. He shall have such other duties as the Trustee shall from
time to time prescribe.

Section 3.9.            Assistant Officers.
                        ------------------

            The Trustees may from time to time elect assistant officers to
perform such duties as the Trustees shall from time to time prescribe.

                                   ARTICLE IV

                                   Committees

Section 4.1.            Investment Committees.

            The Trustees may appoint from their number one or more committees
each consisting of at least two Trustees to approve investment opportunities
presented to the Trust by the Advisor (as defined in the Declaration of Trust).
A majority of the members of any Investment Committee shall not be Affiliates of
the Advisor (as defined in the Declaration of Trust); provided, however, that
upon a failure to comply with said requirement because of the death,
resignation, removal or change in affiliation of a Trustee who is not such an
Affiliate, such requirement shall not be applicable for a period of 60 days,
during which time the remaining Trustees in office shall appoint a sufficient
number of other Trustees to comply with said requirement. The Trustees shall at
all times endeavor to comply with said requirement but failure to comply shall
not affect the validity or effectiveness of any action of such Committee. A
quorum for all meetings of an Investment Committee shall be a majority of the
members thereof. Unless specifically provided otherwise in the Declaration of
Trust, any action of any Investment Committee may be taken at a meeting by a
vote of a majority of the members present (a quorum being present) or without a
meeting by written consent of a majority of the members; any such action by an
Investment Committee without a meeting shall comply with the formalities
required of Trustee action without a meeting provided in Section 2.5 of these
By-laws.

Section 4.2.            Other Committees.
                        ----------------

            The Trustees may appoint from among their number such other
committees, of one or more Trustees, as they may from time to time deem
desirable, to continue for such time and to exercise such powers as the Trustees
may from time to time prescribe.

Section 4.3.            Organization.

            Subject to the Declaration of Trust and these By-Laws, each
committee appointed by the Trustees may, unless otherwise directed by the
Trustees, adopt such rules and regulations for the conduct of its affairs,
including the extent to which it may act without a meeting of the number of its
members required to approve specified actions, as it may deem desirable. Such
rules and regulations as may be adopted shall be those that are appropriate for
the conduct of said committee's affairs, consistent with the policy of the Trust
and subject to review and approval of the Trustees in those instances where the
Trustees may deem such review and approval desirable.

                                    ARTICLE V

                           Meeting of the Shareholders

            The annual meeting of Shareholders provided for in Section 7.3 of
the Declaration of Trust and all special meetings of the Shareholders shall be
held at the place designated and at a time and on a day fixed by the Trustees.
The time, day and location of each such meeting shall be included in the notice
of the meeting. If for any reason the annual meeting is not held on the date
provided, a subsequent meeting may be held in place thereof, and any business
transacted or elections held a such meeting shall be as valid as if transacted
or held at the annual meeting.

                                   ARTICLE VI
                                     Reports

            The Trustees and officers shall render reports at the time and in
the manner required by law, the Declaration of Trust and these By-Laws. Officers
and committees shall rendered such additional reports as may from time to time
be required by the Trustee.

                                   ARTICLE VII
                                   Fiscal Year

            The fiscal year of the Trust shall be as hereafter fixed from time
to time by resolution of the Trustees.

                                  ARTICLE VIII
                                      Seal

            The Trustees may from time to time by resolution adopt and revise a
seal for the Trust.

                                   ARTICLE IX
                           Amendments to the By-Laws

            These By-Laws may be amended or repealed, in whole or in part, at
any time at any meeting of the Trustees or by means of writings without a
meeting, by decision of a majority of the Trustees expressed in a resolution
passed at a meeting of the Trustees or expressed in writing signed by a majority
of the Trustees without a meeting; provided that no amendment to these By-Laws
shall conflict with any provision of the Declaration of Trust or law.


                                  EXHIBIT 10.1

                               ADVISORY AGREEMENT


         THIS AGREEMENT made this 7th day of February, 1983, by and between BRT
Realty Trust, a Massachusetts business trust, hereinafter referred to as
"Trust", and REIT Management Corp., a Delaware corporation, hereinafter referred
to as "Adviser";


                                   WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS:
A.       The Trust qualifies as a real estate investment trust as defined in the
         Internal Revenue Code and expects to make investments in mortgages
         receivable and in real property, which properties may include office
         buildings, shopping centers, industrial buildings, apartment buildings,
         stores, warehouses, including land on which improvements are made, and
         other income producing property or other real property deemed suitable
         by the Trust; B. The Trust wishes to avail itself generally of the
         services of an experienced real estate adviser; C. The Trust desires to
         contract for the services of the Adviser, and the Adviser is willing to
         furnish such services, under the terms and conditions hereinafter
         provided; D. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises
         hereinafter set forth, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1.       Subject to the supervision of the Trustees of the Trust (hereinafter
         referred to as the "Trustees"), and subject to any limitation which the
         Trustees may from time to time place on the authority herein granted to
         the Adviser, the Adviser shall perform the following services:
(a)      administer the day-to-day investment operations of the Trust, and
         perform or supervise the performance of such administrative functions
         necessary in the management of the Trust as may be agreed upon by the
         Adviser and Trustees;

(b)      serve as the Trustees'  adviser,  investment  adviser,  and consultant
         in connection  with policy  decisions to be made by the Trustees,
         prepare and accumulate  reports for submission to the Trustees and
         provide research,  economic and statistical data pertinent to the
         Trust's  investments and policies;  and prepare and present to the
         Trustees an investment  program consistent with the information given
         by the  Trustees  to the  Adviser  as  provided  in  Section  2 as to
         their investment  policy, capitalization  policy and current intentions
         as to the future of the Trust,  including finding,  developing and
         presenting to the Trustees suitable  investment  opportunities,
         consistent with investment  guidelines from time to time established by
         the Trustees.  It is  understood  and agreed that the present  thrust
         of the Trust  investment  policies  will be toward  granting  mortgage
         loans.  It is further  understood  and agreed that Adviser is also
         adviser to Gould  Investors  Trust,  primarily an "equity" trust,  and
         in such capacity will be presenting to Gould  potential  equity
         acquisitions  prior to submission to the Trust.  Adviser agrees that it
         will firstly present all mortgage investment  possibilities to the
         Trust before submitting same to any other party.  Trust  specifically
         agrees that the rendering of advisory services of any type to Gould
         Investors Trust, or any other entity shall not be deemed as a conflict
         of interest.

(c)      select and, on behalf of the Trust, conduct and maintain relations with
         and employ or enter into appropriate contracts with, consultants,
         accountants, lessees of Trust properties, mortgage bankers,
         correspondents, lenders, services, technical advisers, attorneys,
         brokers, underwriters, fiduciaries, escrow agents, depositaries,
         custodians, agents for collection, insurers, insurance agents, banks,
         builders, developers, servicing companies, and other persons or
         entities acting in any other capacity deemed by the Trustees necessary
         or desirable to further the interests of the Trust;

(d)      upon request by the Trustees, act as attorney in fact or agent of the
         Trust in acquisitions and dispositions of investments, in collecting
         the funds of the Trust from lessees and others, in disbursing the funds
         of the Trust, in paying the debts and fulfilling the obligations of the
         Trust, and in handling, prosecuting and settling any claims of the
         Trust, including the enforcement of any lease obligations, and the
         foreclosure or other enforcement of any mortgage or other lien securing
         investments, and exercise its own sound discretion in doing so;

(e)      upon request by the Trustees, negotiate on behalf of the Trust with
         investment bankers and others with respect to private placement or
         public offering of shares of beneficial interest in the Trust, or other
         securities or obligations of the Trust, or with respect to the
         obtaining of loans by the Trust, but in no event in such a way so that
         the Adviser shall be acting as a broker-dealer or underwriter for the
         Trust;

(f)      upon request by the Trustees, invest or reinvest any funds of the Trust
         as authorized or directed by the Trustees; (g) provide office space,
         office equipment, and accounting or computing equipment, the cost of
         which is to be borne, except as otherwise stated herein, by the Trust;

(h)      from time to time or at any time when requested by the Trustees, make
         reports of its performance of the foregoing services to the Trust; and

(i)      perform such other services of a managerial or advisory nature as the
         Trustees may deem to be in the best interests of the Trust.

2.       The Trustees shall at all times keep the Adviser fully informed with
         regard to the investment policy of the Trust, the capitalization policy
         of the Trust, and generally their then current intentions as to the
         future of the Trust. In particular, the Trustees shall notify the
         Adviser promptly of their intention to sell or otherwise dispose of any
         of the Trust's investments, or to make any new investment. The Trustees
         shall furnish the Adviser with a certified copy of all financial
         statements, a copy of each report prepared by Certified Public
         Accountants, and such other information with regard to the affairs of
         the Trust as the Adviser may from time to time reasonably request to
         carry out its obligations hereunder.

3.       The Adviser will endeavor to take appropriate action including
         obtaining the opinion of counsel where appropriate, to see to it that
         any title to real estate invested in by the Trust is good title, that
         any lease included among investments of the Trust is valid and
         enforceable in accordance with its terms, that any mortgage securing
         any investment of the Trust shall be a valid lien upon the mortgaged
         property according to its terms, that any property forming part of the
         Trust's investment is duly insured against loss or damage by fire, with
         extended coverage, and against such other insurable hazards and risk as
         is customary and appropriate in the circumstances, and shall carry out
         the policies from time to time specified by the Trustees with regard to
         the protection of the Trust's investments.

The Adviser shall maintain appropriate records of all its activities hereunder.

During such times that the Trustees advise Adviser of their intention to qualify
as a real estate investment trust for Federal income tax purposes, anything else
in this contract to the contrary notwithstanding, the Adviser shall carry out
the duties assigned to it hereunder and from time to time by the Trustees so as
not to adversely affect the status of the Trust as a real estate investment
trust as defined and limited in Sections 856, 857, and 858 of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1954, as amended or regulations as promulgated thereunder. If
action shall be ordered by the Trustees, which the Adviser believes would
adversely affect the foregoing status or contravene the terms of the Declaration
of Trust, the Adviser shall so promptly notify the Trustees and shall refrain
from taking such action pending further clarification or instructions from the
Trustees. 4. Officers, directors and employees of the Adviser may serve as
Trustees, officers and employees of the Trust and may be reimbursed for
out-of-pocket expenses incurred in the rendering of services to the Trust, but
shall not be compensated by the Trust for services rendered in such latter
capacities, except as otherwise provided herein.

5. If requested by the Trustees, the Adviser shall use its best efforts to
obtain and maintain a fidelity bond in a responsible surety company in an amount
approved by the Trustees covering all officers, directors and employees of the
Adviser handling funds of the Trust and any investment documents or papers,
which bond shall protect the Trust against all losses of any such property from
acts of such officers, directors and employees through thefts, embezzlement,
fraud, negligent acts, errors and omissions or otherwise. The cost of said bond
shall be paid for by the Trust.


6. (a) Except as provided in this Section 6, the Adviser shall be paid for
services rendered by the Adviser under this Agreement, an advisory fee (the
"Fee") at the annual rate of (i) one percent [1%] on mortgages receivable,
subordinated land leases and investments in unconsolidated ventures, plus (ii)
one--half [1/2] of one percent [1%] of the Invested Assets of the Trust, other
than mortgages receivable, subordinated land leases and investments in
unconsolidated ventures. The Fee shall be based on each fiscal year of the
Trust. The Fee shall be computed within thirty (30) days after the end of each
quarter by the Trust on an interim basis, on the basis provided in the first
sentence of this paragraph 6(a). Such computations shall be based on the Trust's
applicable quarterly financial statement and shall be in reasonable detail. A
copy of such computation shall be promptly delivered to the Adviser, accompanied
by payment of the interim fee shown thereby to be payable. Such quarterly
payments for each fiscal year shall be subject to adjustment within twenty (20)
days after receipt by the Trust of the audited financial statements for such
fiscal year so as to provide a Fee for such year in the amount stated in the
first sentence of this paragraph 6(a). The Trust may make advances to the
Adviser in any quarter, which advances shall be applied against the interim
quarterly payment. For purposes of this Agreement the term "Invested Assets of
the Trust" shall mean the aggregate of all of the assets of the Trust appearing
on the applicable balance sheet of the Trust, without deduction for (i)
mortgages and- other security interests to which such assets are subject, (ii)
depreciation and (iii) amortization, but excluding (a) cash and cash items, (b)
amounts due from managing agents, (c) rents and other receivables (except
mortgages receivable and other receivables arising from the sale of Invested
Assets), (d) rent security, (e) prepaid expenses and deferred charges, and (f)
obligations of municipal, state and federal governments and governmental
agencies, other than securities of the FHA and VA and the Federal National
Mortgage Association and securities issued by governmental agencies or other
securities that are backed by a pool of mortgages. The fee pursuant to the above
calculations shall be made based on the Invested Assets at the end of each
fiscal quarter and adjusted annually based on the average Invested Assets at the
end of each quarter.

(b) If and to the extent that the Trust shall request the Adviser, or any
director, officer or employee thereof to render services for the Trust other
than those required (including those required to be rendered upon request by the
Trustees) to be rendered by the Adviser hereunder, such additional services
shall be compensated separately on terms to be agreed upon between such party
and the Trust from time to time, or at fair value if no amount is specifically
agreed upon.


7. Except as herein expressly otherwise provided, the Trustees shall pay all of
the Trust's expenses (and shall reimburse the Adviser for any of such expenses
paid by the Adviser), and without limiting the generality of the foregoing, it
is specifically agreed that the following expenses of the Trust shall be paid by
the Trust:

(a) interest, discount and other costs for borrowed money;

(b) taxes on income or property, license and qualification fees, including
franchise taxes and all taxes of any nature payable by the Trust; (c) rental
paid for office space used by Trust;

(d) audit and accounting fees and expenses, and bookkeeping costs, charges,
payroll costs and other bookkeeping expenses; (e) legal fees, expenses of
litigation or other administrative or judicial proceedings involving the Trust,
and other expenses for professional services; (f) charges of custodians,
transfer agents, registrars, warrant agents, dividend disbursing agents,
brokers, underwriters and banks; (g) expenses related to meetings of Trustees
and shareholders and filing reports with governmental authorities; (h) printing
certificates for securities issued by the Trust; (i) expenses in connection with
reporting to shareholders, dividends and dividend distributions, including, but
without limitation, all fees and charges of public relations and/or advertising
agencies and other public relations and advertising expenses; (j) expenses
connected with the listing of securities of the Trust on any national securities
exchange or with the issuance and distribution or the private placement of any
securities of the Trust at any time such as underwriting and brokerage fees,
taxes, legal fees, printing costs, listing and registration fees, and other
expenses of the type normally listed in Item 27 of Form S-11 as promulgated by
the Securities and Exchange Commission for use under the Securities Act of 1933
and selling and promotional expenses related thereto; (k) expenses connected
with the acquisition, disposition, or ownership of investment assets, including,
but not limited to, travel expenses, cost of appraisal, leasing, maintenance,
repair, improvement and foreclosure of property; appraisals; title insurance,
abstract expenses and legal fees; premiums for insurance on property owned by or
mortgaged to the Trust; and origination and mortgage servicing fees, finders'
fees and real estate brokerage commissions;


(l) fees for the management of real estate owned by the Trust;

(m) fees, other compensation and related expenses (excluding persons who are
directors, officers and employees of the Adviser whose compensation is payable
solely by the Adviser) and expenses payable to the Trustees, officers,
employees, members of the Board of Consultants (if any) and independent
contractors, consultants, managers, or agents other than the Adviser; (n) the
expenses of organizing, revising, amending, converting, modifying, or
terminating the Trust; and (o) payments required to be made by the Trust under
the Declaration of Trust.

8. The Trust and the Adviser are not partners or joint venturers with each other
and nothing herein shall be construed so as to make them such partners or joint
venturers or impose any liability as such on either of them. 9. Nothing in this
Agreement shall limit or restrict the right of the Adviser or any officer,
director, employee or shareholder of the Adviser, who may also be a Trustee,
officer or employee of the Trust, to engage in other activities, including
acquiring, managing, operating, disposing of and otherwise dealing in property
of all types, real, personal and mixed, tangible and intangible, and acting as a
broker for, and/or rendering advice and other services to, other persons and
entities in connection with the sale or purchase of real estate or mortgages and
the management of its or his own investments and those of other persons and
entities and to be compensated for any such advice or services by such other
person or entity. When the Adviser originates or arranges a sale of real estate
to the Trust or a mortgage loan by the Trust, the Adviser shall have the same
right to receive from the other party to the transaction a fee or other
compensation, which is customary in the trade, as the Adviser would have
received if the investment had been made by another party to which the Adviser
presented it. The Adviser may also receive a brokerage commission or other
compensation from a participant for services rendered to such participant in a
real estate, mortgage or other investment in which the Trust has invested.
10. This Agreement shall continue in force until February 28, 1984 and
thereafter it shall be extended from year to year with the consent of the
Adviser and by the affirmative vote of a majority of the Trustees. 11. This
Agreement shall terminate automatically in the event of its assignment by the
Adviser, unless consented to in writing by the Trust. Such an assignment shall
bind the assignee hereunder in the same manner as the Adviser is bound
hereunder. This Agreement shall not be assignable by the Trust without the
written consent of the Adviser, except in the case of assignment by the Trust to
a corporation or other organization which is a successor to all or substantially
all of the business and assets of the Trust, in which case such successor
organization shall be bound hereunder and by the terms of said assignment in the
same manner as the Trust is bound hereunder. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary herein, Adviser may assign this Agreement to or have services performed
by a subsidiary of Adviser but such shall not release Adviser from its
obligations.

12. At the option solely of the Trustees this Agreement shall be and become
terminated immediately upon written notice of termination from the Trustees to
the Adviser if any of the following events shall happen:

(a) if the Adviser shall violate any provision of this Agreement, and after
written notice of such violation from the Trust, shall not cure such default
within 30 days; or

(b) if the Adviser shall be adjudged bankrupt or insolvent by a court of
competent jurisdiction, or an order shall be made by a court of competent
jurisdiction for the appointment of a receiver, liquidator or trustee of the
Adviser, or of all or substantially all of its property by reason of the
foregoing, or approving any petition filed against the Adviser for its
reorganization, and such adjudication or order shall remain in force or unstayed
for a period of 30 days; or

(c) if the Adviser shall institute proceedings for voluntary bankruptcy or shall
file a petition seeking reorganization under the Federal bankruptcy laws, or for
relief under any law for the relief of debtors, or shall consent to the
appointment of a receiver of itself or of all or substantially all of its
property, or shall make a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors,
or shall admit in writing its inability to pay its debts generally, as they
become due.

The Adviser agrees that if any of the events specified in Subsections (b) or (c)
of this Section 12 shall happen, it will give written notice thereof to the
Trustees within seven days after the happening of such event.

13. From and after the effective date of termination of this Agreement, pursuant
to Sections 10, 11, or 12 hereof, the Adviser shall not be entitled to
compensation for further services hereunder. The Adviser shall forthwith upon
such termination: (a) pay over to the Trust all money collected and held for the
account of the Trust pursuant to this Agreement, after deducting any accrued
compensation and reimbursement for its expenses to which it is then entitled;
(b) deliver to the Trustees a full accounting, including a statement showing all
payments collected by it and a statement of all money held by it, covering the
period following the date of the last, accounting furnished to the Trustees; and
(c) deliver to the Trustees all property and documents of the Trust then in the
custody of the Adviser.

14. Any notice, report, or other communication, required or permitted to be
given hereunder shall be in writing unless some other method of giving such
notice, report, or other communication is accepted by the party to whom it is
given, and shall be given by being delivered at the following addresses of the
parties hereto:

                            The Trustees and/or the Trust:

                                             Suite 303
                                             60 Cutter Mill Road
                                             Great Neck, New York 11021

                            The Adviser:
                                             Suite 303
                                             60 Cutter Mill Road
                                             Great Neck, New York 11021

Either party may at any time give notice in writing to the other party of a
change of its address for the purpose of this Section 14.

15. This Agreement shall not be changed or modified in whole or in part except
by an instrument in writing signed by both parties hereto, or their respective
successors or assigns, or otherwise as provided herein.

16. This Agreement shall bind any successors or assigns of the parties hereto as
herein provided subject to the provisions of Section 11 hereof.

17. The provisions of this Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in
accordance with the laws of the State of New York as at the time in effect.

18. The Adviser assumes no responsibility under this Agreement other than to
render the services called for hereunder in good faith and shall not be
responsible for any action of the Trustees in following or declining to follow
any advice or recommendations of the Adviser. The Adviser, its directors,
officers, shareholders and employees, shall not be liable to the Trust, the
Trust's shareholders, or others, except by reason of acts constituting bad
faith, willful misfeasance, gross negligence or reckless disregard of their
duties or for failure to act in good faith in the reasonable belief that such
action was in the best interests of the Trust. The Adviser may accept and rely
upon the advice and opinion of the Trust's counsel as to all legal and tax
matters and of the Trust's accountants as to all matters relating to accounting
and the financial statements and books of account of the Trust, and shall be
fully protected in so doing. Each party indemnifies the other to the extent of
insurance coverage.

19. Reference is hereby made to the Declaration of Trust establishing BRT Realty
Trust, dated June 16, 1972, a copy of which, together with any amendments
thereto (the "Declaration of Trust"), is on file in the office of the Secretary
of The Commonwealth of Massachusetts. The name "BRT Realty Trust" refers to the
Trustees under the Declaration of Trust collectively as Trustees, but not as
individuals or personally; and no Trustee, shareholder, officer or agent of BRT
Realty Trust shall be held to any personal liability hereunder; nor shall resort
be had to their private property for the satisfaction of any obligation or claim
hereunder or otherwise in connection with the affairs of said BRT Realty Trust,
but the Trust estate only shall be liable.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this contract to be executed
by their officers thereunto duly authorized as of the day and year first above
written.

                                  BRT REALTY TRUST

                                  By:      [GRAPHIC OMITTED][GRAPHIC OMITTED]

                                            REIT MANAGEMENT CORP.

                                  By:      [GRAPHIC OMITTED][GRAPHIC OMITTED]

<PAGE>






                                  EXHIBIT 10.2

                         AMENDMENT TO ADVISORY AGREEMENT



                    AMENDMENT AGREEMENT, dated as of January 1, 1988 between BRT
REALTY TRUST, a Massachusetts business trust (the "Trust"), and REIT MANAGEMENT
CORP., a Delaware corporation (the "Advisor").

                    The parties hereto have heretofore entered into an Advisory
Agreement, dated February 7, 1983 (the "Agreement"), as amended on an annual
basis, pursuant to which the Advisor is to furnish administrative services with
respect to the Trust's assets and to advise the Trust with respect to
investments. The parties desire to amend the Agreement.

                    NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereby agree to amend the
Agreement by deleting paragraph 10 in its entirety and substituting in its place
a new paragraph 10 as follows:

                                   "10. This Agreement shall continue in force
                            until December 31, 1992 and thereafter it shall be
                            extended on an annual basis for a five-year term
                            with the consent of the Advisor and by the
                            affirmative vote of a majority of the Trustees."

      Except as hereinbefore amended, the Agreement shall remain  in full force
 and effect.

        IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the
day and year first  above written.




                            BRT REALTY TRUST

                            By:           [GRAPHIC OMITTED]


                            REIT MANAGEMENT CORP.

                                          [GRAPHIC OMITTED]





<PAGE>


                                  EXHIBIT 21.1

                                  SUBSIDIARIES

COMPANY  STATE OF INCORPORATION
Forest Green Corporation                                New York
TRB No. 1 Corp.                                         New York
Blue Realty Corp.                                       Delaware
TRB No. 3 Owners Corp.                                  Wyoming
2190 Boston Post Road Realty Corp.                      New York
TRB Abbotts Corp.                                       Pennsylvania
TRB Ashbourne Road Corp.                                Pennsylvania
BRT Funding Corp.                                       New York
TRB 69th Street Corp.                                   New York
TRB Lawrence Corp.                                      New York
TRB Yonkers Corp.                                       New York
TRB Hartford Corp.                                      Connecticut
TRB Atlanta LLC                                         Georgia
TRB Stroudsburg LLC                                     Pennsylvania
TRB New York Corp.                                      New York


<PAGE>


                                  EXHIBIT 23.1

            Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm


We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements
(Form S-8 No. 333-101681 pertaining to the 1996 Stock Option Plan, Form S-8 No.
333-104461 pertaining to the 2003 Incentive Plan, Form S-3 No. 333-118915
pertaining to the Dividend Reinvestment and Share Purchase Plan, and Form S-3
No. 333-128458 pertaining to the shelf registration of securities) of BRT Realty
Trust of our reports dated December 12, 2005, with respect to the consolidated
financial statements and schedules of BRT Realty Trust, BRT Realty Trust
management's assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial
reporting, and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of
BRT Realty Trust, incorporated by reference in this Annual Report (Form 10-K)
for the year ended September 30, 2005.


                                                /s/ Ernst & Young LLP

New York, New York
December 12, 2005



<PAGE>


                                  Exhibit 31.1

                                  CERTIFICATION

   I, Jeffrey A. Gould, President and Chief Executive Officer of BRT Realty
Trust, certify that:

1.       I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
         ended September 30, 2005 of BRT Realty Trust;

2.       Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
         statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
         to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which
         such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
         covered by this report;

3.       Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
         information included in this report, fairly present in all material
         respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
         of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4.       The registrant's other certifying officers and I are responsible for
         establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
         defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
         control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
         13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

                  (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or
         caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
         supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
         registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
         us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in
         which this report is being prepared;

                  (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
         or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
         under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
         reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
         statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
         accounting principles;

                  (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure
         controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
         about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as
         of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
         evaluation; and

                  (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's
         internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
         registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth
         quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
         or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal
         control over financial reporting; and

    5.   The registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based
         on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
         reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the
         registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
         functions):

                  (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in
         the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
         which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's
         ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
         and

                  (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
         management or other employees who have a significant role in the
         registrant's internal control over financial reporting.

Date:   December 13, 2005
                                        /s/ Jeffrey A. Gould
                                        ---------------------
                                        President and Chief Executive Officer


<PAGE>







                                  Exhibit 31.2

                                  CERTIFICATION

   I, David W. Kalish, Senior Vice President-Finance of BRT Realty Trust,
certify that:

   1.   I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
ended September 30, 2005 of BRT Realty Trust;

    2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement
        of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
        the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
        statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
        by this report;

    3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
        information included in this report, fairly present in all material
        respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
        of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

    4.  The registrant's other certifying officers and I are responsible for
        establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
        defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
        control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
        13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

                  (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or
         caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
         supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
         registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
         us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in
         which this report is being prepared;

                  (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
         or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
         under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
         reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
         statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
         accounting principles;

                  (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure
         controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
         about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as
         of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
         evaluation; and

                  (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's
         internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
         registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth
         quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
         or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal
         control over financial reporting; and

    5.   The registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based
         on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
         reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the
         registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
         functions):

                  (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in
         the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
         which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's
         ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
         and

                  (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
         management or other employees who have a significant role in the
         registrant's internal control over financial reporting.

Date:   December 13, 2005

                                            /s/ David W. Kalish
                                            ------------------------
                                            Senior Vice President-Finance

                                  Exhibit 31.3

                                  CERTIFICATION

   I, George Zweier, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of BRT Realty
Trust, certify that:

   1.   I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
ended September 30, 2005 of BRT Realty Trust;

    2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement
        of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
        the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
        statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
        by this report;

    3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
        information included in this report, fairly present in all material
        respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
        of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

    4.  The registrant's other certifying officers and I are responsible for
        establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
        defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
        control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
        13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

                  (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or
         caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
         supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
         registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
         us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in
         which this report is being prepared;

                  (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
         or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
         under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
         reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
         statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
         accounting principles;

                  (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure
         controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
         about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as
         of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
         evaluation; and

                  (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's
         internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
         registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth
         quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
         or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal
         control over financial reporting; and

    5.   The registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based
         on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
         reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the
         registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
         functions):

                  (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in
         the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
         which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's
         ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
         and

                  (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
         management or other employees who have a significant role in the
         registrant's internal control over financial reporting.

Date:   December 13, 2005
                                              /s/ George Zweier
                                              ----------------------------
                                              Vice President and Chief
                                              Financial Officer

<PAGE>

                                  EXHIBIT 32.1

                  CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER

                       PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
                 (SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002)

     The undersigned, Jeffrey A. Gould, the Chief Executive Officer of BRT
     Realty Trust, does hereby certify to his knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
     Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
     of 2002, that based upon a review of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
     year ended September 30, 2005 of the registrant, as filed with the
     Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof:

        (1)The report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or
     15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and

        (2)The information contained in the report fairly presents, in all
     material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
     registrant.

     Date: December 13, 2005             /s/ Jeffrey A. Gould
                                         --------------------------------------
                                         Jeffrey A. Gould
                                         Chief Executive Officer




<PAGE>


                                  EXHIBIT 32.2

                 CERTIFICATION OF SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT-FINANCE

                       PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
                 (SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002)

     The undersigned, David W. Kalish, Senior Vice President-Finance of BRT
     Realty Trust, does hereby certify to his knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
     Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
     of 2002, that based upon a review of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
     year ended September 30, 2005 of the registrant, as filed with the
     Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof:

           (1) The report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
     or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and

           (2) The information contained in the report fairly presents, in all
     material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
     registrant.


Date:   December 13, 2005            /s/ David W. Kalish
                                     ------------------------------------
                                     David W. Kalish
                                     Senior Vice President-Finance


<PAGE>


                                  EXHIBIT 32.3

                  CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER

                       PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
                 (SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002)

     The undersigned, George Zweier, the Chief Financial Officer of BRT Realty
     Trust, does hereby certify to his knowlegde, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
     1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
     that based upon a review of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
     ended September 30, 2005 of the registrant, as filed with the Securities
     and Exchange Commission on the date hereof:

           (1) The report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
     or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and

           (2) The information contained in the report fairly presents, in all
     material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
     registrant.

Date:   December 13, 2005         /s/ George Zweier
                                  -----------------------------------
                                  George Zweier
                                  Vice President and Chief Financial Officer









</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
