<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K405
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>b41315cce10-k405.txt
<DESCRIPTION>CABOT CORPORATION
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
                                  FORM 10-K405
      [X] ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
       SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2001
                                       OR

      [ ]TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
       THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM                TO
                         COMMISSION FILE NUMBER 1-5667
                               CABOT CORPORATION
             (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)

<Table>
<S>                                            <C>
DELAWARE                                                         04-2271897
  (State or other jurisdiction of                              (IRS Employer
  incorporation or organization)                            Identification No.)
  TWO SEAPORT LANE, SUITE 1300                                     02210
  BOSTON, MASSACHUSETTS                                          (Zip Code)
  (Address of Principal Executive Offices)
</Table>

                                 (617) 345-0100
              (REGISTRANT'S TELEPHONE NUMBER, INCLUDING AREA CODE)
          SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(B) OF THE ACT:
                    COMMON STOCK, $1.00 PAR VALUE PER SHARE:

<Table>
<S>                                            <C>
        62,174,071 Shares Outstanding                      Boston Stock Exchange
             At November 30, 2001                         New York Stock Exchange
                                                              Pacific Exchange
</Table>

                        PREFERRED STOCK PURCHASE RIGHTS

     Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes [X]  No [ ]

     Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item
405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of the Registrant's knowledge, in the definitive proxy or information
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any
amendment to this Form 10-K.  Yes [X]

     The aggregate market value of the Registrant's common stock held
beneficially or of record by shareholders who are not directors or executive
officers of the Registrant at November 30, 2001, was approximately
$2,124,974,000.
                      DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

     Portions of the Registrant's definitive Proxy Statement for its 2002 Annual
Meeting of Shareholders are incorporated by reference in Part III.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<PAGE>

                                     PART I

ITEM 1.  BUSINESS

GENERAL

     Cabot's business was founded in 1882 and incorporated in the State of
Delaware in 1960. The Company has businesses in chemicals, performance
materials, and specialty fluids. The Company and its affiliates have
manufacturing facilities in the United States and more than 20 other countries.

     The terms "Cabot" and "Company" as used in this Report refer to Cabot
Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries.

     The description of the Company's businesses is as of September 30, 2001,
unless otherwise noted. Information regarding the Company's revenues and profits
by business segment and geographic area appears in the Continuing Operations
section of the Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations which appears in Item 7, and in Note Q of the Notes to the
Company's Consolidated Financial Statements, which appears in Item 8 of this
annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2001.

     During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2001, Cabot repurchased
approximately 6.6 million shares of its common stock, $1.00 par value per share
(the "Common Stock"), for the purpose of reducing the total number of shares
outstanding as well as offsetting shares issued under the Company's employee
incentive compensation programs.

     Additional information regarding significant events affecting the Company
during its fiscal year ended September 30, 2001, appears in Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations which
appears in Item 7 of this annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
September 30, 2001.

CHEMICALS BUSINESSES

  CARBON BLACK

     The Company manufactures and sells carbon black. Carbon black is a form of
elemental carbon, which is manufactured in a highly controlled process, to
produce particles of colloidal size, which form into aggregates and agglomerates
during the manufacturing process. The size of these particles and aggregates,
their structure and their surface chemistry are varied to produce many different
performance characteristics in a wide variety of applications. Carbon black is
widely used to enhance the mechanical, electrical and optical properties of the
systems and applications in which it is incorporated. The Company's carbon black
products are used in three business areas: tires, industrial products and high
performance applications. Carbon blacks are used in the tire industry as a
rubber reinforcing agent and a performance additive. These products are marketed
globally and are present in all types of tires. Carbon blacks are used in the
industrial products sector in applications such as hoses, belts, extruded
profiles and molded goods. In the performance products sector of the business,
the Company manufactures highly tailored and specialized grades of carbon black
which are used as pigments, enhance conductivity and static charge control, to
provide UV protection, to enhance mechanical properties, and to provide chemical
flexibility through surface treatment. These products are used in a wide variety
of industries such as inks, coatings, cables, pipes, toners, electronics, and
plastics, among others.

     The Company believes that it is the leading manufacturer of carbon black in
the world, with an estimated one-quarter of the worldwide production capacity
and market share of carbon black. The Company competes in the manufacture of
carbon black primarily with two companies having a global presence and with at
least 20 other companies in various regional markets in which it operates (see
"Other" below).

     Carbon black plants owned by Cabot or a subsidiary are located in
Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Canada, Colombia, England, France (two plants),
India, Indonesia (two plants), Italy, The Netherlands, Spain and the United
States (four plants). Affiliates of the Company own carbon black plants in
China, the Czech Republic, Japan (two plants), Malaysia, Mexico and Venezuela.
Headquarters for the Company's carbon
<PAGE>

black business are located in Boston, Massachusetts, with regional headquarters
in Atlanta, Georgia (North America), Sao Paulo, Brazil (South America),
Suresnes, France (Europe) and Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia (Asia Pacific). Some of the
plants listed above are built on leased land (see "Properties," below).

     The principal raw materials used in the manufacture of carbon black are
heavy oils, a portion of the residual oil pool which is derived from petroleum
refining operations and from the distillation of coal tars and the production of
ethylene throughout the world. The availability of raw materials has not been
and is not expected to be a significant factor for the Company's carbon black
business. Raw material costs are influenced by the cost and availability of oil
worldwide and the availability of various types of carbon black oils. During
fiscal year 2000 and the first three quarters of fiscal year 2001, the price of
raw materials for the carbon black business increased, but the price stabilized
in the fourth fiscal quarter of 2001.

     Sales are generally made by employees of the Company or its affiliates in
the countries where carbon black plants are located. Export sales are generally
made through distributors or sales representatives in conjunction with Company
employees. In fiscal year 1999, the Company's plastics business began marketing
carbon black to the plastics industry. Sales are made under various trademarks
owned by Cabot. (See "Other," below.)

     The Company's carbon black business continues to pursue a dual strategy of
cost improvement and new product development. Management continues to support
carbon black new product development initiatives that have significant customer
involvement or sponsorship. The Company's management continues to believe that
if the Company can achieve a combination of effective cost and capacity
management and commercialization of new product initiatives, the Company's
carbon black business should have earnings growth opportunities over the next
several years.

     The Company combined its existing plastics business, which consisted of
concentrates and compounds, with its special blacks business into its
performance products group. The Company's plastics business now markets carbon
black, and produces and markets black and white thermoplastic concentrates and
specialty compounds, to the plastics industry. Major applications for the
materials produced and sold by the Company's plastics business include pipe and
tubing, packaging and agricultural film, automotive components, cable sheathing
and special packaging for use in the electronics industry. Customers use the
carbon black marketed by the plastics business to provide color, UV protection,
electrical conductivity and opacity in plastics. Sales are made under various
Cabot trademarks, each of which is either registered or pending in one or more
countries (see "Other" below). Sales are made by Company employees and through
sales representatives and distributors primarily in Europe (concentrates,
compounds and carbon black), North America (carbon black) and Asia
(concentrates, compounds and carbon black). The thermoplastic concentrates and
compounds sold are produced in Company facilities in Europe and Hong Kong. The
carbon black sold is produced in Company facilities in Europe, North America and
Asia. The plastics business is headquartered in Leuven, Belgium. In Europe, the
Company is one of the five leading producers of thermoplastic concentrates.
Other than carbon black feedstock, the primary raw materials used in this
business are titanium dioxide, thermoplastic resins and mineral fillers. The
price of thermoplastic resins remained steady during the second half of fiscal
2000 and during the first half of fiscal year 2001, and decreased somewhat
during the second half of fiscal year 2001. Raw materials are, in general,
readily available.

  FUMED METAL OXIDES

     The Company manufactures and sells fumed metal oxides, including fumed
silica and fumed alumina and dispersions thereof under various trademarks. Fumed
silica is an ultra-fine, high-purity particle used as a reinforcing, thickening,
abrasive, thixotropic, suspending or anti-caking agent in a wide variety of
products produced for the automotive, construction, microelectronics, and
consumer products industries, including adhesives, sealants, cosmetics, inks,
silicone rubber, coatings, polishing and pharmaceuticals. The headquarters for
the Company's fumed metal oxides business are located in Billerica,
Massachusetts. This business has two North American fumed metal oxides
manufacturing plants, which are located in Tuscola, Illinois and Midland,
Michigan. The Midland plant was completed in September 1999 and began operations
in November 1999. The performance of the plant was subject to delays in reaching
full anticipated output levels during

                                        2
<PAGE>

2000. Full output and qualification were achieved in fiscal year 2001. The
Company owns a manufacturing plant in Wales and owns a manufacturing plant in
Germany. In addition, a joint venture owned 50% by the Company and 50% by an
Indian entity owns a plant in India, which began operations in the spring of
1998. Raw materials for the production of fumed silica are various chlorosilane
feedstocks. The feedstocks are either purchased or toll converted for owners of
the materials. The Company has long-term procurement contracts or arrangements
in place for the purchase of feedstock for this business, which it believes will
enable it to meet its raw material requirements for the foreseeable future. In
addition the Company buys some materials in the spot market in order to help
ensure flexibility and minimize costs. Sales of fumed metal oxides products are
made by Company employees and through distributors and sales representatives.
There are four principal producers of fumed silica in the world (see "Other"
below). The Company believes it is the leading producer and seller of this
chemical in the United States and second worldwide.

  INKJET COLORANTS

     Inkjet colorants are pigment-based black colorants, which are designed to
replace traditional pigment dispersions and dyes used in inkjet printing
applications. Products produced by the Company's inkjet colorants business,
formed in 1996, target various printing markets, including home and office
printers, wide format printers, and commercial and industrial printing
applications. The Company's colorants have become integral components in several
inkjet printing systems introduced to the market since 1998. Sales are made by
Company employees and through distributors and sales representatives. The
headquarters of the Company's inkjet colorants business are located in
Billerica, Massachusetts. Raw materials for the inkjet colorants business
include carbon black, as well as other products, from various sources. The
Company believes that all raw materials for this business are in adequate
supply.

PERFORMANCE MATERIALS

     The Company produces tantalum, niobium (columbium) and their alloys.
Tantalum, which accounts for the majority of this business' sales, is produced
in various forms including powder and wire for electronic capacitors. Tantalum
and niobium and their alloys are also produced in wrought form for
non-electronic applications such as chemical process equipment and the
production of superalloys, and for various other industrial and aerospace
applications. The headquarters and principal manufacturing facility for this
business are in Boyertown, Pennsylvania. An affiliate of the Company has a
manufacturing plant in Japan. Raw materials are obtained by the Company from
ores mined principally in Australia, Brazil and Canada and from by-product tin
slags from tin smelting mainly in Malaysia and Thailand. Raw materials are
currently in adequate supply. Earlier in fiscal year 2001, strong markets caused
a short-term shortage in raw materials which resulted in high spot prices. Sales
in the United States are made by Company employees, with export sales to Europe
handled by Company employees, independent European sales representatives and an
affiliated company. Sales in Japan and other parts of Asia are handled primarily
through employees of the Company's Japanese affiliate. There are currently two
principal groups producing tantalum and niobium in the western world, with an
emerging competitor in China. The Company believes that it, together with its
Japanese affiliate, is the leading producer of electronic grade tantalum powder
products, with competitors having greater production in some other product lines
(see "Other" below).

SPECIALTY FLUIDS

     The Company's specialty fluids business produces and markets cesium formate
as a drilling and completion fluid for use primarily in high pressure and high
temperature oil and gas well operations. Cesium formate is a solids-free
high-density fluid that has a low viscosity permitting it to flow readily in oil
and gas wells. The Company expects the fluid to be especially beneficial to
operators of wells where the oil or gas is difficult to reach. The fluid is
resistant to high temperatures, does not damage producing reservoirs and is
readily biodegradable. The Company has been shipping the fluid to facilities in
Aberdeen, Scotland, and Bergen, Norway, for application in its target market,
the North Sea. Expanded commercial tests of the Company's cesium formate in this
region during fiscal year 2001 continued to yield positive results. The Company
expects those test results to boost industry confidence in the fluid, leading to
additional applications.

                                        3
<PAGE>

The specialty fluids business has its headquarters in The Woodlands, Texas, and
has a mine and a cesium formate manufacturing facility in Manitoba, Canada. The
Company expects to make cesium formate sales directly to oil and gas operating
companies and through existing oil field service Companies. Customers will
either rent or purchase cesium formate from the Company. Those who rent cesium
formate will be required to purchase any of the product that is not returned to
the Company after the job is completed. The principal raw material used in this
business is pollucite ore, which the Company obtains from its mine. The Company
has an adequate supply of this cesium-rich ore, with approximately 82% of the
world's known cesium reserves. Because each job for which cesium formate is used
requires a large volume of the product, the specialty fluids business must carry
a large inventory. Based on its current information, the Company expects to
reclaim between 60% and 90% of the cesium formate used in each job, which will
be returned to inventory for use in additional well operations. The Company's
specialty fluids business also markets fine cesium chemicals to various
industrial chemical companies, and mined spodumene to the pyroceramics industry.
Sales of those products are made either by Company employees or its agents.
Cabot Specialty Fluids also mines and processes tantalum ore for shipment to
Cabot Performance Materials.

DISCONTINUED BUSINESSES

     As reported in the Company's Form 8-K filed October 3, 2000, on September
19, 2000 the Company sold all of its liquefied natural gas (LNG) business, which
is being reported as a discontinued operation in the Financial Information being
filed as a part of this annual report on Form 10-K. The Company also completed
the initial public offering of approximately 20% of its microelectronics
materials business, conducted by Cabot Microelectronics Corporation, in the
third quarter of fiscal year 2000. The offering was followed by a distribution
of the Company's remaining shares of Cabot Microelectronics Corporation common
stock to Cabot shareholders which was completed on September 29, 2000, which was
also reported in the Company's Form 8-K filed October 3, 2000. This business is
also being reported as a discontinued operation in the Financial Information
being filed as a part of this annual report on Form 10-K. See Note C of the
Notes to the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements which appears in Item 8
of this annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2001.

OTHER

     The Company owns and is a licensee of various patents, which expire at
various times, covering many of its products, as well as processes and product
uses. Although the products made and sold under these patents and licenses are
important to the Company, the loss of any particular patent or license would not
materially affect the Company's business, taken as a whole. The Company sells
its products under a variety of trademarks, the loss of any one of which would
not materially affect the Company's business, taken as a whole.

     With the exception of the Company's former LNG business referred to above,
the Company's businesses are generally not seasonal in nature, although they
experience some decline in sales in the fourth fiscal quarter due to European
summer plant shutdowns. The Company believes that as of September 30, 2001,
approximately $209 million of backlog orders for its businesses were firm,
compared to firm backlog orders as of September 30, 2000 of approximately $176
million. Backlog consists of firm purchase orders for which a delivery date has
been scheduled. Because customers may generally cancel purchase orders with
little or no notice without any significant penalty, and because most orders are
typically shipped within 30 days of receipt, backlog at any particular time is
not typically a good indicator of future revenues. All of the 2001 backlog
orders are expected to be filled during fiscal year 2002.

     Many of the Company's chemicals and materials are used in products
associated with the automotive industry such as tires, extruded profiles, hoses,
molded goods, capacitors and paints. The Company's financial results are
affected by the cyclical nature of the automotive industry, although a large
portion of the market is for replacement tires and other parts which are less
subject to automobile industry cycles. The Company has in the past entered into
long-term carbon black supply contracts with certain of its North American tire
customers and expects to pursue a similar strategy under appropriate
circumstances. Those contracts are designed to provide such customers with a
secure supply of carbon black and reduce the volatility in the Company's carbon
black volumes and margins caused, in part, by automobile industry cycles.

                                        4
<PAGE>

     Five major tire and rubber customers, one fumed metal oxides customer,
three capacitor materials customers and one microelectronics customer represent
a material portion of the total net sales and operating revenues of the
Company's businesses; the loss of one or more of these customers might
materially adversely affect the Company's businesses taken as a whole.

     Competition in the Company's businesses is based on price, service,
quality, product performance and technical innovation. Competitive conditions
also necessitate carrying an inventory of raw materials and finished goods in
order to meet customers' needs for prompt delivery of products. Competition in
quality, service, product performance and technical innovation is particularly
significant for the fumed metal oxides, industrial products, special blacks,
inkjet colorants and tantalum businesses. The Company's competitors, other than
in the carbon black business, vary by product group.

     The Company owns approximately 41.4% of the common stock of Aearo
Corporation (formerly Cabot Safety Holdings Corporation) after the restructuring
of the Company's safety products and specialty composites business in July 1995.
The Company has two representatives serving on the Board of Directors of Aearo
Corporation and its principal subsidiaries ("Aearo"). Aearo manufactures and
sells personal safety products, as well as energy absorbing, vibration damping
and impact absorbing products for industrial noise control and environmental
enhancement.

EMPLOYEES

     As of September 30, 2001, the Company had approximately 4,300 employees.
Approximately 450 employees in the United States are covered by collective
bargaining agreements. The Company believes that its relations with its
employees are satisfactory.

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

     The Company develops new and improved products and processes and greater
operating efficiencies through Company-sponsored research and technical service
activities including those initiated in response to customer requests.
Expenditures by the Company for such activities are shown in the Consolidated
Statements of Income which appears in Item 8 of this annual report on Form 10-K
for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2001.

SAFETY, HEALTH AND ENVIRONMENT

     The Company's operations are subject to various environmental laws and
regulations. Over the past several years, the Company has expended considerable
sums to add, improve, maintain and operate facilities for environmental
protection.

     The Company has been named as a potentially responsible party under the
Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980
(the "Superfund law") with respect to several sites (see "Legal Proceedings,"
below). During the next several years, as remediation of various environmental
sites is carried out, the Company expects to spend a significant portion of its
$30 million environmental reserve for costs associated with such remediation.
Adjustments are made to the reserve based on the Company's continuing analysis
of its share of costs likely to be incurred at each site. The sites are
primarily associated with divested businesses.

     In 1996, the International Agency for Research on Cancer ("IARC") revised
its evaluation of carbon black from Group 3 (insufficient evidence to make a
determination regarding carcinogenicity) to Group 2B (known animal carcinogen,
possible human carcinogen), based solely on results of studies of female rat
responses to the inhalation of carbon black. The Company has communicated this
change in IARC's evaluation of carbon black to its customers and employees and
has made changes to its material safety data sheets and elsewhere, as
appropriate. The Company continues to believe that available evidence, taken as
a whole, indicates that carbon black is not carcinogenic to humans, and does not
present a health hazard when handled in accordance with good housekeeping and
safe workplace practices as described in the Company's material safety data
sheets.

                                        5
<PAGE>

     In October 1999, the California Office of Environmental Health Hazard
Assessment ("OEHHA") published a Notice of Intent to add "carbon black (airborne
particles of respirable size)" to its list of chemicals known to the state to
cause cancer promulgated pursuant to the California Safe Drinking Water and
Toxic Enforcement Act, commonly referred to as Proposition 65. OEHHA stated it
was taking this action in light of IARC's 1996 reclassification of carbon black.
Proposition 65 requires businesses to give warnings to individuals before they
knowingly or intentionally expose them to chemicals subject to its requirements,
and it prohibits businesses from knowingly discharging or releasing the
chemicals into water or onto land where they could contaminate drinking water.
The Company is working with the International Carbon Black Association and
various customers and carbon black user groups to respond to the decision by
OEHHA to add carbon black to the list of chemicals subject to Proposition 65.

FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION

     Included herein are statements relating to management's projections of
future profits, the possible achievement of the Company's financial goals and
objectives, and management's expectations for the Company's product development
program. Actual results may differ materially from the results anticipated in
the statements included herein due to a variety of factors, including but not
limited to the following: market supply and demand conditions, fluctuations in
currency exchange rates, changes in the rate of economic growth in the United
States and other major international economies, changes in regulatory
environments, changes in trade, monetary and fiscal policies around the world,
pending and future litigation, cost of raw materials, patent rights of the
Company and others, demand for the Company's customers' products and
competitors' reactions to market conditions. Timely commercialization of
products under development by the Company may be disrupted or delayed by
technical difficulties, market acceptance or competitors' new products, as well
as difficulties in moving from the experimental stage to the production stage.
The risk management discussion and the estimated amounts generated from the
analyses are forward-looking statements of market risk, assuming certain adverse
market conditions occur. Actual results in the future may differ materially from
these projected results due to actual developments in the global financial
markets. The methods used by the Company to assess and mitigate risks should not
be considered projections of future events or losses. The Company undertakes no
obligation to publicly release any revisions to the forward-looking statements
or reflect events or circumstances after the date of this document.

FINANCIAL INFORMATION ABOUT SEGMENTS, FOREIGN AND DOMESTIC OPERATIONS AND EXPORT
SALES

     Segment financial data are set forth in the Continuing Operations section
of Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations in Item 7, and in Note Q of the Notes to the Company's Consolidated
Financial Statements, which appears in Item 8 of this annual report on Form 10-K
for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2001. The Company's former LNG business
and microelectronics materials business are being reported as discontinued
operations in the Financial Information being filed as a part of this annual
report on Form 10-K. A significant portion of the Company's revenues and
operating profits is derived from overseas operations. The profitability of the
Company's segments is affected by fluctuations in the value of the U.S. dollar
relative to foreign currencies. (See the Geographic Area Information portion of
Note Q for further information relating to sales and profits and long-lived
assets by geographic area and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations".) Currency fluctuations and nationalization
and expropriation of assets are risks inherent in international operations. The
Company has taken steps it deems prudent in its international operations to
diversify and otherwise to protect against these risks, including the use of
foreign currency financial instruments to reduce the risk associated with
changes in the value of certain foreign currencies compared to the U.S. dollar.
(See "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations -- Risk Management" in Item 7, and Note P of the Notes to the
Company's Consolidated Financial Statements, which appears in Item 8, of this
annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2001.)

                                        6
<PAGE>

ITEM 2.  PROPERTIES

     The Company owns, leases and operates office, production, storage,
distribution, marketing and research and development facilities in the United
States and in foreign countries.

     The principal facilities of the Company's business units are described
generally in Item 1 above.

     The principal facilities owned by the Company in the United States are: (i)
the administrative offices and manufacturing plants of its carbon black
operations in Louisiana, Massachusetts, Texas and West Virginia; (ii) its
research and development facilities in Illinois, Massachusetts and Pennsylvania;
(iii) administrative offices and manufacturing plants of its fumed metal oxides
business in Illinois and Michigan, and (iv) its performance materials business
in Pennsylvania.

     The Company's principal foreign facilities are held through subsidiaries
and consist primarily of manufacturing facilities, together with administrative
facilities and research and development facilities. The largest of such
facilities are located in Australia, China, the Czech Republic, England, France,
India, Indonesia and Italy, and are used by the Company's carbon black business.
Administrative offices and manufacturing facilities of the fumed metal oxides
business are owned in Wales and Germany. Portions of the owned facilities in the
Czech Republic, France, Japan and Spain, and all of the owned facilities in
China, Hong Kong, India, Indonesia, The Netherlands and Wales are located on
leased land.

     The principal facilities leased by subsidiaries in locations outside the
United States are administrative offices and research and development facilities
of the carbon black operations in France and Malaysia, and administrative
offices and manufacturing facilities of the specialty fluids business in Canada,
and a sales facility in Norway. In addition, the Company holds mining rights in
Canada.

     The principal facilities leased by the Company in the United States are:
(i) its corporate headquarters in Massachusetts, and (ii) the headquarters of
its North American carbon black business in Georgia.

     The Company's administrative offices are generally suitable and adequate
for their intended purposes. Existing manufacturing facilities of the Company
are sufficient to meet the Company's anticipated requirements for the
foreseeable future.

ITEM 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

     The Company is a defendant in various lawsuits and environmental
proceedings wherein substantial amounts are claimed. The following is a
description of the significant proceedings pending as of September 30, 2001,
unless otherwise specified.

ENVIRONMENTAL PROCEEDINGS

     In November 1997, Cabot was sued in the District Court of Potter County,
Texas by K N Energy, Inc. ("KNE") and various related entities for environmental
remediation costs at approximately 45 gas plants and compressor stations located
in New Mexico, Oklahoma and Texas. In July 1998, an arbitration panel ordered
Cabot to pay $3.38 million for past response costs incurred by KNE as well as up
to 80% of future groundwater remediation costs at six of the sites as such costs
are incurred by KNE. Cabot and Kinder Morgan, Inc., (KNE's successor) have
agreed in principle to settle all remaining issues with Cabot paying an
additional $942,000 and taking remedial responsibility directly at three of the
remaining disputed sites.

     Beginning in May 1986, the New Jersey Department of Environmental
Protection ("NJDEP") issued directives under New Jersey's cleanup law to Cabot
and a number of other potentially responsible parties ("PRPs") to fund an
investigation for the cleanup of a six-acre site known as the Evor Phillips Site
in Old Bridge Township near Perth Amboy, New Jersey ("Site"). Cabot and other
PRPs subsequently entered into various Administrative Consent Orders ("ACOs")
with NJDEP to fund and perform various investigations of the Site. Cabot and
certain other PRPs also initiated litigation against the current site owner and
other parties in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey
to obtain monetary contribution and deed restrictions on the Site. In addition,
two PRPs, Union Carbide Corp. and Oakite Products, filed separate contribution
actions against Cabot and other PRPs. The court has consolidated the actions.
The PRPs have
                                        7
<PAGE>

agreed in principle to an ACO with the NJDEP to perform further investigation
and the final remedy for the Site. The PRPs have also agreed to a settlement in
principle with Union Carbide Corp. and Oakite Products.

     In 1986, Cabot sold a manufacturing facility in Reading, Pennsylvania to
NGK Metals, Inc. ("NGK"). In doing so, Cabot agreed to share with NGK the costs
of certain environmental remediation of the Reading plant site. After the sale,
the United States Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA") issued an order to NGK
requiring it to address soil and groundwater contamination at the site.
Remediation activities at the Reading property are ongoing and the Company is
contributing to the costs associated with those activities pursuant to the
cost-sharing agreement with NGK.

     Cabot is one of approximately 25 parties identified by EPA as PRPs under
the Superfund law with respect to the cleanup of Fields Brook (the "Brook"), a
tributary of the Ashtabula River in northeast Ohio. From 1963 to 1972, Cabot
owned two manufacturing facilities located beside the Brook. Pursuant to an EPA
administrative order, 13 companies, including Cabot, are performing the design
and other preliminary work relating to remediation of sediment in the Brook and
soil in the floodplain and wetlands areas adjacent to the Brook. In 1997, EPA
and the companies reached agreement on the remedy for these areas; EPA made
certain changes to that remedy in response to its finding low levels of
previously undetected radioactive material in the Brook. In addition, EPA's cost
recovery claims have been settled, and the companies have negotiated consent
decrees with EPA, the State of Ohio and the Natural Resource Trustees that
settle the governments' claims for past costs and natural resource damages and
obligates the companies to implement the agreed remedy. Those consent decrees
were entered by the United States District Court for the Northern District of
Ohio on July 7, 1999. Remediation efforts at the site are ongoing.

     During the summer of 1998, Cabot joined a group of companies in forming the
Ashtabula River Cooperative Group ("ARCG") which collectively agreed on an
allocation for funding private party shares of a public/private partnership (the
Ashtabula River Partnership (the "ARP")), established to conduct navigational
dredging and environmental restoration of the Ashtabula River (the "River") in
Ashtabula, Ohio. The ARP expects to obtain additional funding from both the
federal and state governments for the project under the Federal Water Resources
Development Act ("WRDA"). In September 1999, the ARP issued a Comprehensive
Management Plan ("CMP") which placed an initial estimate of $42 million on the
project. An updated cost estimate for the project of approximately $48 million
was recently released by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers as part of the WRDA
process. Under the statutory formula available for funding this project under
WRDA, approximately 68% of its cost is to be borne by the federal government,
leaving 32% of the cost for non-federal participants. The State of Ohio has
pledged a contribution of $7 million to the project. The ARCG expects to be
asked to bear a substantial percentage of the remaining costs. In addition, the
ARCG has received a notice of claim for natural resource damages related to the
River and the amount of that claim remains to be negotiated with the Natural
Resource Trustees.

     In June, 2001 Cabot signed a Consent Order with the West Virginia
Department of Environmental Protection, Office of Air Quality (the "Agency")
regarding Cabot's carbon black manufacturing facility in Waverly, West Virginia.
The Consent Order resolves claims by the Agency that the Waverly facility was
not in compliance with certain air permitting and regulatory requirements. Under
the Consent Order, Cabot was required to submit a penalty payment of $200,000 to
the Agency's Air Pollution and Education Fund. Cabot was also required to submit
an air permit application to the Agency by September 1, 2001 (which date was
subsequently extended to October 1, 2001), and the application was submitted.
The Consent Order also imposes certain operational and recordkeeping
requirements on the Waverly facility, none of which are expected to have a
material adverse effect on the Company.

     In 1994, Detrex Chemical Industries, Inc. filed third-party complaints
against eight companies, including Cabot, in connection with material allegedly
sent to the Koski/Reserve Environmental Services ("RES") landfill in Ashtabula,
Ohio. Cabot and other third-party defendants filed complaints against five
additional companies that sent waste to the site. In May 1998, Cabot and certain
other defendants agreed to settle their liability for this matter by agreeing to
fund and conduct a portion of the remedy at the landfill site and to loan RES
$1.2 million to fund cleanup activities of RES on other portions of the site.
Cabot is one of five of the

                                        8
<PAGE>

settling defendants that agreed to conduct the work; the others made one-time
cash payments to resolve their liabilities at the site.

     Cabot is the holder of a Nuclear Regulatory Commission ("NRC") license for
certain slag waste material deposited on industrial property on Tulpehocken
Street in Reading, Pennsylvania in the late 1960s by a predecessor of Cabot that
had leased a portion of the site to process tin slags. The slag material
contains low levels of uranium and thorium, thus subjecting it to NRC
jurisdiction. A consultant for Cabot has prepared a site decommissioning plan
for the slag material which concludes that the levels of radioactivity in the
slag are low enough that the material can be safely left in place and still meet
NRC requirements for license termination without restrictions. Cabot's
decommissioning plan proposing this in-place remedy was filed with the NRC in
late August 1998. The current owner of the Tulpehocken Street site, the City of
Reading and the Reading Redevelopment Authority (the "RRA") filed requests for a
hearing with the NRC concerning Cabot's decommissioning plan, alleging various
deficiencies with the plan. In October 2000, Cabot reached an agreement with the
City of Reading and the RRA to settle their claims. Under that agreement,
assuming the NRC approves Cabot's decommissioning plan, Cabot will pay a fixed
amount to the RRA in three separate installments over three or more years. In
exchange, the RRA has agreed to maintain the slag on the site and prohibit its
disturbance or removal. Cabot continues to work with the NRC to obtain approval
of the decommissioning plan.

     In July 1991, EPA instituted litigation against a number of parties, not
including Cabot, seeking to recover its costs incurred in connection with an
investigation of the Berks Associates Superfund Site in Douglassville,
Pennsylvania. Cabot was joined in this litigation as a third-party defendant. In
April 1996, EPA proposed that ten companies, including Cabot, undertake the
remaining remediation required at the site and indicated it would be willing to
reconsider, to some extent, the remediation technology to be used. After further
study, the EPA agreed that the alternative remedy is feasible. The companies'
consultant estimates the cost to implement the alternative remedy at the site is
approximately $13 million to $18 million. The companies, including Cabot, have
entered into a Consent Decree concerning implementation of the alternative
remedy and payment of certain EPA past costs.

     In 1994, EPA issued a Unilateral Administrative Order to Cabot and 11 other
respondents pursuant to the Superfund law with respect to the Revere Chemical
Site (a/k/a Echo Site) in Nockamixon Township, Bucks County, Pennsylvania (the
"Revere Chemical Site"). The order required the respondents to design and
implement several remedial measures at the Revere Chemical Site. Cabot responded
to EPA's order by indicating that it should not have been named as a respondent
and by raising several objections to the order. Certain other recipients of the
order proceeded to conduct the work required by EPA, and Cabot understands that
the remedial work has been completed. Cabot entered into a settlement agreement
with the performing parties in October 2001 covering response costs at the site.
Cabot has been informed by the parties who performed the work that the total
cost of cleanup activities at the site is estimated to be approximately $12
million, not including certain unreimbursed costs claimed by EPA. In August
1999, Cabot received a letter from the U.S. Department of Justice ("DOJ"), which
stated that EPA had asked the DOJ to bring an enforcement action against Cabot
for its failure to comply with the EPA order. Cabot has entered into settlement
discussions with the DOJ and EPA in an attempt to resolve that dispute.

     The EPA has completed an investigation of certain areas surrounding the
Company's Boyertown, Pennsylvania facility. The investigation was prompted by
media reports of complaints by area farmers of health impacts and damage to
livestock and crops allegedly associated with emissions from the Boyertown
facility. In a report dated November 2000, EPA stated that increased
concentrations of some elements in environmental media at locations near the
Boyertown site did not pose a health threat to the broad community necessitating
a cleanup action by the EPA. The EPA report concluded that EPA could find no
relationship between industrial emissions and reported poor farm production and
animal health concerns. In November 1999, Cabot received a letter from an
attorney representing certain farmers in the area threatening litigation
concerning contamination alleged to be caused by the Boyertown plant. In
September of 2001, two of the farmers filed suit in Pennsylvania state court
alleging damage to their herds. Cabot removed the case to federal court. This
suit is in discovery. The Company believes that it has strong defenses against
plaintiffs' claims.

                                        9
<PAGE>

     In May 2000, the Direction Regionale de L'Industrie, de la Recherche et de
L'Environment ("DRIRE") and the Prefecture de la Seine-Maritime (the
"Prefecture") issued an order to United Chemical France S.A. ("UCF"), a French
subsidiary of Cabot, requiring UCF to undertake a simplified risk assessment
("SRA") of a former waste dump operated by UCF from the mid-1960s to the early
1980s in the Town of Notre Dame de Gravenchon. The SRA was completed at the end
of November 2000. It concluded that the site does not pose a major risk of
groundwater contamination, and that no further investigation is necessary. The
report has been submitted to the authorities in France but has not yet been
approved by them. When Cabot purchased UCF in 1985, the seller indemnified Cabot
for matters relating to events occurring prior to the sale, including
environmental matters. Cabot has notified the seller that Cabot believes that
the indemnification would cover costs related to the Final Order.

     In January 1999, DRIRE notified Cabot France S.A., a French subsidiary of
Cabot, that the DRIRE was investigating groundwater pollution in the Montee des
Pins area where Cabot France S.A.'s carbon black plant in Berre l'Etang, France
is located. The DRIRE convened meetings of various industries in the area and
asked them to work together on a study of area groundwater conditions. Ten
companies, including Cabot France S.A., worked together to fund and undertake
the initial study requested by the DRIRE. Based on the results of that study, a
neighboring company, Shell Oil, appears to be responsible for the existing
groundwater contamination. Cabot and the other companies are expecting Shell Oil
to assume responsibility for remediating the groundwater conditions in the area.

     Cabot, along with a number of other companies, is a PRP under the Superfund
law with respect to the King of Prussia Technical Corp. site in Winslow
Township, New Jersey. Work on site remediation was completed several years ago
except for ongoing operation and maintenance of groundwater treatment
facilities. Cabot and four other companies involved have agreed on the portions
of the costs to be borne by each company. In a December 22, 1998 letter to Cabot
and the other four companies, EPA demanded approximately $4.1 million in past
costs at the site. This dispute has been resolved through settlement
negotiations between the group of companies and EPA for $1.7 million. In
addition, in May, 2001 the NJDEP informed Cabot, along with the other named
parties, that NJDEP has incurred certain unreimbursed response costs at the
site. Cabot is awaiting the cost information from NJDEP.

     On June 5, 1999, there was a break in the pipeline used to transport carbon
black feedstock from a nearby port to a Ravenna, Italy carbon black facility
owned by Cabot Italiana S.p.A., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cabot. The break
was in a portion of the pipeline adjacent to a neighboring industrial facility.
As a result, a substantial amount of carbon black feedstock was released at the
neighboring facility. An expert for the public prosecutor in Ravenna has
completed an initial investigation of the facts of the spill. He has concluded
that the pipeline was damaged from drilling activity conducted by a third party,
and that Cabot is not responsible for causing the spill. In the interim, the
Company undertook emergency remediation efforts immediately following the spill.
Claims have been asserted against the Company by the owner of the facility where
the spill occurred and by the owners of a sewer system into which some of the
oil flowed. In addition, the Company has asserted a claim against the third
parties that caused the spill. The municipal environmental authorities issued an
order to the Company and the parties who damaged the pipeline ordering them to
undertake further activities to address conditions caused by the spill. The
Company and the other parties have challenged issuance of the order, and the
administrative courts in Italy are hearing the matter. The parties, including
the Company, have entered into an agreement to fund most of the activities
required by the administrative order, and work under that agreement is
proceeding. As of September 2001, the Company has spent in excess of $6 million
responding to the spill. The Company has notified its insurers about the spill
and has received reimbursement from them for a substantial portion of those
costs. At this point, the Company does not know the likely course that legal
proceedings will take, and does not have an estimate of the costs, if any, that
the Company will ultimately bear.

     The Louisiana Department of Environmental Quality ("LADEQ") notified Cabot
in a January 5, 1995 letter of its potential liability with respect to the Great
National Oil/Ida Gas site in Ida, Louisiana (the "Ida Site") and requested
information regarding Cabot's activities related to the Ida Site or involvement
with the Hartsell Oil Company of Rodessa, Louisiana. Cabot responded on February
15, 1995 by indicating that during the 1982 to 1984 time period, Cabot's
Arcadia, Louisiana facility sold used oil to Hartsell for reprocessing.
                                        10
<PAGE>

Cabot's Arcadia facility was sold to Haynes International, Inc. ("Haynes") in
December 1986. Cabot believes that it is entitled to indemnity from Haynes
pursuant to the acquisition agreement by which Haynes acquired the facility.
Haynes has denied Cabot's request for indemnification but also requested
additional information concerning this claim. In 1997, Cabot and eight other
parties received a demand letter from LADEQ for oversight costs incurred in
connection with the site from July 1989 to December 1996. Cabot paid its
pro-rata share of those costs in April 1997, which payment was an immaterial
amount. In May 2000, Cabot learned that the LADEQ intends to require the parties
it has previously notified, including the Company, to perform investigation and
cleanup activities at the site. The potential costs of those activities is
unknown at this time.

     Cabot has received various requests for information and notifications that
it may be a PRP at several other Superfund sites.

     As of September 30, 2001, approximately $30 million was reserved for
environmental matters by the Company. This amount represents the Company's
current best estimate of costs likely to be incurred based on its analysis of
the extent of cleanup required, alternative cleanup methods available, abilities
of other responsible parties to contribute and its interpretation of laws and
regulations applicable to each site.

OTHER PROCEEDINGS

     The Company is a defendant in a patent infringement case, Rodel v. Cabot,
now pending in the federal court in Delaware, in which it is alleged that the
Company's W2000 slurries and possibly other slurries made for use in Chemical
Mechanical Planarization infringe, or contribute to the infringement of, a
patent owned by Rodel (the "Roberts Patent"). The Company has filed an answer
denying infringement and asserting that the Roberts Patent is not valid. The
Company has also filed a motion to dismiss on the grounds that the plaintiff is
not the owner of the Roberts Patent. Rodel requested re-examination of the
Roberts Patent by the US Patent & Trademark Office. This lawsuit was stayed
pending re-examination. Although the re-examination was completed in March,
2001, the stay had not been lifted. Cabot has moved for summary judgment on the
grounds of invalidity. Cabot continues to believe it has valid defenses and will
vigorously defend the action. The Company is a defendant in a second patent
infringement case, also entitled Rodel v. Cabot and pending in the federal court
in Delaware, in which it is alleged that certain experimental slurries made by
the Company for use in Chemical Mechanical Planarization infringe, or contribute
to the infringement of, one or two other patents owned by Rodel (the
"Brancaleoni Patents"). The Company filed an answer denying infringement and
asserting that the Brancaleoni Patents are not valid. The Company's motion to
dismiss on the grounds that the plaintiff is not the owner of the Brancaleoni
Patents was denied. A number of motions are pending before the court, including
the Company's summary judgment motion. Trial is expected to take place next
year. The Company continues to believe it has valid defenses and will vigorously
defend the action. Cabot Microelectronics Corporation, which was spun off from
the Company in 2000, has assumed the Company's liabilities in connection with
both of the foregoing cases.

     Several additional lawsuits have been filed in 2001 in connection with
Cabot's discontinued beryllium operations. Cabot entered the beryllium industry
through an acquisition in 1978. It ceased manufacturing beryllium products at
one of the acquired facilities in 1980, and another portion of Cabot's former
beryllium business was sold to NGK Metals, Inc. in 1986. Two individuals who
have resided for many years in the immediate vicinity of Cabot's former
beryllium facility located in Reading, Pennsylvania brought suit in United
States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania against Cabot and
NGK for personal injury allegedly caused by beryllium particle emissions
produced at that facility over the course of many decades. These cases were
settled in 2001. Several additional individuals from the Reading area have also
filed suit on a similar basis. There are also approximately twenty other
beryllium product liability cases pending against Cabot in Tennessee,
Pennsylvania, Illinois, California, Colorado and Missouri. A number of cases in
Tennessee have been dismissed in 2001 as a result of findings by the court on
the validity of Cabot's defenses. The following class action suits have been
filed. (1) Individuals who reside within a 6-mile zone surrounding the Reading
facility have filed a purported class action in Pennsylvania state court seeking
the creation of a trust fund to pay for the medical monitoring of the
surrounding resident population. (2) A class action was filed in Pennsylvania
state court on behalf of all former employees of Cabot and NGK in Pennsylvania
also seeking medical monitoring. (3) A third class action, filed in the United
States District Court for the Eastern
                                        11
<PAGE>

District of Pennsylvania, purported to assert claims on behalf of a nationwide
class of workers who have been employed by customers of various beryllium
manufacturers including Cabot; plaintiffs in this action seek the creation of a
"medical surveillance and screening program" for all class members. (4) Finally,
other individuals who reside within a 6-mile zone surrounding Cabot's former
facility in Hazleton, Pennsylvania have filed a purported class action in
Pennsylvania state court seeking the creation of a trust fund to pay for the
medical monitoring of the surrounding resident population. The class action
relating to the employees of customers described in (3) above has been
dismissed. The class action relating to the former employees of Cabot and NGK
described in (2) above will soon be dismissed. The Company believes it has valid
defenses to these actions and will assert them vigorously in the various venues
in which claims have been asserted. In addition, Cabot is indemnified by NGK in
connection with many of these matters. Moreover, recent federal legislation
creating a federally funded compensation scheme for beryllium workers injured or
otherwise requiring medical screening or testing may well affect certain of
these pending beryllium cases.

     The Company has exposure to a safety respiratory products business that it
acquired in April 1990. It disposed of that business in July 1995. In connection
with its acquisition of the business, the Company agreed with the seller,
American Optical Corporation, and another former owner of the business to share
responsibility for legal costs, including settlements and judgments, in
connection with a number of lawsuits and claims relating to the respirators.
These lawsuits and claims typically involve allegations that the plaintiffs
suffer from asbestosis or silicosis as a result, in part, from respirators that
were negligently designed or labeled. The defendants in these lawsuits are often
numerous and include, in addition to respirator manufacturers, the plaintiffs'
employers and makers of asbestos and sand used in sand blasting. When the
Company disposed of the business in 1995 to Aearo Corporation ("Aearo"), it
agreed with Aearo that for an annual fee of $400,000 the Company would retain
responsibility for, and indemnify Aearo against, claims asserted after July 11,
1995 to the extent they are alleged to arise out of the use of respirators
before that date. Aearo can discontinue payment of the fee at any time, in which
case it will assume the responsibility for and indemnify the Company with
respect to these claims. Neither the Company, nor its past or present
subsidiaries, at any time manufactured asbestos or asbestos-containing products.
Moreover, not every person with exposure to asbestos giving rise to an asbestos
claim used a form of respiratory protection. At no time did the business for
which the Company is financially responsible for legal costs represent a
significant portion of the respirator market. In addition, as a result of the
sharing arrangements involving these lawsuits and claims, the Company has only a
portion of the liability in any given case. It is management's opinion, taking
into account currently available information, past experience, contractual
obligations and insurance coverage which may be applicable, that these suits and
claims should not result in final judgments or settlements that, in the
aggregate, would have a material effect on the Company's financial condition or
results of operations.

     The Company has various other lawsuits, claims and contingent liabilities
arising in the ordinary course of its business. In the opinion of the Company,
although final disposition of all of its suits and claims may impact the
Company's financial statements in a particular period, they should not, in the
aggregate, have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial position.
(See Note O of the Notes to the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements,
which appears in Item 8 of this annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
ended September 30, 2001.)

ITEM 4.  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

     None.

                                        12
<PAGE>

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

     Set forth below for each person who was an executive officer of Cabot at
the end of the 2001 fiscal year, is information, as of November 30, 2001,
regarding his or her age, position(s) with Cabot, the periods during which he or
she served as an officer and his or her business experience during at least the
past five years:

<Table>
<Caption>
NAME                       AGE   OFFICES HELD/BUSINESS EXPERIENCE            DATES HELD
----                       ---   --------------------------------            ----------
<S>                        <C>   <C>                               <C>
John E. Anderson.........  61    Cabot Corporation
                                 Vice President, Safety, Health
                                   and Environmental Affairs       March 2000 to present
                                 Vice President and Director,
                                   Global Quality                  March 1996 to March 2000
William T. Anderson......  46    Cabot Corporation
                                 Vice President                    March 2000 to November 2001
                                 Controller                        September 1997 to November 2001
                                 Acting Corporate Controller and
                                   Assistant Controller            February 1997 to September 1997
                                 Assistant Controller              July 1995 to February 1997
Kennett F. Burnes........  58    Cabot Corporation
                                 Chairman of the Board             May 2001 to present
                                 President                         February 1995 to present
                                 Chief Executive Officer           March 2001 to present
                                 Chief Operating Officer           March 1996 to March 2001
                                 Executive Vice President          October 1988 to February 1995
Ho-il Kim................  43    Cabot Corporation
                                 Vice President and General
                                   Counsel                         July 2000 to present
                                 Counsel                           August 1992 to July 2000
William P. Noglows.......  43    Cabot Corporation
                                 Executive Vice President          March 1998 to present
                                 Vice President                    February 1994 to March 1998
                                 Director of Global Manufacturing  November 1997 to present
                                 General Manager, Cab-O-Sil
                                   Division                        November 1992 to November 1997
Thomas H. Odle...........  43    Cabot Corporation
                                 Vice President                    March 1997 to present
                                 General Manager, Cabot
                                   Performance Materials           October 1996 to March 1997
Roland R. Silverio.......  54    Cabot Corporation
                                 Vice President                    May 1998 to present
                                 Director of Human Resources/
                                   Organizational Effectiveness    May 1998 to November 2001
                                 Director of Organizational
                                   Development                     January 1998 to May 1998
                                                                   October 1992 to October 1995
                                 Manager of Training and
                                   Development                     July 1990 to October 1992
                                 Managing Partner, The Franklin
                                   Group                           October 1995 to January 1998
</Table>

                                    PART II

ITEM 5.  MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER
MATTERS

     Cabot's Common Stock is listed for trading (symbol CBT) on the New York,
Boston, and Pacific stock exchanges and the Chicago Board Options Exchange. As
of September 30, 2001, there were approximately

                                        13
<PAGE>

1,652 holders of record of Cabot's Common Stock. The price range in which the
stock has traded, as reported on the composite tape, and the quarterly cash
dividends for the past two years are shown below.

STOCK PRICE AND DIVIDEND DATA

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                 DECEMBER   MARCH     JUNE    SEPTEMBER    YEAR
                                                 --------   ------   ------   ---------   ------
<S>                                              <C>        <C>      <C>      <C>         <C>
FISCAL 2001
Cash dividends per share.......................   $ 0.11    $ 0.11   $ 0.13    $ 0.13     $ 0.48
Price range of common stock:
  High.........................................   $26.75    $39.40   $38.74    $41.35     $41.35
  Low..........................................   $18.56    $25.13   $31.40    $34.87     $18.56
  Close........................................   $26.38    $31.50   $36.02    $39.90     $39.90
</Table>

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                 DECEMBER   MARCH     JUNE    SEPTEMBER    YEAR
                                                 --------   ------   ------   ---------   ------
<S>                                              <C>        <C>      <C>      <C>         <C>
FISCAL 2000
Cash dividends per share.......................   $ 0.11    $ 0.11   $ 0.11    $ 0.11     $ 0.44
Price range of common stock:
  High.........................................   $13.31    $17.51   $17.27    $21.97     $21.97
  Low..........................................   $10.55    $11.12   $14.39    $16.29     $10.55
  Close........................................   $11.70    $17.51   $15.65    $18.19     $18.19
</Table>

     On September 29, 2000, Cabot Corporation distributed to its shareholders in
the form of a stock dividend 0.28047 shares of Cabot Microelectronics for each
outstanding share of Cabot common stock. As a result, Cabot Corporation's stock
price was restated on October 2, 2000 from $31.69 to $18.19 by the New York
Stock Exchange to reflect the distribution of Cabot's ownership in Cabot
Microelectronics to Cabot's shareholders. Accordingly, the stock prices
presented above for fiscal 2000 are all restated on the same basis.

ITEM 6.  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

     Cabot Corporation Selected Financial Data:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                       YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30
                                            -----------------------------------------------
                                             2001      2000      1999      1998      1997
                                            -------   -------   -------   -------   -------
                                            (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)
<S>                                         <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>
Financial Highlights
  Net sales and other operating
     revenues.............................  $1,670    $1,574    $1,405    $1,443    $1,450
                                            ------    ------    ------    ------    ------
  Income from continuing operations.......  $  121    $  108    $   82    $  116    $   90
                                            ------    ------    ------    ------    ------
  Long-term debt..........................  $  419    $  329    $  419    $  316    $  286
  Minority interest.......................      27        31        32        25        23
  Stockholders' equity....................     950     1,047       706       706       728
                                            ------    ------    ------    ------    ------
          Total capitalization............  $1,396    $1,407    $1,157    $1,047    $1,037
                                            ------    ------    ------    ------    ------
          Total assets....................  $1,919    $2,134    $1,842    $1,805    $1,826
                                            ------    ------    ------    ------    ------
Income from continuing operations per
  common share:
  Basic...................................  $ 1.89    $ 1.65    $ 1.24    $ 1.72    $ 1.29
  Diluted.................................  $ 1.62    $ 1.46    $ 1.11    $ 1.53    $ 1.15
  Cash dividends (declared and paid)......  $ 0.48    $ 0.44    $ 0.44    $ 0.42    $ 0.40
                                            ------    ------    ------    ------    ------
Weighted average common shares outstanding
  in millions (diluted)...................      74        73        73        75        77
                                            ------    ------    ------    ------    ------
</Table>

                                        14
<PAGE>

     Information regarding the sale of Cabot's LNG business and the spin-off of
Cabot Microelectronics Corporation common stock can be found in Note C of the
Notes to the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements, which appears in Item
8 of this annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30,
2001.

ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS

     Cabot Corporation and its subsidiaries (the "Company" or "Cabot") are
organized into three reportable segments: Chemical Businesses, Cabot Performance
Materials ("CPM"), and Cabot Specialty Fluids ("CSF"). The Chemical Businesses
are comprised of the carbon black, fumed metal oxides, and inkjet colorants
businesses.

     The following discussion of results includes diluted earnings per share,
segment sales, and operating profit before taxes ("PBT"). Segment PBT is a
measure used by chief operating decision-makers to measure the Company's
consolidated operating results and assess segment performance. The following
discussion has been prepared on a basis consistent with segment reporting as
outlined in Note Q of the consolidated financial statements. (Refer to Note Q of
the consolidated financial statements for a definition of segment PBT and
additional segment information.)

     The following analysis of financial condition and operating results should
be read in conjunction with Cabot's consolidated financial statements and
accompanying notes. Unless a calendar year is specified, all references to years
in this discussion are to Cabot's fiscal years ended September 30.

OVERVIEW

     Cabot reported earnings per share of $1.66, $6.20, and $1.31 in 2001, 2000,
and 1999, respectively. In 2000, earnings included the net gain of $4.25 from
the sale of the Liquefied Natural Gas ("LNG") business. Earnings from continuing
operations totaled $1.62 in 2001 versus $1.46 in 2000. For 2001, the $1.62
amount included a net $0.20 charge for special items. For 2000, $1.46 in
earnings from continuing operations included a net $0.09 charge for special
items. Earnings from continuing operations totaled $1.11 in 1999 including a net
$0.14 charge from special items. Special items are detailed in the Company
Summary section of Management's Discussion and Analysis.

     In 2001, weakened economic conditions resulted in lower demand in the
Chemical Businesses. In addition, higher feedstock costs, higher administrative
costs, and negative currency translations adversely impacted results in the
Chemical Businesses. The carbon black business experienced lower volumes across
all markets and in all regions with the exception of Asia Pacific. The fumed
metal oxides business also experienced reduced volumes in most of its markets.
Inkjet colorants realized increased volumes in 2001. The Performance Materials
Business experienced increased pricing and higher volumes due to new customer
contracts entered into in the first quarter of fiscal 2001. The Specialty Fluids
Business continued to gain market acceptance and experienced significantly
higher volumes and improved pricing.

     In 2000, Cabot completed several initiatives focused on improving
shareholder value. These initiatives included the realization of approximately
$50 million in cost reductions, the initial public offering ("IPO") and
subsequent spin-off of Cabot Microelectronics and the sale of the LNG business
for $688 million, resulting in a net gain of $4.25 per share.

     Cabot continues to pursue its strategy of managing costs and developing new
products and businesses based on its core competencies. Cabot is also committed
to achieving productivity improvements and further refining its business
portfolio in order to achieve its objectives of increasing earnings and stock
price performance.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

     In fiscal year 2001, Cabot's operating results were comprised of three
segments: Chemical Businesses, Performance Materials, and Specialty Fluids. Due
to the disposition and spin-off of LNG and Cabot

                                        15
<PAGE>

Microelectronics, respectively, earnings related to those segments are reported
as "discontinued" for the 2000 and 1999 fiscal years.

     Cabot's sales for 2001, 2000 and 1999 were $1,670 million, $1,574 million
and $1,405 million, respectively. In 2001, improved pricing and increased
volumes in the Performance Materials Business offset lower volumes and negative
currency exchange effects in the Chemical Businesses resulting in a $96 million
improvement in sales versus 2000. Sales increased $169 million in 2000 as
compared to 1999 due to increased volumes and higher selling prices in the
Chemical Businesses somewhat offset by negative currency trends.

SEGMENT SALES

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                              2001    2000
                                                              ----    ----
<S>                                                           <C>     <C>
Chemical Businesses.........................................   79%     85%
Performance Materials.......................................   20%     14%
Specialty Fluids............................................    1%      1%
</Table>

SALES BY GEOGRAPHIC REGION

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                              2001    2000
                                                              ----    ----
<S>                                                           <C>     <C>
North America...............................................   47%     43%
Europe......................................................   29%     32%
Latin America...............................................    9%     10%
Asia Pacific................................................   15%     15%
</Table>

  CONTINUING OPERATIONS

CHEMICAL BUSINESSES: CARBON BLACK, FUMED METAL OXIDES, AND INKJET COLORANTS

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                             SEGMENT SALES   SEGMENT PBT
                                                             -------------   -----------
                                                                (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)
<S>                                                          <C>             <C>
2001.......................................................     $1,335          $121
2000.......................................................      1,360           180
1999.......................................................      1,224           163
</Table>

     Sales for the Chemical Businesses were $1,335 million in 2001, compared
with $1,360 million in 2000 and $1,224 million in 1999. In 2001, sales decreased
2%, primarily as a result of lower volumes. PBT decreased 33%, from $180 million
in 2000 to $121 million in 2001, largely as the result of a strong US dollar and
lower volumes and, to a lesser extent, due to increased feedstock costs, higher
administrative and business development costs, somewhat offset by improved
pricing. Currency translation negatively impacted the businesses in every
quarter of fiscal 2001 versus fiscal 2000. In addition, feedstock costs
increased in each of the first three quarters of fiscal 2001 and stabilized in
the fourth fiscal quarter. In comparing 2000 to 1999, sales increased 11% and
PBT increased 10%. These improvements were attributable to higher volumes and
significant cost reductions, which amounted to approximately $50 million in
annual cost savings in fiscal 2000.

     Carbon black sales, which comprise the majority of the Chemical Businesses
segment, were down 3% from last year due to lower volumes. Volume declined in
all regions with the exception of Asia Pacific, which remained flat. Weak
economic conditions, particularly in North America, resulted in a global carbon
black volume decrease of 6%. In addition to lower volumes, rising feedstock
costs and a stronger US dollar negatively impacted carbon black's profitability
resulting in an annual decrease in PBT of 20%.

     In 2001, the fumed metal oxides business experienced decreased demand from
its traditional silicone rubber, composites, and adhesives markets, with overall
sales and volumes down 7% and 10%, respectively. In addition, increased energy
costs in North America, higher operating costs, and a stronger US dollar
resulted in a 60% decrease in the profitability of fumed metal oxides.

                                        16
<PAGE>

     The inkjet colorants business continues gaining market acceptance, growing
both sales and volumes in 2001. Sales and volumes increased 54% and 69% compared
to last year, albeit off of a relatively small base, due to higher penetration
in the inkjet colorants market. The inkjet colorants business operated at
approximately breakeven in 2001.

  OUTLOOK FOR 2002

     The Chemical Businesses have experienced weak order patterns for the past
three quarters, which will likely continue until the overall global economy
begins to recover. In an effort to mitigate the economic climate, the businesses
will continue to search for cost efficiencies and will focus on cost savings
initiatives.

     Although growth in the inkjet printer market has slowed considerably, the
inkjet colorants business expects to see increases in sales and volumes as the
installed base of its customers' printers increases.

PERFORMANCE MATERIALS

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                             SEGMENT SALES   SEGMENT PBT
                                                             -------------   -----------
                                                                (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)
<S>                                                          <C>             <C>
2001.......................................................      $329            $78
2000.......................................................       215             38
1999.......................................................       187             30
</Table>

     Performance Materials sales were $329 million in 2001, compared with $215
million in 2000 and $187 million in 1999. Although the electronic capacitor
market weakened significantly in the second half of the year, new customer
contracts entered into in the first fiscal quarter of 2001 resulted in a 14%
volume increase in fiscal 2001. In addition, average costs and average selling
prices increased 42% and 45%, respectively, in 2001 compared to 2000. As a
result, PBT increased 105% in 2001 versus 2000. In 2000, improvements in volumes
and prices offset increases in tantalum ore costs resulting in a 27% improvement
in profitability compared to 1999.

  OUTLOOK FOR 2002

     Demand for electronic products has been extremely weak for most of fiscal
2001 which has resulted in inventory build in the tantalum capacitor supply
chain. As a result of weak demand and high levels of inventory, the market for
tantalum remains weak. Cabot's long-term contracts with its customers call for
specified volumes and prices for the coming year; however, Cabot continues to
work with its customers to look for ways to help them in these difficult market
conditions while preserving the long-term value of the contracts. The Company is
uncertain of the magnitude of the impact, if any, of these discussions on
Cabot's future earnings. The electronics products marketplace and the
corresponding demand for tantalum capacitors is likely to remain weak until the
overall global electronics market begins to recover.

SPECIALTY FLUIDS

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                             SEGMENT SALES   SEGMENT PBT
                                                             -------------   -----------
                                                                (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)
<S>                                                          <C>             <C>
2001.......................................................       $27            $0
2000.......................................................        20            (3)
1999.......................................................        12            (3)
</Table>

     Specialty Fluids sales in 2001 were $27 million versus $20 million in 2000
and $12 million in 1999. Higher sales resulted from a 14% increase in volumes
and improved pricing. In 2001, cesium formate was successfully used in 21 oil
and gas well completions and five drill-in applications bringing the total
number of jobs as of November 30, 2001 to 46. During 2001, initial production
flow tests were performed on three drill-in applications. Preliminary results
were favorable and indicated that cesium formate increased drilling speed,
minimized skin damage, and improved initial production flow rates by two to five
times. In 2000, increased

                                        17
<PAGE>

demand resulted in the re-starting of cesium formate production that was
temporarily suspended in 1999 as a result of excess inventory and a downturn in
the oil industry.

  OUTLOOK FOR 2002

     Demand for the Specialty Fluids Business continues to grow. In 2002, the
Company expects to increase the number of drill-ins and completion applications
as the market develops for the use of cesium formate as the premium drilling
fluid for High-Temperature High-Pressure ("HTHP") wells. Furthermore, as the CSF
business continues to demonstrate cesium formate's ability to deliver superior
performance, the Company will search for ways to participate in the value
created in the drilling of oil and gas wells.

  DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS

     Cabot sold its LNG business and spun-off its Cabot Microelectronics
business in 2000. In 2001, Cabot received additional proceeds of $3 million, net
of tax, from the sale of its LNG business. Cabot reported earnings from
discontinued operations of $0.49 per diluted common share in 2000 compared to
$0.20 per diluted common share in 1999. Income from operations of discontinued
businesses, net of tax, for 2000 and 1999 was $36 million and $15 million,
respectively.

COMPANY SUMMARY

  INCOME FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS

     Income before income taxes was $150 million in 2001, a 4% decline versus
$157 million in 2000. In 1999, income before income taxes was $113 million.
Income in 2001 was negatively impacted by special items, unfavorable currency
translations, and lower volumes in the Chemical Businesses. In 2001, special
items consisted of a $1 million insurance recovery and a $1 million recovery of
costs from one of the 2000 plant closings. Special items for 2001 also included
a $2 million charge from the discontinuance of a toll manufacturing agreement of
which $1 million remained accrued at September 30, 2001. In addition a $21
million charge was recorded related to the retirement of the Chief Executive
Officer and the resignation of the Chief Financial Officer. The charge consisted
of $13 million to accelerate the vesting of shares issued under Cabot's Long
Term Incentive Compensation Plan and $8 million of cash payments. In 2000,
special items consisted of the benefit of a $10 million insurance recovery, a $2
million charge to increase the environmental reserve, and an $18 million charge
to close two plants. Included in the $18 million charge were accruals of $2
million for severance and termination benefits for approximately 38 employees of
the Chemical and Performance Materials Businesses, $7 million for facility
closing costs, and a $9 million charge for the impairment of long-lived plant
assets. During 2001, $1 million of severance and termination benefits and $3
million of facility closing costs were paid. It was determined during fiscal
2001 that the recovery value of fixed assets was overvalued by $2 million and
the required facility closing costs would be $2 million less than originally
accrued. At September 30, 2001, $3 million remained in the accrual. During 1999,
Cabot began the implementation of initiatives to reduce costs and improve
operating efficiencies. In connection with these efforts, Cabot recorded a $26
million charge for capacity utilization and cost reduction initiatives. These
initiatives included $16 million for severance and termination benefits for
approximately 265 employees, of which $8 million and $7 million was paid out in
2000 and 1999, respectively. The remainder of the accrual was paid out during
2001. Also included in the charge was $10 million for the retirement of certain
long-lived plant assets, primarily at the Australian carbon black facility and
European plastics master batch operations. All special items are included in the
consolidated statements of income.

     Gross margin improved by $23 million in 2001 due to higher pricing in all
the businesses and increased volumes in the CPM business. These improvements
were somewhat offset by higher raw material costs in all the businesses and a
strong US dollar. In 2000, gross margin decreased $4 million as compared to 1999
due to higher raw material costs.

     Operating expenses include research and technical service, and selling and
administrative expenses. Research and technical service spending increased from
$43 million in 2000 to $48 million in 2001. The increase reflects increased
spending in CPM as well as in the inkjet colorants business and other developing
                                        18
<PAGE>

businesses. In 2000, cost reductions in the carbon black and CPM businesses led
to a significant decrease in spending, from $58 million in 1999 to $43 million
in 2000. Selling and administrative expenses for 2001, 2000, and 1999 were $208
million, $173 million, and $186 million, respectively. The increase in 2001 is
primarily due to increased administrative costs including our Enterprise-wide
Resource Planning initiative and stock-based compensation. Selling and
administrative expenses decreased $13 million from 1999 to 2000 as a result of
the successful implementation of cost improvement initiatives in the Chemical
Businesses.

     Interest expense from continuing operations was $1 million lower in 2001
compared to 2000 and $6 million lower in 2000 versus 1999 due to the repayment
of debt and lower interest rates. Interest expense was $32 million, $33 million,
$39 million in 2001, 2000, and 1999, respectively.

     During fiscal 2001, Cabot completed a reorganization of its international
legal entity structure. One of the results of this reorganization was a decrease
in Cabot's overall effective income tax rate from 36% in fiscal 1999 and 2000 to
28% in fiscal 2001. It is anticipated that the effective income tax rate for
2002 will be approximately 28% to 30%. The underlying factors affecting Cabot's
overall effective tax rates are summarized in Note M of the consolidated
financial statements.

     Cabot's share of earnings from equity affiliates increased from $13 million
in 1999 and 2000 to $20 million in 2001 as a result of increased earnings from
Showa Cabot Supermetals, a Japanese joint venture in the Performance Materials
Business.

NET INCOME

     Net income was $124 million ($1.66 per diluted common share) in 2001
compared to $453 million ($6.20 per diluted common share) in 2000 and $97
million ($1.31 per diluted common share) in 1999.

     The following table summarizes the impact of special items and the gain on
sale of equity securities, net of tax, on diluted earnings per common share:

<Table>
<Caption>
SPECIAL ITEMS & GAIN ON SALE                                   2001     2000     1999
----------------------------                                  ------   ------   ------
<S>                                                           <C>      <C>      <C>
Insurance recoveries........................................  $ 0.01   $ 0.08       --
Sale of K N Energy, Inc. stock..............................      --       --   $ 0.09
Cost reduction initiatives/programs.........................    0.01    (0.16)   (0.23)
Retirement of Chief Executive Officer and resignation of
  Chief Financial Officer...................................   (0.20)      --       --
Discontinuance of toll manufacturing agreement..............   (0.02)      --       --
Environmental charge........................................      --    (0.01)      --
                                                              ------   ------   ------
Special Items & Gain on Sale per common share -- diluted....  $(0.20)  $(0.09)  $(0.14)
                                                              ======   ======   ======
</Table>

     Excluding special items and the gain on sale of equity securities, net
income from continuing operations would have been $136 million in 2001, $114
million in 2000 and $92 million in 1999.

RISK MANAGEMENT

  MARKET RISK

     Cabot's principal risk management objective is to identify and monitor its
exposure to interest rates, foreign currency rates, commodity prices and Cabot's
share price in order to assess the impact that changes in each could have on
future cash flow and earnings. Cabot manages these risks through normal
operating and financial activities and, when deemed appropriate, through the use
of derivative financial instruments. Gains or losses associated with financial
instruments are generally offset by the changes in value of the underlying
transaction. Market risk exposure to other financial instruments is not material
to earnings, cash flow, or fair values.

                                        19
<PAGE>

     Cabot's risk management policy prohibits entering into financial
instruments for speculative purposes. All instruments entered into by Cabot are
reviewed and approved by Cabot's Risk Management Committee, which is charged
with enforcing Cabot's risk management policy.

  INTEREST RATES

     Cabot's objective in managing its exposure to interest rate changes is to
maintain an appropriate balance of fixed and variable rate debt and to match
borrowing costs with the economics of Cabot's business cycles. Cabot uses
interest rate swaps to adjust fixed and variable rate debt positions. Cabot did
not enter into financial instruments to hedge interest rates during 2001 or
2000. Cabot settled its remaining interest rate swaps in January 2000. For 2000
and 1999, the gains or losses in interest income or expense associated with
interest rate swaps were immaterial.

     In October of 2001, Cabot entered into interest rate swaps in an aggregate
notional amount of $97 million in order to balance its mix of fixed and variable
rate debt. The instruments mature on various dates through February 2007.

     As of September 30, 2001, Cabot had $364 million in cash and short-term
investments. It is the Company's practice to invest excess cash in instruments
that will earn a high rate of return, consistent with the protection of
principal. Interest income earned may vary as a result of changes in interest
rates and average cash balances, which could fluctuate over time. Based on
current market rates of 2.7% and a cash balance invested in money market
securities of $320 million, a 10% change in interest rates could cause interest
income to change by approximately $1 million.

  FOREIGN CURRENCY

     Cabot's international operations are subject to certain risks, including
currency fluctuations and government actions. Operations in each country are
closely monitored so Cabot can respond to changing economic and political
environments and to fluctuations in foreign currencies. Accordingly, Cabot
utilizes short-term forward contracts to hedge receivables and payables
denominated in currencies other than its foreign entities' functional
currencies. In 2001, none of Cabot's forward contracts were designated as
hedging instruments under FAS No. 133. Cabot monitors its foreign exchange
exposures and adjusts its hedge position accordingly. Cabot's forward foreign
exchange contracts are denominated primarily in the EURO, Japanese yen, British
pound sterling, Canadian dollar, and Australian dollar.

  SHARE REPURCHASES

     As a regular practice, Cabot repurchases its shares in order to offset
dilution caused by issuing shares under its various employee stock plans. In
addition, Cabot may repurchase its shares as a preferred method of returning
excess cash to shareholders. From time to time, Cabot enters into derivative
instruments in its stock in order to fix the price of stock for delivery at a
future date. These agreements provide Cabot with the right to settle forward
contracts in cash or an equivalent value of Cabot Corporation common stock. In
2001 Cabot purchased 100,000 shares under share repurchase contracts at an
average price of $35 per share. At September 30, 2001 there were no open share
repurchase contracts.

  COMMODITIES

     Cabot is exposed to price fluctuations for certain commodities such as oil
feedstock and natural gas. When it owned the LNG business, from time to time,
Cabot entered into commodity futures contracts, commodity price swaps, and/or
option contracts to hedge a portion of firmly committed and anticipated
transactions against natural gas price fluctuations. In 2000, Cabot realized a
$1 million loss on futures contracts. In 1999, Cabot realized gains associated
with futures of $2 million and realized losses associated with options of $2
million. At September 30, 2001 and 2000, no contracts were outstanding.

                                        20
<PAGE>

  VALUE-AT-RISK

     Cabot utilizes a Value-at-Risk ("VAR") model to determine the maximum
potential loss in the fair value of its foreign exchange, share repurchases and
commodity sensitive derivative financial instruments within a 95% confidence
interval. Cabot's computation is based on the interrelationships between
movements in interest rates, foreign currencies, share repurchases and
commodities. These interrelationships are determined by observing historical
interest rates, foreign currency, share price and commodity market changes over
corresponding periods. The assets and liabilities, firm commitments and
anticipated transactions, which are hedged by derivative financial instruments,
are excluded from the model. The VAR model estimates were made assuming normal
market conditions. There are various modeling techniques that can be used in the
VAR computation. Cabot's computations are based on a Monte Carlo simulation
method. The VAR Model is a risk analysis tool and does not purport to represent
actual gains or losses in fair value that will be incurred by Cabot. The VAR
Model estimated a maximum loss in market value of $2 million from October 1,
2001 through November 30, 2001 for derivative instruments held as of September
30, 2001.

     At no time during 2001 did actual changes in market value exceed the VAR
amounts during the reporting period.

     In 2000, the VAR Model estimated a maximum loss in market value of $1
million for derivative instruments held as of September 30, 2000.

CASH FLOW AND LIQUIDITY

     Cash generated in 2001 from operating activities was $26 million, compared
with $264 million in 2000 and $208 million in 1999. The decrease in operating
cash in 2001 is largely attributable to a $178 million tax payment made in
fiscal 2001 which was related to the sale of the LNG business in fiscal 2000.
The change in 2000 versus 1999 was primarily due to improved working capital as
a result of an ongoing capital efficiency initiative.

     Capital spending from continuing operations on property, plant and
equipment, and investments and acquisitions for 2001, 2000 and 1999 was $133
million, $108 million and $133 million, respectively. The 2000 and 1999 amounts
excluded capital spending from discontinued operations of $45 million and $39
million, respectively. The major components of the 2001, 2000 and 1999 capital
programs included new business expansion, normal plant operating capital
projects, capacity expansion in Cabot's CPM, fumed metal oxides and inkjet
businesses, and the development of new products. Capital expenditures for 2002
are expected to be approximately $200 million and include replacement projects,
plant expansions, and the completion of projects started in fiscal 2001.

     Cash used in 2001 in financing activities was $176 million, compared with
$184 million in 2000 and $69 million in 1999. In 2001, the Company used cash for
the repurchase of its common stock which was partially offset by net proceeds
from long-term debt. In 2000, the Company used cash for the repayment of debt
and repurchase of common stock, partially offset by dividends received from
Cabot Microelectronics as a result of its IPO.

     Cabot's ratio of total debt (including short-term debt, net of cash) to
capital increased from (29%) at September 30, 2000 to 9% at September 30, 2001,
primarily due to a lower cash balance in 2001, resulting from the repurchase of
Cabot common stock and income tax payments.

     In November 2000, a Cabot subsidiary issued a 150 million EURO Note (fair
market value of $138 million at September 30, 2001) to a group of institutional
lenders. The loan bears interest at EURIBOR plus 0.70%, and is scheduled to
mature in November 2003.

     On October 4, 2000, Cabot purchased $17 million of its Medium Term Notes
(MTNs) at par plus accrued interest. The 7.28% MTNs were issued on October 21,
1997, had a maturity date of October 21, 2027, and were subject to a put at par
in 2004.

                                        21
<PAGE>

     On September 8, 2000, Cabot's Board of Directors authorized the repurchase
of up to 10 million shares of Cabot's common stock, superseding prior
authorizations. Approximately 7 million shares have been purchased under this
new authorization as of October 31, 2001.

     Cabot repurchased 7 million, 2 million, and 2 million shares of its common
stock for $218 million, $40 million, and $44 million in 2001, 2000, and 1999,
respectively.

     In July 2001, Cabot replaced its revolving credit facility with a new
agreement. Under the new agreement, Cabot may, under certain conditions, borrow
up to $250 million at floating rates. The new facility is available through July
13, 2006. As of September 30, 2001, Cabot had no borrowings outstanding under
this arrangement. Management expects cash on hand, cash from operations and
present financing arrangements, including Cabot's unused line of credit and
shelf registration for debt securities, to be sufficient to meet Cabot's cash
requirements for the foreseeable future.

     During 2001, 2000, and 1999 Cabot paid cash dividends of $0.48, $0.44, and
$0.44, respectively, per share of common stock. In November 2001, the Board of
Directors approved a $0.13 per share dividend on its common stock payable in the
first fiscal quarter of 2002.

     Cabot is a defendant, or potentially responsible party, in various lawsuits
and environmental proceedings wherein substantial amounts are claimed or are at
issue. During the next few years, Cabot expects to spend a significant portion
of its $30 million environmental reserve in connection with remediation at
various environmental sites. These sites are primarily associated with
businesses divested in prior years.

NEW ACCOUNTING STANDARDS

     In 2001, Cabot adopted the following new accounting pronouncement:

          In June 2001, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued
     Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 141, "Business
     Combinations" ("FAS No. 141"), which requires that the purchase method of
     accounting be used for all business combinations initiated after June 30,
     2001 and establishes specific criteria for the recognition of intangible
     assets separately from goodwill, and requires that unallocated negative
     goodwill be written off immediately as an extraordinary gain instead of
     being deferred and amortized. Cabot will account for business combinations
     after June 30, 2001 in accordance with the guidance in FAS No. 141.

     Cabot is assessing the impact of the following new accounting
pronouncements:

          In June 2001, the FASB issued Statement of Financial Accounting
     Standard No. 142, "Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets" ("FAS No. 142").
     Under FAS No. 142 goodwill and indefinite lived intangible assets will no
     longer be amortized. Instead, goodwill will be subject to annual impairment
     tests performed under the guidance of the Statement. Additionally, the
     amortization period of intangible assets with finite lives will no longer
     be limited to forty years. Cabot has elected to implement FAS No. 142 on
     October 1, 2001 and expects annual amortization expense to be reduced by $3
     million.

          The FASB issued Statement No. 143, "Accounting for Obligations
     Associated with the Retirement of Long-Lived Assets" ("FAS No. 143"), in
     June 2001. The objective of FAS No. 143 is to establish an accounting
     standard for the recognition and measurement of an asset retirement
     obligation on certain long-lived assets. The retirement obligation must be
     one that results from the acquisition, construction or normal operation of
     a long-lived asset. FAS No. 143 requires the legal obligation associated
     with the retirement of a tangible long-lived asset to be recognized at fair
     value as a liability when incurred and the cost capitalized by increasing
     the related long-lived asset. FAS No. 143 will be effective for Cabot on
     October 1, 2002. Cabot is currently evaluating the effect of implementing
     FAS No. 143.

          In October 2001, the FASB issued Statement of Financial Accounting
     Standard No. 144, "Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived
     Assets" ("FAS No. 144"), which supersedes FAS No. 121, "Accounting for the
     Impairment of Long-lived Assets and for Long-lived Assets to be Disposed
     of" and provisions of APB Opinion No. 30 "Reporting the Results of
     Operations -- Reporting the Effects of Disposal of a Segment of a Business,
     and Extraordinary, Unusual and Infrequently
                                        22
<PAGE>

     Occurring Events and Transactions" ("APB No. 30"), for the disposal of
     segments of a business. The statement creates one accounting model, based
     on the framework established in FAS No. 121, to be applied to all
     long-lived assets including discontinued operations. FAS No. 144 will be
     effective for Cabot on October 1, 2002. Cabot is currently evaluating the
     effect of implementing FAS No. 144.

FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION

     Included herein are statements relating to management's projections of
future profits, the possible achievement of Cabot's financial goals and
objectives, and management's expectations for Cabot's product development
program. Actual results may differ materially from the results anticipated in
the statements included herein due to a variety of factors, including but not
limited to the following: market supply and demand conditions, fluctuations in
currency exchange rates, changes in the rate of economic growth in the United
States and other major international economies, changes in regulatory
environments, changes in trade, monetary and fiscal policies throughout the
world, acts of war and terrorist activities, pending and future litigation, cost
of raw materials, patent rights of Cabot and others, demand for Cabot's
customers' products, and competitors' reactions to market conditions. Timely
commercialization of products under development by Cabot may be disrupted or
delayed by technical difficulties, market acceptance, or competitors' new
products, as well as difficulties in moving from the experimental stage to the
production stage. The risk management discussion and the estimated amounts
generated from the analyses are forward-looking statements of market risk,
assuming certain adverse market conditions occur. Actual results in the future
may differ materially from these projected results due to actual developments in
the global financial markets. The methods used by Cabot to assess and mitigate
risks should not be considered projections of future events or losses. The
Company undertakes no obligation to publicly release any revisions to the
forward-looking statements or reflect events or circumstances after the date of
this document.

ITEM 7A.  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

     The information required appears in the Risk Management portion of the
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations section of the financial information which appears in Item 7 of this
annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2001, and is
incorporated herein by reference.

                                        23
<PAGE>

ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

                         INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                   PAGE
                                                                   ----
<S>  <C>                                                           <C>
(1)  Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2001 and
     2000........................................................   25
(2)  Consolidated Statements of Income for each of the three
     fiscal years in the period ended September 30, 2001.........   27
(3)  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for each of the three
     fiscal years in the period ended September 30, 2001.........   28
(4)  Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders'
     Equity......................................................   29
(5)  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements..................   31
(6)  Report of Independent Accountants relating to the
     Consolidated Financial Statements
     listed above................................................   60
</Table>

                                        24
<PAGE>

                               CABOT CORPORATION

                          CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
                                  SEPTEMBER 30

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                 2001        2000
                                                              ----------   ---------
                                                              (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS,
                                                                 EXCEPT PER SHARE
                                                                     AMOUNTS)
<S>                                                           <C>          <C>
ASSETS
Current assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents.................................   $   364      $  638
  Accounts and notes receivable, net of reserve for doubtful
     accounts of $4 and $3..................................       267         280
  Inventories...............................................       285         232
  Prepaid expenses and other current assets.................        33          23
  Deferred income taxes.....................................        19          17
                                                               -------      ------
       Total current assets.................................       968       1,190
                                                               -------      ------
Investments:
  Equity....................................................        76          74
  Other.....................................................        29          27
                                                               -------      ------
       Total investments....................................       105         101
                                                               -------      ------
Property, plant and equipment...............................     1,856       1,794
Accumulated depreciation and amortization...................    (1,049)       (988)
                                                               -------      ------
       Net property, plant and equipment....................       807         806
                                                               -------      ------
Other assets:
  Intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization of $13
     and $11................................................        21          21
  Deferred income taxes.....................................         2           2
  Other assets..............................................        16          14
                                                               -------      ------
       Total other assets...................................        39          37
                                                               -------      ------
Total assets................................................   $ 1,919      $2,134
                                                               =======      ======
</Table>

   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
                                        25
<PAGE>
                               CABOT CORPORATION

                   CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS -- (CONTINUED)
                                  SEPTEMBER 30

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                2001         2000
                                                              --------     --------
                                                              (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS,
                                                                EXCEPT PER SHARE
                                                                    AMOUNTS)
<S>                                                           <C>          <C>
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Current liabilities:
  Notes payable to banks....................................   $   13       $   20
  Current portion of long-term debt.........................       30           48
  Accounts payable and accrued liabilities..................      243          425
  Deferred income taxes.....................................        5            1
                                                               ------       ------
     Total current liabilities..............................      291          494
                                                               ------       ------
Long-term debt..............................................      419          329
Deferred income taxes.......................................       94           90
Other liabilities...........................................      138          143
Commitments and contingencies (Note O)
Minority interest...........................................       27           31
Stockholders' equity:
  Preferred stock:
     Authorized: 2,000,000 shares of $1 par value
       Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock Issued
        and outstanding: none
       Series B ESOP Convertible Preferred Stock 7.75%
        Cumulative Issued: 75,336 shares, outstanding:
        59,148 and 62,285 shares (aggregate redemption value
        of $59 and $62).....................................       75           75
     Less cost of shares of preferred treasury stock........      (33)         (24)
  Common stock:
     Authorized: 200,000,000 shares of $1 par value
       Issued and outstanding: 62,633,252 and 67,700,060
        shares..............................................       63           68
Additional paid-in capital..................................        9          111
Retained earnings...........................................    1,078        1,040
Unearned compensation.......................................      (40)         (39)
Deferred employee benefits..................................      (54)         (56)
Notes receivable for restricted stock.......................      (23)         (27)
Accumulated other comprehensive loss........................     (125)        (101)
                                                               ------       ------
       Total stockholders' equity...........................      950        1,047
                                                               ------       ------
Total liabilities and stockholders' equity..................   $1,919       $2,134
                                                               ======       ======
</Table>

   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
                                        26
<PAGE>

                               CABOT CORPORATION

                       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME
                            YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                2001       2000       1999
                                                              --------   --------   --------
                                                               (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS, EXCEPT
                                                                    PER SHARE AMOUNTS)
<S>                                                           <C>        <C>        <C>
Revenues:
  Net sales and other operating revenues....................   $1,670     $1,574     $1,405
  Interest and dividend income..............................       28          6          4
                                                               ------     ------     ------
     Total revenues.........................................    1,698      1,580      1,409
                                                               ------     ------     ------
Costs and expenses:
  Cost of sales.............................................    1,237      1,164        991
  Selling and administrative expenses.......................      208        173        186
  Research and technical service............................       48         43         58
  Interest expense..........................................       32         33         39
  Special items.............................................       21         10         26
  Gain on sale of equity securities.........................       --         --        (10)
  Other charges, net........................................        2         --          6
                                                               ------     ------     ------
     Total costs and expenses...............................    1,548      1,423      1,296
                                                               ------     ------     ------
Income before income taxes..................................      150        157        113
Provision for income taxes..................................      (42)       (57)       (41)
Equity in net income of affiliated companies................       20         13         13
Minority interest in net income.............................       (7)        (5)        (3)
                                                               ------     ------     ------
     Income from continuing operations......................      121        108         82
Discontinued Operations
  Income from operations of discontinued businesses, net of
     income taxes...........................................       --         36         15
  Gain on sale of business, net of income taxes.............        3        309         --
                                                               ------     ------     ------
     Net Income.............................................      124        453         97
                                                               ------     ------     ------
Dividends on preferred stock, net of tax benefit of $2, $2
  and $2....................................................       (3)        (3)        (3)
                                                               ------     ------     ------
     Income applicable to common shares.....................   $  121     $  450     $   94
                                                               ======     ======     ======
Weighted-average common shares outstanding, in millions:
  Basic.....................................................       62         64         64
                                                               ======     ======     ======
  Diluted...................................................       74         73         73
                                                               ======     ======     ======
Income per common share:
  Basic:
     Continuing operations..................................   $ 1.89     $ 1.65     $ 1.24
     Discontinued Operations:
       Income from operations of discontinued businesses....       --       0.56       0.23
       Gain on sale of business.............................     0.05       4.83         --
                                                               ------     ------     ------
          Net Income........................................   $ 1.94     $ 7.04     $ 1.47
                                                               ======     ======     ======
  Diluted:
     Continuing operations..................................   $ 1.62     $ 1.46     $ 1.11
     Discontinued Operations:
       Income from operations of discontinued businesses....       --       0.49       0.20
       Gain on sale of business.............................     0.04       4.25         --
                                                               ------     ------     ------
          Net Income........................................   $ 1.66     $ 6.20     $ 1.31
                                                               ======     ======     ======
</Table>

   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
                                        27
<PAGE>

                               CABOT CORPORATION

                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                            YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                              2001    2000    1999
                                                              -----   -----   -----
                                                              (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)
<S>                                                           <C>     <C>     <C>
Cash Flows from Operating Activities
  Net income................................................  $ 124   $ 453   $  97
  Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash provided by
     operating activities:
     Depreciation and amortization..........................    115     129     125
     Deferred tax expense (benefit).........................      6      20      (3)
     Equity in net income of affiliated companies, net of
      dividends received....................................     (9)     (5)      6
     Special items..........................................     14      20      19
     Gain on sale of business, net of income taxes..........     (3)   (309)     --
     Gain on sale of equity securities......................     --      --     (10)
     Non-cash compensation..................................     22      17      12
     Other, net.............................................      5      --      --
     Changes in assets and liabilities, net of the effect of
     the consolidation of
      equity affiliates:
       Decrease (increase) in accounts and notes
        receivable..........................................     13     (73)    (38)
       Decrease (increase) in inventories...................    (55)      1      (7)
       Increase (decrease) in accounts payable and accrued
        liabilities.........................................    (31)     48      (2)
       Decrease in income taxes payable.....................   (175)    (10)    (14)
       Increase (decrease) in other liabilities.............     (6)    (22)     32
       Other, net...........................................      6      (5)     (9)
                                                              -----   -----   -----
          Cash provided by operating activities.............     26     264     208
                                                              -----   -----   -----
Cash Flows from Investing Activities
  Additions to property, plant and equipment................   (122)   (137)   (166)
  Proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment......      4       7       1
  Purchases of equity securities............................     (5)     (2)     --
  Proceeds from sales of equity securities..................     --      --      20
  Investments and acquisitions, excluding cash acquired.....     (6)    (14)     (6)
  Proceeds from sale of business............................      5     688      --
  Cash retained by discontinued operations..................     --     (14)     --
  Cash from consolidation of equity affiliates and other....     --      --       8
                                                              -----   -----   -----
          Cash provided by (used in) investing activities...   (124)    528    (143)
                                                              -----   -----   -----
Cash Flows from Financing Activities
  Proceeds from long-term debt..............................    129      17     103
  Repayments of long-term debt..............................    (63)    (62)    (11)
  Decrease in short-term debt, net..........................     (7)   (165)    (77)
  Proceeds from initial public offering of Cabot
     Microelectronics Corporation...........................     --      83      --
  Purchases of preferred and common stock...................   (229)    (47)    (46)
  Sales and issuances of preferred and common stock.........     13      15      11
  Cash dividends paid to stockholders.......................    (34)    (32)    (32)
  Purchase of notes receivable for restricted stock.........     --      --     (18)
  Employee loan repayments..................................     15       7       1
                                                              -----   -----   -----
          Cash used in financing activities.................   (176)   (184)    (69)
                                                              -----   -----   -----
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash.....................     --      (5)     (1)
                                                              -----   -----   -----
Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents............   (274)    603      (5)
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year..............    638      35      40
                                                              -----   -----   -----
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year....................  $ 364   $ 638   $  35
                                                              =====   =====   =====
</Table>

   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
                                        28
<PAGE>

                               CABOT CORPORATION

           CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
                            YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30
<Table>
<Caption>
                                    PREFERRED
                                     STOCK,                                       ACCUMULATED
                                     NET OF              ADDITIONAL                  OTHER                      DEFERRED
                                    TREASURY    COMMON    PAID-IN     RETAINED   COMPREHENSIVE     UNEARNED     EMPLOYEE
                                      STOCK     STOCK     CAPITAL     EARNINGS   INCOME (LOSS)   COMPENSATION   BENEFITS
                                    ---------   ------   ----------   --------   -------------   ------------   --------
                                                 (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)
<S>                                 <C>         <C>      <C>          <C>        <C>             <C>            <C>
1999
Balance at September 30, 1998.....     $61       $67        $  5       $  672        $ (13)          $(26)        $(60)
                                       ---       ---        ----       ------        -----           ----         ----
Net income........................                                         97
Foreign currency translation
  adjustments.....................                                                     (17)
Change in unrealized gain on
  available-for-sale securities...                                                     (14)
Total comprehensive income........
Common dividends paid.............                                        (29)
Issuance of stock under employee
  compensation plans, net of tax
  benefit of $5...................                 2          39                                      (16)
Purchase and retirement of common
  stock...........................                (2)        (39)          (3)
Purchase of treasury
  stock -- preferred..............      (3)
Preferred dividends paid to
  Employee Stock Ownership Plan,
  net of tax benefit of $2........                                         (3)
Principal payment by Employee
  Stock Ownership Plan under
  guaranteed loan.................                                                                                   1
Amortization of unearned
  compensation....................                                                                     12
Notes receivable -- loans
  purchased, payments, and
  forfeitures.....................
                                       ---       ---        ----       ------        -----           ----         ----
Balance at September 30, 1999.....     $58       $67        $  5       $  734        $ (44)          $(30)        $(59)
                                       ---       ---        ----       ------        -----           ----         ----
2000
Net income........................                                        453
Foreign currency translation
  adjustments.....................                                                     (58)
Change in unrealized gain on
  available-for-sale securities...                                                       1
Total comprehensive income........
Common dividends paid.............                                        (30)
Issuance of stock under employee
  compensation plans, net of tax
  benefit of $4...................                 3          51                                      (26)
Purchase and retirement of common
  stock...........................                (2)        (15)         (23)
Purchase of treasury
  stock -- preferred..............      (7)
Preferred dividends paid to
  Employee Stock Ownership Plan,
  net of tax benefit of $2........                                         (3)

<Caption>

                                        NOTES
                                    RECEIVABLE FOR       TOTAL           TOTAL
                                      RESTRICTED     STOCKHOLDERS'   COMPREHENSIVE
                                        STOCK           EQUITY          INCOME
                                    --------------   -------------   -------------
                                                (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)
<S>                                 <C>              <C>             <C>
1999
Balance at September 30, 1998.....       $ --           $  706
                                         ----           ------
Net income........................                                       $ 97
Foreign currency translation
  adjustments.....................                                        (17)
Change in unrealized gain on
  available-for-sale securities...                                        (14)
                                                                         ----
Total comprehensive income........                                       $ 66
                                                                         ====
Common dividends paid.............
Issuance of stock under employee
  compensation plans, net of tax
  benefit of $5...................         (8)
Purchase and retirement of common
  stock...........................
Purchase of treasury
  stock -- preferred..............
Preferred dividends paid to
  Employee Stock Ownership Plan,
  net of tax benefit of $2........
Principal payment by Employee
  Stock Ownership Plan under
  guaranteed loan.................
Amortization of unearned
  compensation....................
Notes receivable -- loans
  purchased, payments, and
  forfeitures.....................        (17)
                                         ----           ------
Balance at September 30, 1999.....       $(25)          $  706
                                         ----           ------
2000
Net income........................                                       $453
Foreign currency translation
  adjustments.....................                                        (58)
Change in unrealized gain on
  available-for-sale securities...                                          1
                                                                         ----
Total comprehensive income........                                       $396
                                                                         ====
Common dividends paid.............
Issuance of stock under employee
  compensation plans, net of tax
  benefit of $4...................        (10)
Purchase and retirement of common
  stock...........................
Purchase of treasury
  stock -- preferred..............
Preferred dividends paid to
  Employee Stock Ownership Plan,
  net of tax benefit of $2........
</Table>

                                        29
<PAGE>

                               CABOT CORPORATION

   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY -- (CONTINUED)
                            YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30
<Table>
<Caption>
                                    PREFERRED
                                     STOCK,                                       ACCUMULATED
                                     NET OF              ADDITIONAL                  OTHER                      DEFERRED
                                    TREASURY    COMMON    PAID-IN     RETAINED   COMPREHENSIVE     UNEARNED     EMPLOYEE
                                      STOCK     STOCK     CAPITAL     EARNINGS   INCOME (LOSS)   COMPENSATION   BENEFITS
                                    ---------   ------   ----------   --------   -------------   ------------   --------
                                                 (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)
<S>                                 <C>         <C>      <C>          <C>        <C>             <C>            <C>
Principal payment by Employee
  Stock Ownership Plan under
  guaranteed loan.................                                                                                   3
Amortization of unearned
  compensation....................                                                                     17
Notes receivable -- payments and
  forfeitures.....................
Proceeds from Initial Public
  Offering -- Cabot
  Microelectronics Corporation....                            83
Minority interest recorded related
  to Cabot Microelectronics
  Corporation.....................                           (13)
Cabot Microelectronics
  Corporation -- dividend.........                                        (91)
                                       ---       ---        ----       ------        -----           ----         ----
Balance at September 30, 2000.....     $51       $68        $111       $1,040        $(101)          $(39)        $(56)
                                       ---       ---        ----       ------        -----           ----         ----
2001
Net income........................                                        124
Foreign currency translation
  adjustments.....................                                                     (26)
Change in unrealized gain on
  available-for-sale securities...                                                       2
Total comprehensive income........
Common dividends paid.............                                        (31)
Issuance of stock under employee
  compensation plans, net of tax
  benefit of $4...................                 2          49                                      (27)
Purchase and retirement of common
  stock...........................                (7)       (161)         (52)
Purchase of treasury
  stock -- preferred..............      (9)
Preferred dividends paid to
  Employee Stock Ownership Plan,
  net of tax benefit of $2........                                         (3)
Principal payment by Employee
  Stock Ownership Plan under
  guaranteed loan.................                                                                                   2
Amortization of unearned
  compensation....................                            10                                       26
Notes receivable -- payments, and
  forfeitures.....................
                                       ---       ---        ----       ------        -----           ----         ----
Balance at September 30, 2001.....     $42       $63        $  9       $1,078        $(125)          $(40)        $(54)
                                       ---       ---        ----       ------        -----           ----         ----

<Caption>

                                        NOTES
                                    RECEIVABLE FOR       TOTAL           TOTAL
                                      RESTRICTED     STOCKHOLDERS'   COMPREHENSIVE
                                        STOCK           EQUITY          INCOME
                                    --------------   -------------   -------------
                                                (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)
<S>                                 <C>              <C>             <C>
Principal payment by Employee
  Stock Ownership Plan under
  guaranteed loan.................
Amortization of unearned
  compensation....................
Notes receivable -- payments and
  forfeitures.....................          8
Proceeds from Initial Public
  Offering -- Cabot
  Microelectronics Corporation....
Minority interest recorded related
  to Cabot Microelectronics
  Corporation.....................
Cabot Microelectronics
  Corporation -- dividend.........
                                         ----           ------
Balance at September 30, 2000.....       $(27)          $1,047
                                         ----           ------
2001
Net income........................                                       $124
Foreign currency translation
  adjustments.....................                                        (26)
Change in unrealized gain on
  available-for-sale securities...                                          2
                                                                         ----
Total comprehensive income........                                       $100
                                                                         ====
Common dividends paid.............
Issuance of stock under employee
  compensation plans, net of tax
  benefit of $4...................        (11)
Purchase and retirement of common
  stock...........................
Purchase of treasury
  stock -- preferred..............
Preferred dividends paid to
  Employee Stock Ownership Plan,
  net of tax benefit of $2........
Principal payment by Employee
  Stock Ownership Plan under
  guaranteed loan.................
Amortization of unearned
  compensation....................
Notes receivable -- payments, and
  forfeitures.....................         15
                                         ----           ------
Balance at September 30, 2001.....       $(23)          $  950
                                         ----           ------
</Table>

   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

                                        30
<PAGE>

NOTE A  SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

     The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with
generally accepted accounting principles. The significant accounting policies of
Cabot Corporation ("Cabot") are described below.

  PRINCIPLES OF CONSOLIDATION

     The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Cabot and
majority-owned and controlled U.S. and non-U.S. subsidiaries. Investments in 20%
to 50% owned affiliates are accounted for using the equity method. Intercompany
transactions have been eliminated.

  CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

     Cash equivalents include all highly liquid investments with a maturity of
three months or less at date of acquisition. Cash overdrafts are included with
notes payable to banks on the consolidated balance sheet.

  INVENTORIES

     Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. The cost of most
U.S. inventories is determined using the last-in, first-out ("LIFO") method. The
cost of other U.S. and all non-U.S. inventories is determined using the average
cost method or the first-in, first-out ("FIFO") method.

  INVESTMENTS

     Investments include investments in equity affiliates, investments in equity
securities, and investments accounted for under the cost method. Investments
held under the cost method are subject to impairment. Investments in equity
securities are classified as available-for-sale and are recorded at their fair
market values. Accordingly, any unrealized holding gains or losses, net of
taxes, are excluded from income and recognized as a separate component of other
comprehensive income within stockholders' equity. For all investment securities,
unrealized losses that are other than temporary are recognized in net income.
The fair value of equity securities is determined based on market prices at the
balance sheet dates. The cost of equity securities sold is determined by the
specific identification method.

  PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

     Property, plant and equipment are recorded at cost. Depreciation of
property, plant and equipment is generally calculated on the straight-line
method for financial reporting purposes. The depreciable lives for buildings,
machinery and equipment, and other fixed assets are 20 to 25 years, 10 to 20
years, and 3 to 20 years, respectively. The cost and accumulated depreciation
for property, plant and equipment sold, retired, or otherwise disposed of are
relieved from the accounts, and resulting gains or losses are reflected in
income.

     Cabot capitalizes internal use software costs in accordance with Statement
of Position No. 98-1, "Accounting for the Cost of Computer Software Developed or
Obtained for Internal Use."

  INTANGIBLE ASSETS

     Intangible assets are comprised of the cost of business acquisitions in
excess of the fair value assigned to the net tangible assets acquired and the
costs of technology, licenses, and patents purchased in business acquisitions.
The excess of cost over the fair value of net assets acquired is amortized on
the straight-line basis over the estimated useful life up to 40 years. Other
intangibles are amortized over their estimated useful lives. Included in other
charges is amortization expense of $4 million for 2001, 2000 and 1999.

  IMPAIRMENT OF LONG-LIVED ASSETS

     Cabot reviews long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes
in business circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may
not be fully recoverable. Each impairment test is based on

                                        31
<PAGE>

comparison of undiscounted cash flows to the recorded value of the asset. If an
impairment is indicated, the asset is written down to its fair value.

  FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION

     The functional currency of the majority of Cabot's foreign subsidiaries is
the local currency. Substantially all assets and liabilities of foreign
operations are translated into U.S. dollars at exchange rates in effect at the
balance sheet dates. Unrealized currency translation adjustments are accumulated
as a separate component of other comprehensive income within stockholders'
equity. Income and expense items are translated at average exchange rates during
the year. Foreign currency gains and losses arising from transactions are
reflected in net income. Included in other charges for 2001, 2000 and 1999 are
net foreign exchange losses of $3 million, $1 million and $1 million,
respectively.

  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

     Derivative financial instruments are used by Cabot to manage some of its
foreign currency exposures. Cabot may also use financial instruments to manage
other exposures, such as commodity prices, share repurchases and interest rates.
Cabot does not enter into financial instruments for speculative purposes.
Derivative financial instruments are accounted for in accordance with Statement
of Financial Accounting Standard No. 133, "Accounting for Derivative Instruments
and Hedging Activities", and are measured at fair value and recorded on the
balance sheet. Through fiscal 2001, Cabot did not enter into financial
instruments which received hedge accounting treatment under FAS No. 133. If the
derivative instrument is not designated as a hedge, the gain or loss from
changes in the fair value is recognized in earnings in the period of change.

  REVENUE RECOGNITION

     The Company derives its revenues through the sale of chemical products,
performance materials and specialty fluids products. Cabot recognizes revenue
when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the
sales price is fixed or determinable and collectibility is probable. Provision
is made at the time the related revenue is recognized for estimated rebates and
product returns which may occur.

     The SEC issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 101, "Revenue Recognition in
Financial Statements" ("SAB 101") in December 1999, which establishes criteria
which must be satisfied before revenue is realized or realizable and earned.
During fiscal 2001, the Company reviewed the provisions of SAB 101 and concluded
that its revenue recognition policies were in compliance with the standard.
Accordingly, there were no transition adjustments required in applying the
provisions of SAB 101.

     In addition, the Emerging Issues Task Force issued EITF 00-10, "Accounting
for Shipping and Handling Fees and Costs." Shipping and handling charges related
to sales transactions are recorded as sales revenue when billed to customers or
included in the sale price. Shipping and handling costs that were previously
netted against revenues are now included in cost of sales. Shipping and handling
costs reclassified from revenue to cost of sales to conform to the 2001
presentation in fiscal 2000 and 1999 amounted to $57 million and $51 million,
respectively.

  INCOME TAXES

     Deferred income taxes are determined based on the estimated future tax
effects of differences between financial statement carrying amounts and the tax
bases of existing assets and liabilities. Provisions are made for the U.S.
income tax liability and additional non-U.S. taxes on the undistributed earnings
of non-U.S. subsidiaries, except for amounts Cabot has designated to be
indefinitely reinvested.

  EQUITY INCENTIVE PLANS

     In accordance with the provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards No. 123, "Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation" ("FAS No. 123"),
Cabot has elected to account for stock-based compensation plans consistent with
Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 25, "Accounting for Stock Issued to

                                        32
<PAGE>

Employees" ("APB No. 25"), and related interpretations in accounting. Cabot
discloses the summary of pro forma effects to reported net income and earnings
per share, as if Cabot had elected to recognize compensation cost based on the
fair value of the options granted at grant date, as prescribed by FAS No. 123.

     Under Cabot's Equity Incentive Plans, common stock may be granted at a
discount to certain key employees. Generally, restricted stock awards cannot be
sold or otherwise encumbered during the three years following the grant. Upon
issuance of stock under the plan, unearned compensation equivalent to the
difference between the market value on the date of the grant and the discounted
price is charged to a separate component of stockholders' equity and
subsequently amortized over the vesting period.

  COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

     Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), which is disclosed in the
stockholders' equity section of the consolidated balance sheet, includes
unrealized gains or losses on available-for-sale securities, translation
adjustments on investments in foreign subsidiaries, and translation adjustments
on foreign securities.

  ENVIRONMENTAL CLEANUP MATTERS

     Cabot expenses environmental costs related to existing conditions resulting
from past or current operations and from which no current or future benefit is
discernible. Cabot determines its liability on a site-by-site basis and records
a liability at the time when it is probable and can be reasonably estimated.
Cabot's estimated liability is reduced to reflect the anticipated participation
of other potentially responsible parties in those instances where it is probable
that such parties are legally responsible and financially capable of paying
their respective shares of the relevant costs. The estimated liability of Cabot
is not reduced for possible recoveries from insurance carriers.

  USE OF ESTIMATES

     The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with
generally accepted accounting principles, requires management to make certain
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and
liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities, at the date
of the consolidated financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues
and expenses during the reported period. Actual results could differ from those
estimates.

  RECLASSIFICATION

     Certain amounts in 2000 and 1999 have been reclassified to conform to the
2001 presentation. These reclassifications had no affect on operating income.

  NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

     In 2001, Cabot adopted the following new accounting pronouncements:

     - Effective October 1, 2000, Cabot adopted Statement of Financial
       Accounting Standards No. 133, "Accounting for Derivative Instruments and
       Hedging Activities" ("FAS No. 133"), as amended. The adoption of FAS No.
       133 did not have an impact on Cabot's financial position or results of
       operations. FAS No. 133 establishes accounting and reporting standards
       requiring that all derivative instruments, including certain derivative
       instruments embedded in other contracts, be recorded in the balance sheet
       as either assets or liabilities measured at fair value. FAS No. 133
       requires that changes in the derivative instrument's fair value be
       recognized currently in earnings, unless specific hedge accounting
       criteria are met. Special accounting for qualifying hedges allows a
       derivative instrument's gains and losses to offset related results on the
       hedged item in the income statement, and requires that a company must
       formally document, designate, and assess the effectiveness of
       transactions that receive hedge accounting.

                                        33
<PAGE>

     - Cabot adopted Emerging Issues Task Force ("EITF") No. 00-10 "Accounting
       for Shipping and Handling Fees and Costs", as of October 1, 2000. Amounts
       billed as shipping and handling are required to be recorded as revenue,
       however a company can adopt a policy of including shipping and handling
       costs in cost of sales. Following the guidance of EITF No. 00-10, Cabot
       has reclassified shipping and handling costs to cost of sales for all
       periods presented. As a result, reported net sales have increased, with a
       corresponding increase in cost of sales.

     - In December 1999, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") released
       Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 101 ("SAB 101"), which provides guidance on
       the recognition, presentation, and disclosure of revenue in financial
       statements filed with the SEC. In June 2000, the SEC released SAB 101B,
       which postponed the effective date of SAB 101 to the fourth quarter of
       fiscal years beginning after December 15, 1999. We have reviewed our
       revenue recognition policies and have found them to be in compliance with
       SAB 101 in all material respects.

     - In June 2001, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued
       Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 141, "Business
       Combinations" ("FAS No. 141"), which requires that the purchase method of
       accounting be used for all business combinations initiated after June 30,
       2001, establishes specific criteria for the recognition of intangible
       assets separately from goodwill, and requires that unallocated negative
       goodwill be written off immediately as an extraordinary gain instead of
       being deferred and amortized. Cabot will account for business
       combinations after June 30, 2001 in accordance with the guidance in FAS
       No. 141.

     In addition, Cabot is assessing the impact of the following standards:

     - In June 2001, the FASB issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
       No. 142, "Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets" ("FAS No. 142"). Under
       FAS No. 142, goodwill and indefinite lived intangible assets will no
       longer be amortized. Instead, goodwill and indefinite lived intangible
       assets will be subject to annual impairment tests performed under the
       guidance of the statement. Additionally, the amortization period of
       intangible assets with finite lives will no longer be limited to forty
       years. Cabot has elected to implement FAS No. 142 on October 1, 2001 and
       expects annual amortization expense to be reduced by $3 million.

     - The FASB issued Statement No. 143, "Accounting for Obligations Associated
       with the Retirement of Long-Lived Assets" ("FAS No. 143"), in June 2001.
       The objective of FAS No. 143 is to establish an accounting standard for
       the recognition and measurement of an asset retirement obligation on
       certain long-lived assets. The retirement obligation must be one that
       results from the acquisition, construction or normal operation of a
       long-lived asset. FAS No. 143 requires the legal obligation associated
       with the retirement of a tangible long-lived asset to be recognized at
       fair value as a liability when incurred, and the cost to be capitalized
       by increasing the carrying amount of the related long-lived asset. FAS
       No. 143 will be effective for Cabot on October 1, 2002. Cabot is
       currently evaluating the effect of implementing FAS No. 143.

     - In October 2001, the FASB issued Statement of Financial Accounting
       Standard No. 144, "Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of
       Long-Lived Assets" ("FAS No. 144"), which supersedes FAS No. 121,
       "Accounting for the Impairment of Long-lived Assets and for Long-lived
       Assets to be Disposed of" and provisions of APB Opinion No. 30 "Reporting
       the Results of Operations -- Reporting the Effects of Disposal of a
       Segment of a Business, and Extraordinary, Unusual and Infrequently
       Occurring Events and Transactions" ("APB No. 30"), for the disposal of
       segments of a business. The statement creates one accounting model, based
       on the framework established in FAS No. 121, to be applied to all
       long-lived assets including discontinued operations. FAS No. 144 will be
       effective for Cabot on October 1, 2002. Cabot is currently evaluating the
       effect of implementing FAS No. 144.

                                        34
<PAGE>

NOTE B  SPECIAL ITEMS AND ACQUISITIONS

  SPECIAL ITEMS

     Special items for 2001 include the benefits of a $1 million insurance
recovery and a $1 million recovery of costs from one of the 2000 plant closings.
Special charges for 2001 include a $2 million charge from the discontinuance of
a toll manufacturing agreement of which $1 million remained accrued at September
30, 2001. In addition a $21 million charge was recorded related to the
retirement of the Chief Executive Officer and the resignation of the Chief
Financial Officer. The charge consisted of $13 million to accelerate the vesting
of shares issued under Cabot's Long Term Incentive Compensation Plan and $8
million of cash payments. These items are reported as special in the
consolidated statements of income.

     Special items for fiscal 2000 included the benefit of a $10 million
insurance recovery, a $2 million charge to increase the environmental reserve,
and an $18 million charge to close two plants. Included in the $18 million
charge were accruals of $2 million for severance and termination benefits for
approximately 38 employees of the Chemical and Performance Materials Businesses,
$7 million for facility closing costs, and a $9 million charge for the
impairment of long-lived plant assets. These items are reported as special in
the consolidated statements of income. During 2001, $1 million of severance and
termination benefits and $3 million of facility closing costs were paid. It was
determined during fiscal 2001 that the recovery value of fixed assets was
overvalued by $2 million and the required facility closing costs would be $2
million less than originally accrued. At September 30, 2001, $3 million remains
in the accrual.

     During 1999, Cabot began implementation of initiatives to reduce costs and
improve operating efficiencies. In connection with these efforts, Cabot recorded
a $26 million charge for capacity utilization and cost reduction initiatives.
These initiatives included $16 million for severance and termination benefits
for approximately 265 employees, of which $8 million and $7 million was paid out
in 2000 and 1999, respectively. The remainder of the accrual was paid out during
2001. Also included in the charge was $10 million for the retirement of certain
long-lived plant assets, primarily at the Australian carbon black facility and
European plastics master batch operations. These items are reported as special
in the consolidated statements of income.

  ACQUISITIONS

     On March 16, 2001, Cabot announced an open offer for approximately 4
million shares of Cabot India Limited, at 100 Rupees per share. Cabot India
Limited is a majority owned subsidiary of Cabot Corporation and its shares are
traded on Indian stock exchanges. The tender offer was for the 40% ownership of
Cabot India Limited held by minority interest shareholders. The tender offer
closed on June 16, 2001 and the share transfer procedures occurred in July 2001.
Approximately 3 million of the outstanding shares were acquired for $6 million,
raising Cabot's total ownership to approximately 92% as of September 30, 2001.
Cabot made a follow-on offer at the same price for the remaining shares. The
follow on offer closed in October 2001, with Cabot acquiring an additional 2%
ownership. The excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the minority
interest acquired of approximately $2 million was recorded as goodwill.

     In March 2001, Cabot exercised an option to purchase 1 million shares of
Angus & Ross Plc common stock. In May 2001, Cabot purchased an additional 4
million shares of Angus & Ross Plc common stock. The total purchase price of the
5 million shares was $1 million. The purchase of the additional 4 million shares
increased Cabot's ownership in Angus & Ross Plc to approximately 21%. The
investment is accounted for under the equity method. As part of the agreement,
Cabot received an option to purchase an additional 5 million shares of common
stock. The option has not yet been exercised.

     On March 17, 2000, Cabot signed a preliminary agreement to acquire the
remaining interest in a joint venture for approximately $14 million. The
acquisition closed in the third quarter of fiscal 2000 and was accounted for
using the purchase method of accounting. Accordingly, the purchase price was
allocated to the net assets acquired based on their estimated fair values. The
excess of the purchase price over fair value of net assets acquired of
approximately $7 million was recorded as goodwill and is being amortized over 10
years.

                                        35
<PAGE>

NOTE C  DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS

     On September 19, 2000, Cabot completed a transaction to sell its Liquefied
Natural Gas (LNG) segment for $688 million in cash. The sale included Cabot's
LNG terminal in Everett, Massachusetts, its LNG tanker, the Matthew, and its
equity interest in the Atlantic LNG liquefaction plant in Trinidad. The gain on
the sale of the LNG segment was approximately $309 million, net of taxes of $178
million.

     In February 2001, Cabot received additional cash proceeds of $5 million
from the sale. The receipt, net of taxes, is classified as a gain on sale of
business in the consolidated statement of income.

     On April 4, 2000, Cabot Microelectronics Corporation, then a subsidiary of
Cabot, sold 4.6 million shares of its common stock in an initial public offering
(IPO). The 4.6 million shares represented approximately 19.5% of Cabot
Microelectronics. The net proceeds from the IPO were approximately $83 million.
Cabot received an aggregate of approximately $81 million in dividends from Cabot
Microelectronics. On July 25, 2000, a committee of Cabot's Board of Directors
voted to spin off its remaining 80.5% equity interest in Cabot Microelectronics
by distributing a special dividend of its remaining interest in Cabot
Microelectronics to its common stockholders of record as of the close of regular
trading on the New York Stock Exchange on September 13, 2000. The tax-free
distribution took place on September 29, 2000.

     For fiscal 2000 and 1999 the operating results of the LNG and Cabot
Microelectronics segments have been segregated from continuing operations and
reported as a separate item on the consolidated statements of income. Interest
expense was allocated to discontinued operations proportionally based upon total
assets, in accordance with APB No. 30. Condensed operating results of the
discontinued operations are as follows:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                  SEPTEMBER 30
                                                              ---------------------
                                                               2000          1999
                                                              -------       -------
                                                              (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)
<S>                                                           <C>           <C>
Net sales and other operating revenues......................   $579          $361
Income before income taxes and minority interest............     62            23
Provision for income taxes..................................     22             8
Minority interests..........................................      4            --
Income from operations, net of income taxes.................     36            15
</Table>

NOTE D  INVENTORIES

     Inventories, net of reserves, were as follows:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                  SEPTEMBER 30
                                                              ---------------------
                                                               2001          2000
                                                              -------       -------
                                                              (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)
<S>                                                           <C>           <C>
Raw materials...............................................   $ 76          $ 73
Work in process.............................................     70            45
Finished goods..............................................    106            83
Other.......................................................     33            31
                                                               ----          ----
     Total..................................................   $285          $232
                                                               ====          ====
</Table>

     Inventories valued under the LIFO method comprised approximately 26% and
25% of 2001 and 2000 total inventory, respectively. At September 30, 2001 and
2000, the estimated current cost of these inventories exceeded their stated
valuation determined on the LIFO basis by approximately $94 million and $58
million, respectively. There were no significant liquidations of LIFO
inventories in 2001 and 1999. In 2000, LIFO inventory quantities were reduced,
which resulted in a liquidation of LIFO inventory layers carried at lower costs
which prevailed in prior years. The effect of the 2000 liquidation was to
decrease cost of sales by approximately $5 million and to increase net earnings
by $3 million. Other inventory is comprised of spare parts and supplies.

                                        36
<PAGE>

NOTE E  INVESTMENTS

     At September 30, 2001 and 2000, investments in common stock accounted for
using the equity method amounted to $76 million and $74 million, respectively.
In addition to joint ventures in the Chemical Businesses segment, Cabot's equity
investments include Showa Cabot Supermetals, a 50% joint venture in the
Performance Materials segment. Dividends received from equity affiliates were
$11 million in 2001, $8 million in 2000, and $19 million in 1999.

     The results of operations and financial position of Showa Cabot Supermetals
and Cabot's other equity-basis affiliates are summarized below:

                            EQUITY-BASED AFFILIATES

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                     SHOWA CABOT          OTHER EQUITY
                                                     SUPERMETALS           AFFILIATES
                                                  ------------------   ------------------
                                                               SEPTEMBER 30
                                                  ---------------------------------------
                                                  2001   2000   1999   2001   2000   1999
                                                  ----   ----   ----   ----   ----   ----
                                                           (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)
<S>                                               <C>    <C>    <C>    <C>    <C>    <C>
Condensed Income Statement Information:
  Net sales.....................................  $209   $175   $133   $475   $511   $489
  Gross profit..................................    64     39     32    173    196    196
  Net income....................................    30     15     10     18     23     29
Condensed Balance Sheet Information:
  Current assets................................  $147   $142          $171   $179
  Non-current assets............................    53     28           337    356
  Current liabilities...........................    77     78           153    193
  Non-current liabilities.......................    66     38           245    238
  Net assets....................................    57     54           110    104
</Table>

     Other investments of $29 million include $2 million of cost based
investments and $27 million of available-for-sale equity securities at September
30, 2001. At September 30, 2000 other investments included $3 million of cost
based investments and $24 million of available-for-sale equity securities. The
cost and fair value of available-for-sale equity securities included in other
investments are summarized as follows:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                  SEPTEMBER 30
                                                              ---------------------
                                                               2001           2000
                                                              ------         ------
                                                              (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)
<S>                                                           <C>            <C>
Cost........................................................    $24            $20
Cumulative unrealized holding gains.........................      9              7
Foreign currency translation adjustment on foreign
  denominated securities....................................     (6)            (3)
                                                                ---            ---
Fair value..................................................    $27            $24
                                                                ===            ===
</Table>

     Dividends received from available-for-sale equity securities were $1
million, $1 million, and $2 million in 2001, 2000, and 1999, respectively.
Unrealized holding gains were credited to accumulated other comprehensive income
in stockholders' equity net of deferred taxes of $4 million and $3 million at
September 30, 2001 and 2000, respectively. Foreign currency translation
adjustments on foreign securities are included in accumulated other
comprehensive income within stockholders' equity as part of foreign currency
translation adjustments. There were no sales of available-for-sale equity
securities for the years ended September 30, 2001 and 2000. Gains related to
sales of available-for-sale equity securities were $10 million in 1999.

                                        37
<PAGE>

NOTE F  PROPERTY, PLANT & EQUIPMENT

     Property, plant and equipment is summarized as follows:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                   SEPTEMBER 30
                                                              ----------------------
                                                                2001          2000
                                                              ---------     --------
                                                              (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)
<S>                                                           <C>           <C>
Land and improvements.......................................   $    50       $   50
Buildings...................................................       299          290
Machinery and equipment.....................................     1,302        1,296
Other.......................................................        79           75
Construction in progress....................................       126           83
                                                               -------       ------
Total property, plant and equipment.........................     1,856        1,794
Less: accumulated depreciation..............................    (1,049)        (988)
                                                               -------       ------
Net property, plant and equipment...........................   $   807       $  806
                                                               =======       ======
</Table>

     Depreciation expense for continuing operations was $111 million, $116
million and $114 million for the years ended September 30, 2001, 2000 and 1999,
respectively.

NOTE G  ACCOUNTS PAYABLE & ACCRUED LIABILITIES

     Accounts payable and accrued liabilities consisted of the following:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                  SEPTEMBER 30
                                                              ---------------------
                                                               2001          2000
                                                              -------       -------
                                                              (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)
<S>                                                           <C>           <C>
Accounts payable............................................   $128          $134
Accrued employee compensation...............................     31            32
Income taxes payable........................................     --           152
Other accrued liabilities...................................     84           107
                                                               ----          ----
     Total..................................................   $243          $425
                                                               ====          ====
</Table>

                                        38
<PAGE>

NOTE H  DEBT

     Unsecured long-term debt consisted of the following:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                  SEPTEMBER 30
                                                              ---------------------
                                                               2001          2000
                                                              -------       -------
                                                              (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)
<S>                                                           <C>           <C>
Fixed Rate Notes (stated rate):
  Notes due 2002-2022, 8.0%.................................   $ 89          $ 89
  Notes due 2004-2011, 7.1%.................................     90            90
  Note due 2027, 7.3%.......................................      8            25
  Note due 2027, put option 2004, 6.6%......................      1             1
  Notes due 2005-2018, 7.0%.................................     60           100
  Guarantee of ESOP notes, due 2013, 8.3%...................     54            56
  Notes due 2001-2002, 6.0%.................................      5             9
  Other, due beginning in 2001 with various rates from 6.0%
     to 15.5%...............................................      4             5
Variable Rate Notes (end of year rate):
  Foreign term loan, due 2001, floating rate 4.7%...........     --             2
  Foreign note due 2003, variable rate 5.2%.................    138            --
                                                               ----          ----
                                                                449           377
Less: current portion of long-term debt.....................    (30)          (48)
                                                               ----          ----
     Total..................................................   $419          $329
                                                               ====          ====
</Table>

     In June 1992, Cabot filed a registration statement on Form S-3 with the
Securities and Exchange Commission covering $300 million of debt securities. In
1992, $105 million of medium-term notes were issued to refinance $105 million of
notes payable. In May of 2000, Cabot purchased $15.5 million of these medium-
term notes. The medium-term notes have a weighted-average maturity of 17 years
and a weighted-average interest rate of 8.0%.

     In February 1997, Cabot issued $90 million of medium-term notes. The notes
have a weighted-average maturity of 11 years and a weighted-average interest
rate of 7.1%.

     In October 1997, Cabot issued a total of $50 million in medium-term notes.
These notes included a $25 million note, with an interest rate of 7.3% due in
2027, and a $25 million note, with an interest rate of 6.6% due in 2027, with a
put option in 2004. In 2000, Cabot purchased $24.5 million of the 6.6% notes. In
fiscal 2001, Cabot purchased $17 million of the 7.3% notes.

     In December 1998, Cabot issued $100 million in medium-term notes. The
outstanding notes have a weighted-average maturity of 14 years and a
weighted-average interest rate of 7.0%.

     In November 1988, Cabot's Employee Stock Ownership Plan ("ESOP") borrowed
$75 million from an institutional lender in order to finance its purchase of
75,000 shares of Cabot's Series B ESOP Convertible Preferred Stock. This debt
bears interest at 8.3% per annum, and is to be repaid in equal quarterly
installments through December 31, 2013. Cabot, as guarantor, has reflected the
outstanding balance of $54 million and $56 million as a liability in the
consolidated balance sheet at September 30, 2001 and 2000, respectively. An
equal amount, representing deferred employee benefits, has been recorded as a
reduction to stockholders' equity.

     In November 2000, a Cabot subsidiary borrowed 150 million EURO (currently
$138 million) from institutional lenders. The loan is payable in EUROs, bears
interest at EURIBOR plus 0.70%, and matures in November 2003.

     In March 2000, Cabot Microelectronics borrowed $17 million from an
institutional lender. During the third quarter of fiscal 2000, Cabot
Microelectronics repaid $13.5 million of the loan. As a result of the spin-off

                                        39
<PAGE>

of Cabot Microelectronics on September 29, 2000, this loan was not consolidated
into the results of Cabot Corporation at September 30, 2000.

     During 2001, Cabot entered into a $250 million revolving credit loan
facility at floating rates, replacing a $300 million revolving credit and term
loan facility. The agreement contains specific covenants, including certain
maximum indebtedness limitations and minimum cash flow requirements, that would
limit the amount available for future borrowings. Commitment fees are paid based
on the used and unused portions of the facility. The facility is available
through July 13, 2006. No amounts were outstanding under either revolving credit
facility at September 30, 2001 or 2000.

     In September 1998, Cabot filed a shelf registration statement on Form S-3
with the Securities and Exchange Commission covering $500 million of debt
securities. This registration includes the remaining $55 million not then issued
under the 1992 registration. At September 30, 2001 and 2000, there were no
borrowings outstanding under this registration.

     The aggregate principal amounts of long-term debt due in each of the five
fiscal years 2002 through 2006 and thereafter are $30 million, $143 million, $40
million, $3 million, $34 million and $199 million, respectively.

     At September 30, 2001 and 2000, the fair market value of long-term
borrowings was approximately $306 million and $290 million, respectively.

     The weighted-average interest rate on short-term borrowing of $13 million
and $20 million was approximately 6.5% and 9.1% as of September 30, 2001 and
2000, respectively.

NOTE I  EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS

     Cabot provides both defined benefit and defined contribution plans for its
employees. Defined benefit pension plans include, the Cabot Cash Balance Plan
("CBP") and several foreign pension plans. Through December 31, 2000, defined
contribution plans included the Cabot Retirement Incentive Savings Plan
("CRISP"), Cabot Employee Savings Plan ("CESP"), and the Cabot Employee Stock
Ownership Plan ("ESOP"). Effective December 31, 2000, the CRISP and CESP merged
into and with the ESOP. The combined plan was renamed the Cabot Retirement
Savings Plan ("RSP"). The RSP plan provisions are consistent with the original
CRISP, CESP and ESOP plans.

  DEFINED CONTRIBUTION PLANS

     In September 1988, Cabot established an Employee Stock Ownership Plan
("ESOP"), a defined contribution plan, as an integral part of the retirement
program that was designed for participants to share in the growth of Cabot. All
employees of Cabot and its participating subsidiaries, except those individuals
subject to collective bargaining agreements and employed by the Performance
Materials segment, are eligible to participate beginning on the later of the
first day of employment or the date the employee is included in an employee
group that participates in the plan.

     In November 1988, Cabot placed 75,336 shares of its Series B ESOP
Convertible Preferred Stock in the ESOP for cash at a price of $1,000 per share.
Each share of the Series B ESOP Convertible Preferred Stock was convertible into
87.5 shares of Cabot's common stock, subject to certain events and anti-dilution
adjustment provisions, and carries voting rights on an "as converted" basis. As
a result of the Cabot Microelectronics dividend (Note C) that was distributed to
the holders of Cabot common stock, on September 29, 2000, the conversion rate of
the Series B ESOP Convertible Preferred Stock was adjusted from 87.5 to 146.4
shares of Cabot's common stock. The trustee for the ESOP has the right to cause
Cabot to redeem shares sufficient to provide for periodic distributions to plan
participants. Cabot has the option to redeem the shares for $1,000 per share,
convert the shares to common stock, or a combination thereof.

     The issued shares of Series B ESOP Convertible Preferred Stock receive
preferential and cumulative quarterly dividends, and are ranked as to dividends
and liquidation prior to Cabot's Series A Junior

                                        40
<PAGE>

Participating Preferred Stock and common stock. At September 30, 2001, 9 million
shares of Cabot's common stock were reserved for conversion of the Series B ESOP
Convertible Preferred Stock.

     On the last business day of each calendar quarter, 750 shares of the Series
B ESOP Convertible Preferred Stock are released and allocated to participants'
accounts. The allocation to each participant is based on the value of Cabot's
preferred stock, the number of shares allocated as dividends, and the total
eligible compensation. Effective January 1, 1997, the participant's respective
contribution allocation cannot fall below 4% of the participant's eligible
compensation. If the amount of the participant allocation were to fall below 4%,
Cabot would make an additional contribution to bring the total value to 4% for
the participant. The allocation is made to the account of each participant who
is employed on that date, or has retired, died, or become totally and
permanently disabled during the quarter.

     In accordance with the plan document as amended, in March 2001, the number
of shares of preferred stock, which are released for allocation to participants'
accounts changed to 742.6 shares. Also in March 2001, the RSP received a cash
contribution from Cabot totaling $2 million. The cash contribution was used to
purchase Cabot common stock.

     In October 1976, Cabot established the CRISP plan to allow nonunion
eligible employees to participate in the profits of Cabot, to encourage
long-term systematic savings, and to provide funds for retirement or possible
earlier needs. The plan is designed to qualify under section 401(k) of the
Internal Revenue Code of the United States. Cabot's contribution is in the form
of a matching contribution equivalent to 75% of a participant's eligible
before-tax and after-tax contribution up to 7.5% of the participant's eligible
compensation and is made on a quarterly basis.

     In January 1987, Cabot established the CESP plan to encourage long-term
systematic savings, and to provide funds for retirement or possible earlier
needs. The plan is designed to qualify under section 401(k) of the Internal
Revenue Code of the United States. Only members of designated collective
bargaining units are eligible to participate in the plan. Although the plan
allows for discretionary contributions from Cabot, the provisions of the CESP do
not include minimum funding or matching requirements from Cabot.

     Cabot recognized expenses related to defined contribution plans in the
amounts of $2 million in 2001, $6 million in 2000, and $7 million in 1999.

  DEFINED BENEFIT PENSION PLANS

     The worldwide defined benefit pension plan assets are comprised principally
of investments in equity securities and government bonds. Included in plan
assets at September 30, 2001 and 2000 are $7 million and $7 million,
respectively, of insurance contracts.

     Measurement of defined benefit pension expense is based on assumptions used
to value the defined benefit pension liability at the beginning of the year.

     In fiscal 2000, certain amendments were made to the Cabot plans to provide
for special termination benefits for the employees of Cabot Microelectronics
Corporation and Cabot Liquefied Natural Gas. In fiscal 2001, certain amendments
were made to the postretirement benefit plan to change eligibility requirements.

                                        41
<PAGE>

     The following provides a reconciliation of benefit obligations, plan
assets, the funded status, and weighted-average assumptions of the defined
benefit pension and postretirement benefit plans:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                                    POSTRETIREMENT
                                                              PENSION BENEFITS         BENEFITS
                                                              -----------------     ---------------
                                                                          SEPTEMBER 30
                                                              -------------------------------------
                                                               2001       2000      2001      2000
                                                              ------     ------     -----     -----
                                                                      (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)
<S>                                                           <C>        <C>        <C>       <C>
CHANGE IN BENEFIT OBLIGATION:
  Benefit obligation at beginning of year...................   $211       $221      $ 92      $ 90
  Service cost..............................................      8          6         1         1
  Interest cost.............................................     14         13         6         6
  Plan participants' contribution...........................     --         --         1        --
  Amendments................................................     --          7        (3)       --
  Foreign currency exchange rate changes....................      1        (18)       --        --
  Gain (loss) from changes in actuarial assumptions.........     15         (1)        5        --
  Special termination benefit...............................     --          1        --        --
  Benefits paid.............................................    (16)       (18)       (7)       (5)
                                                               ----       ----      ----      ----
  Benefit obligation at end of year.........................   $233       $211      $ 95      $ 92
                                                               ====       ====      ====      ====
CHANGE IN PLAN ASSETS:
  Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year............   $281       $263      $ --      $ --
  Actual return on plan assets..............................    (14)        51        --        --
  Employer contribution.....................................      4          4         6         5
  Plan participants' contribution...........................     --         --         1        --
  Foreign currency exchange rate changes....................      1        (19)       --        --
  Benefits paid.............................................    (16)       (18)       (7)       (5)
                                                               ----       ----      ----      ----
  Fair value of plan assets at end of year..................   $256       $281      $ --      $ --
                                                               ====       ====      ====      ====
Funded status...............................................   $ 23       $ 70      $(95)     $(92)
Unrecognized transition amount..............................     (2)        (1)       --        --
Unrecognized prior service cost.............................      6          6        (2)       (3)
Unrecognized net (gain) loss................................    (34)       (81)       19        17
                                                               ----       ----      ----      ----
Recognized liability........................................   $ (7)      $ (6)     $(78)     $(78)
                                                               ====       ====      ====      ====
AMOUNTS RECOGNIZED IN THE CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
  CONSIST OF:
  Prepaid benefit cost......................................   $ 14       $ 17      $ --      $ --
  Accrued benefit liabilities...............................    (21)       (23)      (78)      (78)
                                                               ----       ----      ----      ----
  Net amount recognized.....................................   $ (7)      $ (6)     $(78)     $(78)
                                                               ====       ====      ====      ====
WEIGHTED-AVERAGE RATES:
  Assumptions as of September 30
  Discount rate.............................................    6.4%       6.6%      6.8%      7.3%
  Expected rate of return on plan assets....................    8.4%       8.4%      N/A       N/A
  Assumed rate of increase in compensation..................    4.3%       4.3%      N/A       N/A
  Assumed annual rate of increase in health care benefits...    N/A        N/A       6.3%      6.5%
</Table>

     Net periodic defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit costs
include the following components:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                               PENSION BENEFITS      POSTRETIREMENT BENEFITS
                                             ---------------------   ------------------------
                                                         YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30
                                             ------------------------------------------------
                                             2001    2000    1999     2001     2000     1999
                                             -----   -----   -----   ------   ------   ------
                                                          (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)
<S>                                          <C>     <C>     <C>     <C>      <C>      <C>
Service cost...............................  $   8   $   6   $   7   $   1    $   1    $   1
Interest cost..............................     14      13      13       6        6        6
Expected return on plan assets.............    (19)    (14)    (16)     --       --       --
Amortization of transition asset...........     (1)     (1)     (1)     --       --       --
</Table>

                                        42
<PAGE>

<Table>
<Caption>
                                               PENSION BENEFITS      POSTRETIREMENT BENEFITS
                                             ---------------------   ------------------------
                                                         YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30
                                             ------------------------------------------------
                                             2001    2000    1999     2001     2000     1999
                                             -----   -----   -----   ------   ------   ------
                                                          (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)
<S>                                          <C>     <C>     <C>     <C>      <C>      <C>
Recognized losses (gains)..................     (3)     (2)      1       1        1        1
Settlement gain............................     --      --      --      (3)      --       --
                                             -----   -----   -----   -----    -----    -----
Net periodic benefit cost..................  $  (1)  $   2   $   4   $   5    $   8    $   8
                                             =====   =====   =====   =====    =====    =====
</Table>

  POSTRETIREMENT BENEFIT PLANS

     Cabot also has postretirement benefit plans that provide certain health
care and life insurance benefits for retired employees. Substantially all U.S.
employees become eligible for these benefits if they have met certain age and
service requirements at retirement. Cabot funds the plans as claims or insurance
premiums come due.

     Postretirement benefit plans include health care and life insurance plans.
Measurement of postretirement benefit expense is based on assumptions used to
value the postretirement benefit liability at the beginning of the year. Assumed
health care trend rates have a significant effect on the amounts reported for
the health care plans. A 1-percentage-point change in the 2001 assumed health
care cost trend rate would have the following effects:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                               1-PERCENTAGE-POINT
                                                              ---------------------
                                                              INCREASE    DECREASE
                                                              ---------   ---------
                                                              (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)
<S>                                                           <C>         <C>
September 30
  Effect on total of service and interest cost components...     $1          $(1)
  Effect on postretirement benefit obligation...............     $8          $(8)
</Table>

NOTE J  EQUITY INCENTIVE PLANS

     Cabot has an Equity Incentive Plan for key employees. Under the plan
adopted in 1988, Cabot was able to grant participants various types of stock and
stock-based awards. During the period from 1988 through 1991, the awards granted
consisted of stock options, performance appreciation rights ("PARs"), and tandem
units that may be exercised as stock options or PARs. These awards were granted
at the fair market value of Cabot's common stock at date of grant, vested
ratably on each of the next four anniversaries of the award, and generally
expire ten years from the date of grant. From 1992 through 1995, awards
consisted of Cabot common stock, which employees could elect to receive in the
form of restricted stock purchased at a price equal to 50% of the fair market
value on the date of the award, nonqualified stock options at fair market value
of Cabot's common stock on the date of the award, or a combination of one-half
of each. Effective in March 1996, no new awards were permitted under this plan.

     In December 1995, the Board of Directors adopted, and in March 1996, Cabot
stockholders approved, the 1996 Equity Incentive Plan. Under this plan, Cabot
can make various types of stock and stock-based awards, the terms of which are
determined by Cabot's Compensation Committee. Awards under the 1996 plan have
been made primarily as part of Cabot's Long-Term Incentive Program. These awards
consist of restricted stock, which could be purchased at a price equal to 40% of
the fair market value on the date of the award, or nonqualified stock options
exercisable at the fair market value of Cabot's common stock on the date of the
award. Variations of the restricted stock awards were made to international
employees in order to try to provide results comparable to U.S. employees. The
awards generally vest on the third anniversary of the grant for participants
then employed by Cabot, and the options generally expire five years from the
date of grant. In November 1998, the Board of Directors adopted, and in March
1999, Cabot stockholders approved, the 1999 Equity Incentive Plan. This plan is
similar to the 1996 Equity Incentive Plan with the exception of the discount
price, which was established at a price equal to 30% of the fair market value on
the date of the award.

     Cabot had 6 million shares of common stock reserved for issuance under the
1996 and 1999 plans. There were approximately 1 million shares available for
future grants at September 30, 2001, under both plans. Compensation expense
recognized during 2001, 2000, and 1999 for restricted stock grants was $26
million,

                                        43
<PAGE>

$17 million, and $12 million, respectively. Compensation expense for 2001
includes $4 million to accelerate the vesting of restricted stock grants and
stock options held by Cabot's former Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer. The $4 million charge is included in special items on the consolidated
statement of income. The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors voted
on July 14, 2000 to accelerate the vesting of both the restricted stock grants
and the stock options held by employees of Cabot Microelectronics and Cabot
Liquefied Natural Gas. As a result, the compensation charge for fiscal 2000
includes a $2 million charge related to the accelerated vesting of those
restricted stock grants, which has been included in discontinued operations.

  RESTRICTED STOCK

     The following table summarizes the plans' restricted stock activity from
September 30, 1998 through September 30, 2001:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                           WEIGHTED-
                                                                            AVERAGE
                                                              RESTRICTED   PURCHASE
                                                                STOCK        PRICE
                                                              ----------   ---------
                                                              (SHARES IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                           <C>          <C>
Outstanding at September 30, 1998...........................     2,501      $16.27
Granted.....................................................     1,034        9.19
Vested......................................................      (733)      11.48
Canceled....................................................      (135)       9.60
                                                                ------
Outstanding at September 30, 1999...........................     2,667      $11.08
Granted.....................................................     1,497        8.85
Vested......................................................      (875)      12.43
Canceled....................................................      (217)      10.75
                                                                ------
Outstanding at September 30, 2000...........................     3,072      $11.35
Granted.....................................................     1,169       12.64
Vested......................................................    (1,204)      13.60
Canceled....................................................      (113)      13.80
                                                                ------
Outstanding at September 30, 2001...........................     2,924      $10.96
                                                                ======
</Table>

  STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION

     The following table summarizes the plans' restricted stock activity from
September 30, 1998 through September 30, 2001:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                           WEIGHTED-
                                                                            AVERAGE
                                                               STOCK       EXERCISE
                                                              OPTIONS        PRICE
                                                              -------      ---------
                                                              (OPTIONS IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                           <C>          <C>
Outstanding at September 30, 1998...........................   1,322        $16.26
Granted.....................................................     582         27.00
Exercised...................................................    (209)         9.73
Canceled....................................................     (50)        27.96
                                                               -----
Outstanding at September 30, 1999...........................   1,645        $20.53
Granted.....................................................     435         24.44
Exercised...................................................    (685)        10.98
Canceled....................................................    (179)        27.41
Adjustment due to Cabot Microelectronics spin-off...........     910
                                                               -----
</Table>

                                        44
<PAGE>

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                           WEIGHTED-
                                                                            AVERAGE
                                                               STOCK       EXERCISE
                                                              OPTIONS        PRICE
                                                              -------      ---------
                                                              (OPTIONS IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                                                           <C>          <C>
Outstanding at September 30, 2000...........................   2,126        $15.07
Granted.....................................................     284         34.87
Exercised...................................................    (437)        12.46
Canceled....................................................    (117)        15.70
                                                               -----
Outstanding at September 30, 2001...........................   1,856        $18.67
                                                               =====
</Table>

     Options outstanding at September 30, 2001, were as follows:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                           OPTIONS OUTSTANDING              OPTIONS EXERCISABLE
                                   ------------------------------------   -----------------------
                                                    WEIGHTED-AVERAGE
                                                 ----------------------
                                                             REMAINING                  WEIGHTED-
                                    THOUSANDS               CONTRACTUAL    THOUSANDS     AVERAGE
                                   OF OPTIONS    EXERCISE      LIFE       OF OPTIONS    EXERCISE
RANGE OF EXERCISE PRICE            OUTSTANDING    PRICE       (YEARS)     EXERCISABLE     PRICE
-----------------------            -----------   --------   -----------   -----------   ---------
<S>                                <C>           <C>        <C>           <C>           <C>
10.83-13.70......................       149       $11.07       3.75            12        $13.70
15.50-15.57......................     1,199       $15.53       3.39            --            --
20.27-34.87......................       508       $28.31       3.65           228        $20.27
                                      -----                                   ---
Total Options....................     1,856                                   240
                                      =====                                   ===
</Table>

     Due to the fiscal 2000 spin-off of Cabot Microelectronics, Cabot adjusted
the exercise price and number of options outstanding at September 30, 2000 to
maintain the same intrinsic value as prior to the spin-off. The estimated
weighted-average fair value of the options granted during fiscal 2001, 2000 and
1999 were $7.06, $7.06 and $8.24, respectively, on the date of grant using the
Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following weighted-average
assumptions:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                             YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30
                                                            ---------------------------
                                                             2001      2000      1999
                                                            -------   -------   -------
<S>                                                         <C>       <C>       <C>
Expected stock price volatility...........................       49%       39%       35%
Risk free interest rate...................................      4.5%      6.5%      5.4%
Expected life of options..................................  3 years   4 years   4 years
Expected annual dividends.................................    $0.48     $0.44     $0.44
</Table>

     If the fair value method prescribed by FAS No. 123 had been used, Cabot's
pro forma net income and pro forma net income per common share for fiscal 2001,
2000 and 1999 would have been as follows:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                              YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30
                                                              ------------------------
                                                               2001     2000     1999
                                                              ------   ------   ------
<S>                                                           <C>      <C>      <C>
Net income -- pro forma (in millions).......................  $ 122    $ 451    $  96
Net income per common share -- pro forma:
  Basic.....................................................  $1.91    $7.00    $1.45
  Diluted...................................................  $1.63    $6.18    $1.29
</Table>

     The effects of applying the fair value method in this pro forma disclosure
are not indicative of future amounts. The fair value method does not apply to
awards prior to 1995 and additional awards in future years are anticipated.

                                        45
<PAGE>

NOTE K  STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

     The following table summarizes Cabot's stock activity:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30
                                                            --------------------------------
                                                             2001         2000         1999
                                                            ------       ------       ------
                                                            (PREFERRED SHARES IN THOUSANDS)
                                                              (COMMON SHARES IN MILLIONS)
<S>                                                         <C>          <C>          <C>
Preferred Stock
  Beginning of year.......................................    75           75           75
                                                              --           --           --
     End of year..........................................    75           75           75
                                                              ==           ==           ==
Preferred Treasury Stock
  Beginning of year.......................................    13           10            9
  Purchased preferred treasury stock......................     3            3            1
                                                              --           --           --
     End of year..........................................    16           13           10
                                                              ==           ==           ==
Common Stock
  Beginning of year.......................................    68           67           67
  Issued common stock.....................................     2            3            2
  Purchased and retired common stock......................    (7)          (2)          (2)
                                                              --           --           --
     End of year..........................................    63           68           67
                                                              ==           ==           ==
</Table>

     In May 2001, 2000, and 1999, Cabot adopted a stock purchase assistance plan
whereby Cabot may extend credit to purchase restricted shares of Cabot
Corporation common stock awarded under Cabot's 1999 Equity Incentive Plans to
those participants in Cabot's 2001, 2000 and 1999 Long-Term Incentive Programs.
These full recourse notes bear interest at 6% per annum on a principal amount of
up to 30% of the aggregate fair market value of such purchased stock on the day
of grant. Interest is payable quarterly and principal is due on various dates
through May 2004. On June 30, 1999, Cabot purchased, from a financial
institution, loans to Cabot employees totaling $18 million. These loans were
made to help finance the purchase of restricted shares of Cabot Corporation
common stock under Cabot's Long-Term Incentive Program.

     In September 2000, the Board of Directors authorized Cabot to purchase up
to 10 million shares of Cabot's common stock superseding the previous
authorization issued in January 2000. Approximately 7 million shares have been
purchased under this new authorization at November 30, 2001.

     In January 2000, the Board of Directors authorized Cabot to purchase up to
4 million shares of Cabot's common stock, superseding the previous authorization
issued in September 1998. Also in September, 1998, the Board of Directors
adopted a resolution to retire and restore to the status of authorized, but
unissued, both the entire balance of shares of common stock classified as common
treasury stock and all subsequent acquisitions/purchases effective September 30,
1998.

     In November 1995, Cabot declared a dividend of one Preferred Stock Purchase
Right ("Right") for each outstanding share of Cabot's common stock. Each Right
entitles the holder, upon the occurrence of certain specified events, to
purchase from Cabot one one-hundredth of a share of Series A Junior
Participating Preferred Stock at a purchase price of $200 per share. The Right
further provides that each Right will entitle the holder, upon the occurrence of
certain other specified events, to purchase from Cabot its common stock having a
value of twice the exercise price of the Right, and upon the occurrence of
certain other specified events, to purchase from another person into which Cabot
was merged or which acquired 50% or more of Cabot's assets or earnings power,
common stock of such other person having a value of twice the exercise price of
the Right. The Right may generally be redeemed by Cabot at a price of $0.01 per
Right. The Rights are not presently exercisable and will expire on November 10,
2005.

                                        46
<PAGE>

  COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

     The pre-tax, tax, and after-tax effects of the components of other
comprehensive income are shown below:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                              YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30
                                                              -------------------------
                                                              PRE-TAX   TAX   AFTER-TAX
                                                              -------   ---   ---------
                                                                (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)
<S>                                                           <C>       <C>   <C>
1999
Foreign currency translation adjustments....................   $(17)    $--     $(17)
Unrealized gain on marketable equity securities:
  Unrealized holding loss arising during the period.........    (10)     3        (7)
  Less: reclassification adjustment for gain realized in net
     income.................................................    (11)     4        (7)
                                                               ----     --      ----
  Change in unrealized gain.................................    (21)     7       (14)
                                                               ----     --      ----
Other comprehensive income (loss)...........................   $(38)    $7      $(31)
                                                               ====     ==      ====
2000
Foreign currency translation adjustments....................   $(58)    $--     $(58)
Unrealized holding gain arising during the period...........      1     --         1
                                                               ----     --      ----
Other comprehensive income (loss)...........................   $(57)    $--     $(57)
                                                               ====     ==      ====
2001
Foreign currency translation adjustments....................   $(26)    $--     $(26)
Unrealized holding gain arising during the period...........      2     --         2
                                                               ----     --      ----
Other comprehensive income (loss)...........................   $(24)    $--     $(24)
                                                               ====     ==      ====
</Table>

     The balance of related after-tax components comprising accumulated other
comprehensive income (loss) are summarized below:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                   SEPTEMBER 30
                                                              -----------------------
                                                               2001     2000    1999
                                                              ------   ------   -----
                                                               (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)
<S>                                                           <C>      <C>      <C>
Foreign currency translation adjustments....................  $(131)   $(105)   $(47)
Unrealized holding gain on marketable equity securities.....      6        4       3
                                                              -----    -----    ----
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)...............  $(125)   $(101)   $(44)
                                                              =====    =====    ====
</Table>

NOTE L  EARNINGS PER SHARE

     Basic and diluted earnings per share ("EPS") were calculated as follows:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                               YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30
                                                              ---------------------------
                                                               2001      2000      1999
                                                              -------   -------   -------
                                                              (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS EXCEPT
                                                                  PER SHARE AMOUNTS)
<S>                                                           <C>       <C>       <C>
BASIC EPS:
  Income available to common shares (numerator).............   $ 121     $ 450     $  94
                                                               =====     =====     =====
  Weighted-average common shares outstanding................      65        67        67
  Less: contingently issuable shares(a).....................      (3)       (3)       (3)
                                                               -----     -----     -----
  Adjusted weighted-average shares (denominator)............      62        64        64
                                                               =====     =====     =====
  Basic EPS.................................................   $1.94     $7.04     $1.47
                                                               =====     =====     =====
</Table>

                                        47
<PAGE>

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                               YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30
                                                              ---------------------------
                                                               2001      2000      1999
                                                              -------   -------   -------
                                                              (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS EXCEPT
                                                                  PER SHARE AMOUNTS)
<S>                                                           <C>       <C>       <C>
DILUTED EPS:
  Income available to common shares.........................   $ 121     $ 450     $  94
  Dividends on preferred stock..............................       3         3         3
  Less: income impact of assumed conversion of preferred
     stock..................................................      --        (2)       (2)
                                                               -----     -----     -----
  Income available to common shares plus assumed conversions
     (numerator)............................................   $ 124     $ 451     $  95
                                                               =====     =====     =====
  Weighted-average common shares outstanding................      65        67        67
  Effect of dilutive securities:
     Conversion of Preferred Stock..........................       9         6         6
     Conversion of incentive stock options(b)...............      --        --        --
                                                               -----     -----     -----
  Adjusted weighted-average shares (denominator)............      74        73        73
                                                               =====     =====     =====
  Diluted EPS...............................................   $1.66     $6.20     $1.31
                                                               =====     =====     =====
</Table>

---------------

(a) Represents restricted stock issued under Cabot Equity Incentive Plans.

(b) Options to purchase 2 million shares of common stock with a weighted-average
    exercise price of $16.61 were outstanding at September 30, 2000, but were
    not included in the computation of diluted EPS, because the options'
    exercise price was greater than the average market price of the common
    shares, adjusted for the spin-off of Cabot Microelectronics Corporation. At
    September 30, 2001, the average fair value of Cabot's stock price exceeded
    the exercise price of all options outstanding. As such, all options
    outstanding have been included in the calculation of diluted earnings per
    share.

NOTE M  INCOME TAXES

     Income before income taxes was as follows:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                              YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30
                                                              ------------------------
                                                               2001     2000     1999
                                                              ------   ------   ------
                                                               (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)
<S>                                                           <C>      <C>      <C>
Income from continuing operations:
  Domestic..................................................   $ 66     $ 54     $ 18
  Foreign...................................................     84      103       95
                                                               ----     ----     ----
                                                                150      157      113
                                                               ----     ----     ----
Discontinued Operations:
  Income from operations of discontinued businesses.........     --       62       23
  Gain on sale of business..................................      5      487       --
                                                               ----     ----     ----
                                                                  5      549       23
                                                               ----     ----     ----
     Total..................................................   $155     $706     $136
                                                               ====     ====     ====
</Table>

                                        48
<PAGE>

     Taxes on income consisted of the following:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                               YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30
                                                              --------------------------
                                                               2001      2000      1999
                                                              ------    ------    ------
                                                                (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)
<S>                                                           <C>       <C>       <C>
U.S. federal and state:
  Current...................................................    $17      $ (3)      $ 5
  Deferred..................................................     (2)       16        (2)
                                                                ---      ----       ---
     Total..................................................     15        13         3
                                                                ---      ----       ---
Foreign:
  Current...................................................     29        43        39
  Deferred..................................................     (2)        1        (1)
                                                                ---      ----       ---
     Total..................................................     27        44        38
                                                                ---      ----       ---
       Total U.S. and foreign...............................     42        57        41
                                                                ---      ----       ---
Discontinued Operations:
  Income from operations of discontinued businesses.........     --        22         8
  Gain on sale of business..................................      2       178        --
                                                                ---      ----       ---
       Total Discontinued Operations........................      2       200         8
                                                                ---      ----       ---
     Total..................................................    $44      $257       $49
                                                                ===      ====       ===
</Table>

     The provision for income taxes at Cabot's effective tax rate differed from
the provision for income taxes at the statutory rate as follows:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                               YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30
                                                              --------------------------
                                                               2001      2000      1999
                                                              ------    ------    ------
                                                                (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)
<S>                                                           <C>       <C>       <C>
Continuing Operations:
  Computed tax expense at the federal statutory rate........    $53      $ 55       $40
  Foreign income:
     Impact of taxation at different rates, repatriation and
       other................................................    (13)        2         3
     Impact of foreign losses for which a current tax
       benefit is not available.............................      1         1         4
  State taxes, net of federal effect........................      2        --        --
  Foreign sales corporation.................................     (2)       (1)       (2)
  U.S. and state benefits from research and experimentation
     activities.............................................     (1)       (1)       (2)
  Other, net................................................      2         1        (2)
                                                                ---      ----       ---
       Total Continuing Operations..........................     42        57        41
                                                                ---      ----       ---
Discontinued Operations:
  Income from operations of discontinued businesses.........     --        22         8
  Gain on sale of businesses................................      2       178        --
                                                                ---      ----       ---
       Total Discontinued Operations........................      2       200         8
                                                                ---      ----       ---
       Provision for income taxes...........................    $44      $257       $49
                                                                ===      ====       ===
</Table>

                                        49
<PAGE>

     Significant components of deferred income taxes were as follows:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                  SEPTEMBER 30
                                                              ---------------------
                                                               2001          2000
                                                              -------       -------
                                                              (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)
<S>                                                           <C>           <C>
Deferred tax assets:
  Depreciation and amortization.............................   $ 29          $ 30
  Pension and other benefits................................     68            56
  Environmental matters.....................................     11            13
  Special charges...........................................      5             7
  Investments...............................................     11            11
  State and local taxes.....................................     --             3
  Net operating loss and other tax carryforwards............     17            17
  Other.....................................................     26            26
                                                               ----          ----
     Subtotal...............................................    167           163
  Valuation allowances......................................    (11)          (10)
                                                               ----          ----
     Total deferred tax assets..............................   $156          $153
                                                               ====          ====
Deferred tax liabilities:
  Depreciation and amortization.............................   $ 86          $ 76
  Pension and other benefits................................     16            14
  Special charges...........................................      3             4
  Investments...............................................      1             1
  State and local taxes.....................................      1            --
  Other.....................................................    127           130
                                                               ----          ----
     Total deferred tax liabilities.........................   $234          $225
                                                               ====          ====
</Table>

     The valuation allowance at September 30, 2001 and 2000 represents
management's best estimate of the ultimate realization of the net deferred tax
amounts. The deferred tax valuation allowance increased in 2001 by $1 million
due to the uncertainty of the ultimate realization of certain future foreign tax
benefits and net operating losses reflected as deferred tax assets.

     Approximately $62 million of net operating losses and other tax
carryforwards remain at September 30, 2001. Of this amount, $30 million will
expire in the years 2002 through 2008; $32 million can be carried forward
indefinitely. The benefits of these carryforwards are dependent upon taxable
income during the carryforward period in those foreign jurisdictions where they
arose. Accordingly, a valuation allowance has been provided where management has
determined that it is more likely than not that the carryforwards will not be
utilized.

     Provisions have not been made for U.S. income taxes or foreign withholding
taxes on approximately $130 million of undistributed earnings of foreign
subsidiaries, as these earnings are considered indefinitely reinvested. These
earnings could become subject to U.S. income taxes and foreign withholding taxes
(subject to a reduction for foreign tax credits) if they were remitted as
dividends, were loaned to Cabot or a U.S. subsidiary, or if Cabot should sell
its stock in the subsidiaries. However, Cabot believes that U.S. foreign tax
credits would largely eliminate any U.S. income tax on these earnings.

                                        50
<PAGE>

NOTE N  SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION

     Cash payments for interest and taxes were as follows:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                               YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30
                                                              --------------------------
                                                               2001      2000      1999
                                                              ------    ------    ------
                                                                (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)
<S>                                                           <C>       <C>       <C>
Income taxes paid...........................................   $197       $50       $59
Interest paid...............................................   $ 21       $38       $36
</Table>

     Cabot issued restricted stock for notes receivable of $11 million, $10
million and $8 million in 2001, 2000 and 1999, respectively.

     During 2000, Cabot acquired the remaining 50% interest in a joint venture,
previously accounted for under the equity method of accounting. Upon purchase of
the additional interest, the value of the investment was allocated to the
respective net assets. Also in 2000, Cabot spun-off its remaining equity
interest in Cabot Microelectronics by distributing a special dividend to
shareholders.

     During 1999, Cabot made a charitable contribution of equity securities
worth $1 million.

NOTE O  COMMITMENTS & CONTINGENCIES

  LEASE COMMITMENTS

     Cabot leases certain transportation vehicles, warehouse facilities, office
space, machinery, and equipment under operating cancelable and non-cancelable
leases, most of which expire within ten years and may be renewed by Cabot. Rent
expense under such arrangements for 2001, 2000, and 1999 totaled $11 million,
$12 million and $14 million, respectively. Future minimum rental commitments
under non-cancelable leases are as follows:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                              DOLLARS IN
                                                               MILLIONS
                                                              ----------
<S>                                                           <C>
2002........................................................     $ 9
2003........................................................       8
2004........................................................       8
2005........................................................       8
2006........................................................       7
2007 and thereafter.........................................      29
                                                                 ---
Total future minimum rental commitments.....................     $69
                                                                 ===
</Table>

  OTHER LONG-TERM COMMITMENTS

     Cabot has entered into long-term purchase agreements for various key raw
materials in the performance materials business. The purchase commitments
covered by these agreements aggregate approximately $287 million for the periods
2002 to 2005.

     During 2001, Cabot entered into long-term supply agreements ranging from
three to five years, with certain performance material customers. The contracts
provide such customers with agreed upon amounts of product at agreed upon
prices.

     During 1995, Cabot entered into long-term supply agreements of more than
six years with certain North American tire customers. The contracts are designed
to provide such customers with agreed-upon amounts of carbon black at prices
based on an agreed-upon formula.

  CONTINGENCIES

     Cabot is a defendant, or potentially responsible party, in various lawsuits
and environmental proceedings wherein substantial amounts are claimed or at
issue.
                                        51
<PAGE>

     The Company has exposure to a safety respiratory products business that it
acquired in April 1990. It disposed of that business in July 1995. In connection
with its acquisition of the business, the Company agreed with the seller,
American Optical Corporation, and another former owner of the business to share
responsibility for legal costs, including settlements and judgments, in
connection with a number of lawsuits and claims relating to the respirators.
These lawsuits and claims typically involve allegations that the plaintiffs
suffer from asbestosis or silicosis as a result, in part, from respirators that
were negligently designed or labeled. It is management's opinion, that these
judgments or suits should not result in final judgments or settlements that
would have a material effect on Cabot's financial condition or results of
operations.

     As of September 30, 2001 and 2000, Cabot had approximately $30 million and
$38 million, respectively, reserved for environmental matters primarily related
to divested businesses. The amount represents Cabot's current best estimate of
its share of costs likely to be incurred at those sites where costs are
reasonably estimable based on its analysis of the extent of cleanup required,
alternative cleanup methods available, abilities of other responsible parties to
contribute, and its interpretation of applicable laws and regulations applicable
to each site. Cabot reviews the adequacy of this reserve as circumstances change
at individual sites. Cabot is unable to reasonably estimate the amount of
possible loss in excess of the accrued amount. Operating results included
charges for environmental expense of $1 million in 2001, $3 million in 2000 and
$4 million in 1999.

     In the opinion of Cabot, although final disposition of these suits and
claims may impact Cabot's financial statements in a particular period, they will
not, in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on Cabot's financial
position.

NOTE P  RISK MANAGEMENT

  MARKET RISK

     Cabot's principal risk management objective is to identify and monitor its
exposure to changes in interest rates, foreign currency rates, commodity prices
and Cabot's share price, in order to assess the impact that changes in each
could have on future cash flow and earnings. Cabot manages these risks through
normal operating and financial activities and, when deemed appropriate, through
the use of derivative financial instruments. Gains or losses associated with
financial instruments are generally offset by the changes in value of the
underlying transaction. Market risk exposure to other financial instruments is
not material to earnings, cash flow, or fair values.

     Cabot's risk management policy prohibits entering into financial
instruments for speculative purposes. All instruments entered into by Cabot are
reviewed and approved by Cabot's Risk Management Committee, which is charged
with enforcing Cabot's risk management policy.

  INTEREST RATES

     Cabot's objective in managing its exposure to interest rate changes is to
maintain an appropriate balance of fixed and variable rate debt and to match
borrowing costs with the economics of Cabot's business cycles. Cabot may use
interest rate swaps to adjust fixed and variable rate debt positions. Cabot did
not enter into financial instruments to hedge interest rates during 2001 or
2000. Cabot settled its remaining interest rate swaps in January 2000. For 2000
and 1999 the gains or losses in interest income or expense associated with
interest rate swaps were immaterial.

     In October of 2001, Cabot entered into interest rate swaps in an aggregate
notional amount of $97 million in order to balance its mix of fixed and variable
rate debt. The instruments mature on various dates through February 2007.

  FOREIGN CURRENCY

     Cabot's international operations are subject to certain risks, including
currency fluctuations and government actions. Operations in each country are
closely monitored so Cabot can respond to changing economic and political
environments and to fluctuations in foreign currencies. Accordingly, Cabot
utilizes short-term forward contracts to hedge receivables and payables
denominated in currencies other than its

                                        52
<PAGE>

foreign entities' functional currencies. In 2001, none of Cabot's forward
contracts were designated as hedging instruments under FAS No. 133. Cabot
monitors its foreign exchange exposures and adjusts its hedge position
accordingly. Cabot's forward foreign exchange contracts are denominated
primarily in the EURO, Japanese yen, British pound sterling, Canadian dollar,
and Australian dollar.

     At September 30, 2001 and 2000, Cabot had $80 million and $60 million in
foreign currency instruments outstanding, respectively. For 2001, 2000 and 1999,
the net realized gain or (loss) associated with these types of instruments were
$(2) million, $3 million and $(3) million, respectively. The net unrealized
losses as of September 30, 2001 and 2000, based on the fair value of the
instruments, were not material to each respective period, and have been recorded
as expenses. Gains and losses associated with foreign exchange contracts are
classified in other charges.

  SHARE REPURCHASES

     As a regular practice, Cabot repurchases its shares in order to offset
dilution caused by issuing shares under its various employee stock plans. In
addition, Cabot may repurchase its shares as a preferred method of returning
excess cash to shareholders. From time to time, Cabot enters into derivative
instruments in its stock in order to fix the price of stock for delivery at a
future date. These agreements provide Cabot with the right to settle forward
contracts in cash or an equivalent value of Cabot Corporation common stock. In
2001 Cabot purchased 100,000 shares of its common stock under share repurchase
contracts, at an average price of $35 per share. At September 30, 2001 there
were no open share repurchase contracts.

  COMMODITIES

     Cabot is exposed to price fluctuations in certain commodities, such as
feedstock and natural gas. When it owned the LNG segment, from time to time,
Cabot entered into commodity futures contracts, commodity price swaps, and/or
option contracts to hedge a portion of firmly committed and anticipated
transactions against natural gas price fluctuations. Cabot monitored its
exposure to ensure the overall effectiveness of its hedge positions. In 2000,
Cabot realized a $1 million loss on futures contracts. In 1999, Cabot realized
gains associated with futures of $2 million and realized losses associated with
options of $2 million. At September 30, 2001 and 2000, no contracts were
outstanding.

  CONCENTRATION OF CREDIT

     Financial instruments that subject Cabot to concentrations of credit risk
consist principally of trade receivables. Tire manufacturers and customers of
the Performance Materials business comprise significant portions of Cabot's
trade receivable balance. The majority of these receivables were current at
September 30, 2001. At September 30, 2001 and 2000, Cabot had trade receivables
of approximately $88 million and $89 million, respectively, from tire
manufacturers. Cabot's exposure to credit risk associated with nonpayment by
tire manufacturers is affected by conditions or occurrences within the tire
industry.

NOTE Q  FINANCIAL INFORMATION BY SEGMENT & GEOGRAPHIC AREA

  SEGMENT INFORMATION

     During 1999, Cabot reorganized into market-focused strategic business units
("SBUs"), each having responsibility for individual global marketing strategies,
day-to-day business operations, and new product development. Under FAS No. 131,
these SBUs aggregate into three reportable segments: Chemical Businesses (which
includes carbon black, fumed metal oxides, and inkjet colorants), Performance
Materials, and Specialty Fluids. Cabot was organized into SBUs to better direct
its technical strengths and focus on key markets. Cabot's business segment
reporting under FAS No. 131 is consistent with the changes in its financial
reporting structure incorporated in Cabot's management reporting.

     The Chemical Businesses produce carbon black, fumed metal oxides and inkjet
colorants. Carbon black is a fine particle used as an agent for rubber
reinforcement, pigmentation, conductivity or UV protection. Carbon black is
produced in a wide variety of commodity and specialty grades. Some of the end
products

                                        53
<PAGE>

which use carbon black include tires, rubber hoses, roofing materials, inks,
paints, and sealants. Fumed metal oxides are ultra fine, high-purity particles
used as reinforcing, thickening, abrasive, thixotropic, suspending or
anti-caking agents. The automotive, construction, microelectronics and consumer
products industries use fumed metal oxides in their sealants, toners,
insulations, composites, and cosmetics. Inkjet colorants are high-purity black
pigment dispersions, used in inkjet printing applications.

     The Performance Materials segment produces tantalum, niobium and their
alloys for the electronic materials and refractory metals industries. Tantalum,
which accounts for the majority of this segment's sales, is produced in various
forms, including powder and wire for electronic capacitors. Tantalum, niobium
and their alloys are also produced in wrought form for non-electronic
applications, such as chemical process equipment, the production of superalloys,
and for various other industrial and aerospace applications.

     The Specialty Fluids segment produces cesium formate as a drilling and
completion fluid for use in high pressure and high temperature oil and gas well
operations. Cesium formate is a solids-free high density fluid that has a low
viscosity, permitting it to flow readily in oil and gas wells. The fluid is
resistant to high temperatures, does not damage producing reservoirs and is
readily biodegradable.

     The accounting policies of the segments are the same as those described in
the summary of "Significant Accounting Policies." Exceptions are noted as
follows and are incorporated in the tables on the following page. Revenues from
external customers for certain operating segments within the Chemical Businesses
include 100% of equity affiliate sales. Transfers of ore to Performance
Materials from Specialty Fluids are generally valued at market-based prices, and
revenues generated by these transfers are shown as segment revenues from
external customers. Segment profit is a measure used by Cabot's chief operating
decision makers to measure consolidated operating results and assess segment
performance. Cabot evaluates the performance of its segments and allocates
resources based on segment profit or loss before tax ("PBT"), including equity
in net income of affiliated companies, but excluding special items (Note B),
gains on the sale of equity securities, and foreign currency transaction gains
and losses. Costs related to divested businesses and interest expense are not
allocated to operating segments. Cash, short-term investments, investments other
than equity basis, income taxes receivable, deferred taxes, and headquarters'
assets are included in Unallocated and Other. Expenditures for additions to
long-lived assets include total equity and other investments (including
available-for-sale securities), property, plant and equipment, and intangible
assets.

     Financial information by segment was as follows:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                     CHEMICAL    PERFORMANCE   SPECIALTY   SEGMENT   UNALLOCATED    CONSOLIDATED
                                    BUSINESSES    MATERIALS     FLUIDS      TOTAL    AND OTHER(1)      TOTAL
                                    ----------   -----------   ---------   -------   ------------   ------------
                                                               (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)
<S>                                 <C>          <C>           <C>         <C>       <C>            <C>
YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30
2001
Revenues from external
  customers(2)....................    $1,335        $329          $27      $1,691        $(21)         $1,670
Depreciation and amortization.....        98          10            4         112           3             115
Equity in net income of affiliated
  companies.......................         5          15           --          20          --              20
Profit (loss) from continuing
  operations before taxes(4)......       121          78           --         199         (49)            150
Assets(5).........................     1,155         249           55       1,459         460           1,919
Investment in equity-basis
  affiliates......................        47          29           --          76          --              76
Total expenditures for additions
  to long-lived assets(6).........        87          25            3         115          18             133
</Table>

                                        54
<PAGE>

<Table>
<Caption>
                                     CHEMICAL    PERFORMANCE   SPECIALTY   SEGMENT   UNALLOCATED    CONSOLIDATED
                                    BUSINESSES    MATERIALS     FLUIDS      TOTAL    AND OTHER(1)      TOTAL
                                    ----------   -----------   ---------   -------   ------------   ------------
                                                               (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)
<S>                                 <C>          <C>           <C>         <C>       <C>            <C>
2000
Revenues from external
  customers(2)....................    $1,360        $215          $20      $1,595        $(21)         $1,574
Depreciation and
  amortization(3).................       105           9            2         116          13             129
Equity in net income of affiliated
  companies.......................         5           8           --          13          --              13
Profit (loss) from continuing
  operations before taxes(4)......       180          38           (3)        215         (58)            157
Assets(5).........................     1,168         195           47       1,410         724           2,134
Investment in equity-basis
  affiliates......................        47          27           --          74          --              74
Total expenditures for additions
  to long-lived assets(6).........        87          12            1         100          53             153
1999
Revenues from external
  customers(2)....................    $1,224        $187          $12      $1,423        $(18)         $1,405
Depreciation and
  amortization(3).................       104           8            4         116           9             125
Equity in net income of affiliated
  companies.......................         8           5           --          13          --              13
Profit (loss) from continuing
  operations before taxes(4)......       163          30           (3)        190         (77)            113
Assets(5).........................     1,244         205           50       1,499         343           1,842
Investment in equity-basis
  affiliates......................        52          20           --          72          --              72
Total expenditures for additions
  to long-lived assets(6).........       114           9            3         126          46             172
</Table>

---------------

(1) Unallocated and Other includes certain corporate items and eliminations that
    are not allocated to the operating segments.

(2) Revenues from external customers for certain operating segments include 100%
    of equity affiliate sales and transfers of materials at cost and at
    market-based prices. Unallocated and Other reflects an adjustment for these
    equity affiliate sales and interoperating segment revenues and includes
    royalties paid by equity affiliates offset by external shipping and handling
    fees:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                          2001   2000   1999
                                                          ----   ----   ----
<S>                                                       <C>    <C>    <C>
Equity affiliate sales..................................  $(63)  $(74)  $(69)
Royalties paid by equity affiliates.....................     6      6      7
Shipping and handling fees..............................    44     57     51
Interoperating segment revenues.........................    (8)   (10)    (7)
                                                          ----   ----   ----
     Total..............................................  $(21)  $(21)  $(18)
                                                          ====   ====   ====
</Table>

(3) Unallocated and Other includes depreciation and amortization for the
    discontinued segments, Cabot LNG and Cabot Microelectronics, amounting to $9
    million and $7 million for the fiscal years 2000 and 1999, respectively.

                                        55
<PAGE>

(4) Profit or loss from continuing operations before taxes for Unallocated and
    Other includes:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                          2001   2000   1999
                                                          ----   ----   ----
<S>                                                       <C>    <C>    <C>
Interest expense........................................  $(32)  $(33)  $(39)
Gain on sale of equity securities.......................    --     --     10
Corporate governance costs/other expenses, net(a).......    27     (1)    (8)
Equity in net income of affiliated companies............   (20)   (13)   (13)
Foreign currency transaction gains (losses)(b)..........    (3)    (1)    (1)
Special charges (Note B)................................   (21)   (10)   (26)
                                                          ----   ----   ----
     Total..............................................  $(49)  $(58)  $(77)
                                                          ====   ====   ====
</Table>

---------------

        (a) Corporate governance costs/other expenses, net includes costs
            previously allocated to discontinued segments reduced by investment
            income.

        (b) Net of other hedging activity.

(5) Unallocated and Other assets includes cash, short-term investments,
    investments other than equity basis, income taxes receivable, deferred
    taxes, and headquarters' assets. Also included are the assets for the
    discontinued segments, Cabot LNG and Cabot Microelectronics, amounting to
    $237 million for fiscal year 1999.

(6) Expenditures for additions to long-lived assets include total equity and
    other investments (including available-for-sale securities), property, plant
    and equipment, and intangible assets. In addition, included in Unallocated
    and Other are the expenditures for additions to long-lived assets for the
    discontinued segments, Cabot LNG and Cabot Microelectronics, amounting to
    $45 million and $39 million for the fiscal years 2000 and 1999,
    respectively.

  GEOGRAPHIC AREA INFORMATION

     Sales are attributed to the United States and to all foreign countries
based on the customer location (region of sale) and not on geographic location
from which goods were shipped (region of manufacture). Revenues from external
customers attributable to an individual country, other than the United States,
were not material for disclosure. No single country other than the United States
has material long-lived assets. No customer represented 10% or more of Cabot's
revenues.

     Revenues from external customers and long-lived asset information by
geographic area are summarized as follows:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                              UNITED   ALL FOREIGN   CONSOLIDATED
                                                              STATES    COUNTRIES       TOTAL
                                                              ------   -----------   ------------
                                                                     (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)
<S>                                                           <C>      <C>           <C>
YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30
2001
Revenues from external customers............................   $757       $913          $1,670
Long-lived assets(1)........................................    397        536             933
2000
Revenues from external customers............................   $671       $903          $1,574
Long-lived assets(1)........................................    391        537             928
1999
Revenues from external customers............................   $564       $841          $1,405
Long-lived assets(1)........................................    525        638           1,163
</Table>

---------------

(1) Long-lived assets include total equity and other investments, (including
    available-for-sale securities), net property, plant and equipment, and net
    intangible assets.

                                        56
<PAGE>

NOTE R  UNAUDITED QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION

     Unaudited financial results, by quarter for the fiscal years ended
September 30, 2001 and 2000, are summarized below and should be read in
conjunction with Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations. Certain items have been reclassified to reflect global
changes in Cabot's organization during the year. Results for fiscal 2000 reflect
Cabot Microelectronics Corporation and Cabot Liquefied Natural Gas as
discontinued operations.

<Table>
<Caption>
                                             DECEMBER   MARCH     JUNE      SEPTEMBER      YEAR
                                             --------   -----     -----     ---------     ------
                                               (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)
<S>                                          <C>        <C>       <C>       <C>           <C>
FISCAL 2001
Net sales..................................   $ 395     $458      $ 436       $ 381       $1,670
Cost of sales..............................     305      339        316         276        1,237
Net income from continuing operations......      28       28(a)      38(b)       27(c)       121
Gain on sale of discontinued business, net
  of income taxes..........................      --        3         --          --            3
Income applicable to common shares.........   $  27     $ 30      $  38       $  26       $  121
                                              =====     =====     =====       =====       ======
Income from continuing operations per
  common share (diluted)...................   $0.37     $0.36     $0.51       $0.38         1.62
Gain on sale of discontinued business per
  common share (diluted)...................      --     0.04         --          --         0.04
Income per common share (diluted)..........   $0.37     $0.40     $0.51       $0.38         1.66
                                              =====     =====     =====       =====       ======
FISCAL 2000
Net sales..................................   $ 377     $397      $ 414       $ 387       $1,574
Cost of sales..............................     268      291        311         294        1,164
Net income from continuing operations......      31       28         38(d)       11(e)       108
Net income from discontinued operations....       7       13          8           8           36
Gain on sale of discontinued business, net
  of income taxes..........................      --       --         --         309          309
Income applicable to common shares.........   $  37     $ 40      $  45       $ 328       $  450
                                              =====     =====     =====       =====       ======
Income from continuing operations per
  common share (diluted)...................   $0.41     $0.39     $0.51       $0.15       $ 1.46
Income from discontinued operations per
  common share (diluted)...................    0.09     0.18       0.11        0.11         0.49
Gain on sale of discontinued business per
  common share (diluted)...................      --       --         --        4.24         4.25
                                              -----     -----     -----       -----       ------
Income per common share (diluted)..........   $0.50     $0.57     $0.62       $4.50       $ 6.20
                                              =====     =====     =====       =====       ======
</Table>

---------------

(a) Includes a charge related to the retirement of the Chief Executive Officer.
    Included in the charge is $10 million relating to the accelerated vesting of
    shares issued under the Long Term Incentive Compensation Plan and a $7
    million cash payment.

(b) Includes a $3 million charge to accelerate the vesting of shares issued
    under the Long Term Incentive Compensation Plan and a $1 million cash payout
    related to the resignation of the Chief Financial Officer.

(c) Includes a $2 million charge related to the discontinuance of a toll
    manufacturing agreement and benefits of a $1 million insurance recovery and
    a $1 million recovery of costs related to one of the 2000 plant closings.

(d) Includes an $8 million insurance recovery.

(e) Includes an $18 million charge for the closure of two facilities, a $2
    million environmental charge, and a benefit of a $2 million insurance
    recovery.

                                        57
<PAGE>

                  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA -- FIVE YEAR SUMMARY

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                             YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30
                                                    ------------------------------------------
                                                     2001     2000     1999     1998     1997
                                                    ------   ------   ------   ------   ------
                                                         (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS, EXCEPT PER
                                                          SHARE AMOUNTS AND OTHER DATA)
<S>                                                 <C>      <C>      <C>      <C>      <C>
CONSOLIDATED INCOME
Revenues:
  Net sales and other operating revenues..........  $1,670   $1,574   $1,405   $1,443   $1,450
  Interest and dividend income....................      28        6        4        5        7
                                                    ------   ------   ------   ------   ------
     Total revenues...............................   1,698    1,580    1,409    1,448    1,457
                                                    ------   ------   ------   ------   ------
Costs and expenses:
  Cost of sales...................................   1,237    1,164      991      985    1,011
  Selling and administrative expenses.............     208      173      186      187      192
  Research and technical service..................      48       43       58       70       72
  Interest expense................................      32       33       39       36       37
  Special items(a)................................      21       10       26       85       18
  Gain on sale of assets..........................      --       --      (10)     (90)      --
  Other charges, net..............................       2       --        6       16       15
                                                    ------   ------   ------   ------   ------
     Total costs and expenses.....................   1,548    1,423    1,296    1,289    1,345
                                                    ------   ------   ------   ------   ------
Income before income taxes........................     150      157      113      159      112
Provision for income taxes........................     (42)     (57)     (41)     (57)     (40)
Equity in net income of affiliated companies......      20       13       13       17       20
Minority interest.................................      (7)      (5)      (3)      (3)      (2)
                                                    ------   ------   ------   ------   ------
Income from continuing operations.................     121      108       82      116       90
Discontinued operations:(b)
  Income from operations of discontinued
     businesses, net of income taxes..............      --       36       15        6        3
  Gain on sale of business, net of income
     taxes(c).....................................       3      309       --       --       --
                                                    ------   ------   ------   ------   ------
     Net income...................................  $  124   $  453   $   97   $  122   $   93
                                                    ------   ------   ------   ------   ------
COMMON SHARE DATA
Diluted Net Income:
  Continuing operations...........................    1.62     1.46     1.11     1.53     1.15
Discontinued operations:
  Income from operations of discontinued
     businesses...................................      --     0.49     0.20     0.08     0.04
  Gain on sale of business........................    0.04     4.25       --       --       --
                                                    ------   ------   ------   ------   ------
Net Income........................................    1.66     6.20     1.31     1.61     1.19
                                                    ------   ------   ------   ------   ------
Dividends.........................................    0.48     0.44     0.44     0.42     0.40
Stock prices(d)
  High............................................   41.35    21.97    18.05    22.31    16.72
  Low.............................................   18.56    10.55    11.37    12.48    12.56
  Close...........................................   39.90    18.19    13.63    14.31    15.46
Average diluted shares outstanding -- millions....      74       73       73       75       77
Shares outstanding at year end -- millions........      63       68       67       67       69
</Table>

                                        58
<PAGE>

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                             YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30
                                                    ------------------------------------------
                                                     2001     2000     1999     1998     1997
                                                    ------   ------   ------   ------   ------
                                                         (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS, EXCEPT PER
                                                          SHARE AMOUNTS AND OTHER DATA)
<S>                                                 <C>      <C>      <C>      <C>      <C>
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL POSITION
Total current assets..............................  $  968   $1,190   $  659   $  619   $  613
Net property, plant and equipment.................     807      806    1,024      978      922
Other assets......................................     144      138      159      208      291
                                                    ------   ------   ------   ------   ------
     Total assets.................................  $1,919   $2,134   $1,842   $1,805   $1,826
                                                    ------   ------   ------   ------   ------
Total current liabilities.........................  $  291   $  494   $  450   $  536   $  543
Long-term debt....................................     419      329      419      316      286
Other long-term liabilities and minority
  interest........................................     259      264      267      247      269
Stockholders' equity..............................     950    1,047      706      706      728
                                                    ------   ------   ------   ------   ------
     Total liabilities and stockholders' equity...  $1,919   $2,134   $1,842   $1,805   $1,826
                                                    ------   ------   ------   ------   ------
Working capital...................................  $  677   $  696   $  209   $   83   $   70
                                                    ------   ------   ------   ------   ------
SELECTED FINANCIAL RATIOS
Income from continuing operations as a percentage
  of sales........................................       7%       7%       6%       8%       6%
Return on average stockholders' equity............      12%      58%      13%      16%      12%
Net debt to capitalization ratio..................       9%     (29)%     44%      43%      43%
</Table>

---------------

(a) Special Items for 2001 include a $2 million charge related to the
    discontinuance of a toll manufacturing agreement and benefits of a $1
    million insurance recovery and a $1 million recovery of costs related to one
    of the 2000 plant closings. Additionally results include a $10 million and
    $3 million charge to accelerate the vesting of the shares under the Long
    Term Incentive Compensation Plan, and a $7 million and $1 million cash
    payment related to the retirement of the Chief Executive Officer and the
    resignation of the Chief Financial Officer, respectively. The 2000 special
    items reflect an $18 million charge for the closure of two plants, a $2
    million environmental charge, and a benefit of a $10 million insurance
    recovery. Special items in 1999 include a $26 million charge for cost
    reduction initiatives and capacity utilization and a $10 million gain from
    the sale of 1 million shares of K N Energy, Inc. Special items for 1998
    include a $60 million asset impairment charge in the Chemical Businesses, a
    $25 million write-off of a tantalum ore recovery project in the Performance
    Material segment and a $90 million gain from the sale of the 2 million
    shares of K N Energy, Inc. Special items for 1997 include an $18 million
    charge related to cost reduction programs in the Chemical Businesses and the
    Performance Materials segment.

(b) The Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG) and Cabot Microelectronics segments are
    presented as Discontinued Operations.

(c) Gain from the sale of the Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG) segment net of tax.

(d) The stock prices presented above are adjusted to reflect the fiscal 2000
    stock dividend distribution of Cabot's ownership in Cabot Microelectronics.

                                        59
<PAGE>

                       REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Cabot Corporation:

     In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and the
related consolidated statements of income, of cash flows and of changes in
stockholders' equity present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of Cabot Corporation and its subsidiaries at September 30, 2001 and
2000, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the
three years in the period ended September 30, 2001 in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. These financial
statements are the responsibility of the Company's management; our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on
our audits. We conducted our audits of these statements in accordance with
auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America, which
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit
includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and
disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall
financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

Boston, Massachusetts
October 23, 2001

                                        60
<PAGE>

ITEM 9.  CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS AND ACCOUNTING AND
FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

     None.

                                    PART III

ITEM 10.  DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

     The information required regarding the executive officers of Cabot is
included at the end of Part I in the table following Item 4 captioned "Executive
Officers of the Registrant." Certain information required regarding the
directors of Cabot is contained in the Registrant's Proxy Statement for the 2002
Annual Meeting of Stockholders ("Proxy Statement") under the heading "Certain
Information Regarding Directors." Certain information required regarding the
failure of any person subject to Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), to timely file reports required by
Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act is contained in the Proxy Statement under the
heading "Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act." All of such
information is incorporated herein by reference from the Proxy Statement.

ITEM 11.  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

     The information required is contained in the Proxy Statement under the
heading "Executive Compensation." All of such information is incorporated herein
by reference from the Proxy Statement.

ITEM 12.  SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

     The information required is contained in the Proxy Statement under the
heading "Beneficial Stock Ownership of Directors, Executive Officers and Persons
Owning More than Five Percent of Common Stock." All of such information is
incorporated herein by reference from the Proxy Statement.

ITEM 13.  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

     The information required is contained in the Proxy Statement under the
heading "Certain Relationships and Related Transactions." All of such
information is incorporated herein by reference from the Proxy Statement.

                                    PART IV

ITEM 14.  EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

     (a) Financial Statements.  The following appear in Item 8 in this annual
report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2001:

<Table>
<Caption>
                             DESCRIPTION                           PAGE
                             -----------                           ----
<S>  <C>                                                           <C>
(1)  Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2001 and
     2000........................................................   25
(2)  Consolidated Statements of Income for each of the three
     fiscal years in the period ended September 30, 2001.........   27
(3)  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for each of the three
     fiscal years in the period ended September 30, 2001.........   28
(4)  Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders'
     Equity......................................................   29
(5)  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements..................   31
(6)  Report of Independent Accountants relating to the
     Consolidated Financial Statements listed above..............   60
</Table>

     (b) Reports on Form 8-K.  No reports on Form 8-K were filed by the Company
during the quarter ended September 30, 2001.

                                        61
<PAGE>

     (c) Exhibits.  (Not included in copies of the Form 10-K sent to
stockholders.)

     The exhibit numbers in the following list correspond to the numbers
assigned to such exhibits in the Exhibit Table of Item 601 of Regulation S-K.
The Company will furnish to any stockholder, upon written request, any exhibit
listed below, upon payment by such stockholder to the Company of the Company's
reasonable expenses in furnishing such exhibit.

<Table>
<Caption>
  EXHIBIT
  NUMBER                                   DESCRIPTION
  -------                                  -----------
<S>           <C>  <C>
 3(a)          --  Certificate of Incorporation of Cabot Corporation restated
                   effective October 24, 1983, as amended February 14, 1985,
                   December 3, 1986, February 19, 1987, November 18, 1988,
                   November 24, 1995 and March 12, 1996 (incorporated herein by
                   reference to Exhibit 3(a) of Cabot's Annual Report on Form
                   10-K for the year ended September 30, 1996, file reference
                   1-5667, filed with the Commission on December 24, 1996).
 3(b)          --  The By-laws of Cabot Corporation as of January 11, 1991
                   (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3(b) of Cabot's
                   Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30,
                   1991, file reference 1-5667, filed with the Commission on
                   December 27, 1991).
 4(a)          --  Rights Agreement, dated as of November 10, 1995, between
                   Cabot Corporation and The First National Bank of Boston as
                   Rights Agent (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 1
                   of Cabot's Registration Statement on Form 8-A, file
                   reference 1-5667, filed with the Commission on November 13,
                   1995).
 4(b)(i)       --  Indenture, dated as of December 1, 1987, between Cabot
                   Corporation and The First National Bank of Boston, Trustee
                   (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4 of Amendment
                   No. 1 to Cabot's Registration Statement on Form S-3,
                   Registration No. 33-18883, filed with the Commission on
                   December 10, 1987).
 4(b)(ii)      --  First Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 17, 1992, to
                   Indenture, dated as of December 1, 1987, between Cabot
                   Corporation and The First National Bank of Boston, Trustee
                   (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of Cabot's
                   Registration Statement on Form S-3, Registration Statement
                   No. 33-48686, filed with the Commission on June 18, 1992).
 4(b)(iii)     --  Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 31, 1997,
                   between Cabot Corporation and State Street Bank and Trust
                   Company, Trustee (incorporated herein by reference to
                   Exhibit 4 of Cabot's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
                   quarterly period ended December 31, 1996, file reference
                   1-5667, filed with the Commission on February 14, 1997).
 4(b)(iv)      --  Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 20, 1998,
                   between Cabot Corporation and State Street Bank and Trust
                   Company, Trustee (incorporated herein by reference to
                   Exhibit 4.1 of Cabot's Current Report on Form 8-K, dated
                   November 20, 1998, file reference 1-5667, filed with the
                   Commission on November 20, 1998).
10(a)          --  Credit Agreement, dated as of July 13, 2001, among Cabot
                   Corporation, the banks listed therein and Fleet National
                   Bank, as Agent, filed herewith.
10(b)(i)*      --  1996 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference
                   to Exhibit 28 of Cabot's Registration Statement on Form S-8,
                   Registration No. 333-03683, filed with the Commission on May
                   14, 1996).
10(b)(ii)*     --  1999 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference
                   to Exhibit 10.1 of Cabot's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for
                   the quarterly period ended March 31, 1999, file reference
                   1-5667, filed with the Commission on May 17, 1999).
10(b)(iii)*    --  Amendments to Cabot Corporation 1996 and 1999 Equity
                   Incentive Plans, dated May 12, 2000 (incorporated herein by
                   reference to Exhibit 10 of Cabot's Quarterly Report on Form
                   10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2000, file
                   reference 1-5667, filed with the Commission on May 15,
                   2000).
10(c)          --  Note Purchase Agreement between John Hancock Mutual Life
                   Insurance Company, State Street Bank and Trust Company, as
                   trustee for the Cabot Corporation Employee Stock Ownership
                   Plan, and Cabot Corporation, dated as of November 15, 1988
                   (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(c) of Cabot's
                   Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30,
                   1988, file reference 1-5667, filed with the Commission on
                   December 29, 1988).
</Table>

                                        62
<PAGE>

<Table>
<Caption>
  EXHIBIT
  NUMBER                                   DESCRIPTION
  -------                                  -----------
<S>           <C>  <C>
10(d)(i)*      --  Supplemental Cash Balance Plan (incorporated herein by
                   reference to Exhibit 10(e)(i) of Cabot's Annual Report on
                   Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 1994, file
                   reference 1-5667, filed with the Commission on December 22,
                   1994).
10(d)(ii)*     --  Supplemental Employee Stock Ownership Plan (incorporated
                   herein by reference to Exhibit 10(e)(ii) of Cabot's Annual
                   Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 1994,
                   file reference 1-5667, filed with the Commission on December
                   22, 1994).
10(d)(iii)*    --  Supplemental Retirement Incentive Savings Plan (incorporated
                   herein by reference to Exhibit 10(e)(iii) of Cabot's Annual
                   Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 1994,
                   file reference 1-5667, filed with the Commission on December
                   22, 1994).
10(d)(iv)*     --  Supplemental Employee Benefit Agreement with John G.L. Cabot
                   (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(f) of
                   Cabot's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
                   September 30, 1987, file reference 1-5667, filed with the
                   Commission on December 28, 1987).
10(d)(v)*      --  Cabot Corporation Deferred Compensation Plan dated January
                   1, 1995 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit
                   10(e)(v) of Cabot's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
                   ended September 30, 1995, file reference 1-5667, filed with
                   the Commission on December 29, 1995).
10(d)(vi)*     --  Amendment 1997-I to Cabot Corporation Deferred Compensation
                   Plan dated June 30, 1997 (incorporated herein by reference
                   to Exhibit 10(d)(vi) of Cabot's Annual Report on Form 10-K
                   for the year ended September 30, 1997, file reference
                   1-5667, filed with the Commission on December 24, 1997).
10(e)          --  Group Annuity Contract No. GA-6121 between The Prudential
                   Insurance Company of America and State Street Bank and Trust
                   Company, dated June 28, 1991 (incorporated herein by
                   reference to Exhibit 10(h) of Cabot's Annual Report on Form
                   10-K for the year ended September 30, 1991, file reference
                   1-5667, filed with the Commission on December 27, 1991).
10(f)*         --  Non-employee Directors' Stock Compensation Plan
                   (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit A of Cabot's
                   Proxy Statement for its 1992 Annual Meeting of Stockholders,
                   file reference 1-5667, filed with the Commission on December
                   27, 1991).
10(g)(i)       --  Asset Transfer Agreement, dated as of June 13, 1995, among
                   Cabot Safety Corporation, Cabot Canada Ltd., Cabot Safety
                   Limited, Cabot Corporation, Cabot Safety Holdings
                   Corporation and Cabot Safety Acquisition Corporation
                   (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2(a) of Cabot
                   Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K, dated July 11,
                   1995, file reference 1-5667, filed with the Commission July
                   26, 1995).
10(g)(ii)      --  Stockholders' Agreement, dated as of July 11, 1995, among
                   Vestar Equity Partners, L.P., Cabot CSC Corporation, Cabot
                   Safety Holdings Corporation, Cabot Corporation and various
                   other parties thereto (incorporated herein by reference to
                   Exhibit 2(b) of Cabot Corporation's Current Report on Form
                   8-K, dated July 11, 1995, file reference 1-5667, filed with
                   the Commission July 26, 1995).
10(h)*         --  Cabot Corporation Senior Management Severance Protection
                   Plan, effective January 9, 1998 (incorporated herein by
                   reference to exhibit 10(a) of Cabot's Quarterly Report on
                   Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended December 31, 1997,
                   file reference 1-5667, filed with the Commission February
                   17, 1998).
10(i)*         --  Cabot Corporation Key Employee Severance Protection Plan,
                   effective January 9, 1998 (incorporated herein by reference
                   to exhibit 10(b) of Cabot's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
                   for the quarterly period ended December 31, 1997, file
                   reference 1-5667, filed with the Commission February 17,
                   1998).
10(j)*         --  Cabot Corporation Short-Term Incentive Compensation Plan
                   (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10 of Cabot's
                   Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended
                   March 31, 2001, file reference 1-5667, filed with the
                   Commission on May 14, 2001).
10(k)          --  Stock Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of July 13,
                   2000, by and among Cabot Business Trust, Cabot Corporation,
                   Tractebel, Inc. and Tractebel, S.A. (incorporated herein by
                   reference to Exhibit 2 of Cabot Corporation's Report on Form
                   8-K dated October 2, 2000, file reference 1-5667, filed with
                   the Commission on October 3, 2000).
</Table>

                                        63
<PAGE>

<Table>
<Caption>
  EXHIBIT
  NUMBER                                   DESCRIPTION
  -------                                  -----------
<S>           <C>  <C>
10(l)          --  Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of November 10, 2000
                   among Cabot Finance B.V., Fleet National Bank, Commerzbank
                   AG, and other lending institutions listed therein, including
                   First Amendment to Revolving Credit Agreement (incorporated
                   herein by reference to Exhibit 10 of Cabot's Quarterly
                   Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended December
                   31, 2000, file reference 1-5667, filed with the Commission
                   on February 14, 2001).
12             --  Statement Re: Computation of Ratios of Earnings to Fixed
                   Charges, filed herewith.
21             --  List of Significant Subsidiaries, filed herewith.
23             --  Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, filed herewith.
24             --  Power of attorney for signing of this Annual Report on Form
                   10-K, filed herewith.
</Table>

---------------

* Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.

     (d) Schedules.  The Schedules have been omitted for the reason that they
are not required or are not applicable, or the required information is shown in
the financial statements or notes thereto.

                                        64
<PAGE>

                                   SIGNATURES

     Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                                          CABOT CORPORATION (Registrant)

                                          By:     /s/ KENNETT F. BURNES
                                            ------------------------------------
                                                     KENNETT F. BURNES,
                                              Chairman of the Board, President
                                                and Chief Executive Officer

Date: December 19, 2001

     Pursuant to the requirement of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this
Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

<Table>
<Caption>
                    SIGNATURES                                    TITLE                     DATE
                    ----------                                    -----                     ----
<S>     <C>                                          <C>                              <C>
              /s/ KENNETT F. BURNES                     Director, Chairman of the     December 19, 2001
 ------------------------------------------------      Board, President and Chief
                KENNETT F. BURNES                           Executive Officer


               /s/ MARTIN L. COFFEE                       Assistant Controller        December 19, 2001
 ------------------------------------------------      (acting principal financial
                 MARTIN L. COFFEE                        and accounting officer)


                        *                                       Director              December 19, 2001
 ------------------------------------------------
                 JOHN G.L. CABOT


                        *                                       Director              December 19, 2001
 ------------------------------------------------
                JOHN S. CLARKESON


                        *                                       Director              December 19, 2001
 ------------------------------------------------
               ARTHUR L. GOLDSTEIN


                        *                                       Director              December 19, 2001
 ------------------------------------------------
               ROBERT P. HENDERSON


                        *                                       Director              December 19, 2001
 ------------------------------------------------
                  GAUTAM S. KAJI


                        *                                       Director              December 19, 2001
 ------------------------------------------------
              RODERICK C.G. MACLEOD


                        *                                       Director              December 19, 2001
 ------------------------------------------------
                 JOHN H. MCARTHUR


                        *                                       Director              December 19, 2001
 ------------------------------------------------
                 JOHN F. O'BRIEN
</Table>

                                        65
<PAGE>

<Table>
<Caption>
                    SIGNATURES                                    TITLE                     DATE
                    ----------                                    -----                     ----

<S>     <C>                                          <C>                              <C>

                        *                                       Director              December 19, 2001
 ------------------------------------------------
                RONALDO H. SCHMITZ


                        *                                       Director              December 19, 2001
 ------------------------------------------------
                 LYDIA W. THOMAS


                        *                                       Director              December 19, 2001
 ------------------------------------------------
                 MARK S. WRIGHTON


 *By:               /s/ JOHN P. MCGANN
        ------------------------------------------
                      JOHN P. MCGANN
                   AS ATTORNEY-IN-FACT
</Table>

                                        66
<PAGE>

                                 EXHIBIT INDEX

<Table>
<Caption>
  EXHIBIT
  NUMBER                                   DESCRIPTION
  -------                                  -----------
<S>           <C>  <C>
 3(a)          --  Certificate of Incorporation of Cabot Corporation restated
                   effective October 24, 1983, as amended February 14, 1985,
                   December 3, 1986, February 19, 1987, November 18, 1988,
                   November 24, 1995 and March 12, 1996 (incorporated herein by
                   reference to Exhibit 3(a) of Cabot's Annual Report on Form
                   10-K for the year ended September 30, 1996, file reference
                   1-5667, filed with the Commission on December 24, 1996).
 3(b)          --  The By-laws of Cabot Corporation as of January 11, 1991
                   (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3(b) of Cabot's
                   Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30,
                   1991, file reference 1-5667, filed with the Commission on
                   December 27, 1991).
 4(a)          --  Rights Agreement, dated as of November 10, 1995, between
                   Cabot Corporation and The First National Bank of Boston as
                   Rights Agent (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 1
                   of Cabot's Registration Statement on Form 8-A, file
                   reference 1-5667, filed with the Commission on November 13,
                   1995).
 4(b)(i)       --  Indenture, dated as of December 1, 1987, between Cabot
                   Corporation and The First National Bank of Boston, Trustee
                   (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4 of Amendment
                   No. 1 to Cabot's Registration Statement on Form S-3,
                   Registration No. 33-18883, filed with the Commission on
                   December 10, 1987).
 4(b)(ii)      --  First Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 17, 1992, to
                   Indenture, dated as of December 1, 1987, between Cabot
                   Corporation and The First National Bank of Boston, Trustee
                   (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of Cabot's
                   Registration Statement on Form S-3, Registration Statement
                   No. 33-48686, filed with the Commission on June 18, 1992).
 4(b)(iii)     --  Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 31, 1997,
                   between Cabot Corporation and State Street Bank and Trust
                   Company, Trustee (incorporated herein by reference to
                   Exhibit 4 of Cabot's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
                   quarterly period ended December 31, 1996, file reference
                   1-5667, filed with the Commission on February 14, 1997).
 4(b)(iv)      --  Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 20, 1998,
                   between Cabot Corporation and State Street Bank and Trust
                   Company, Trustee (incorporated herein by reference to
                   Exhibit 4.1 of Cabot's Current Report on Form 8-K, dated
                   November 20, 1998, file reference 1-5667, filed with the
                   Commission on November 20, 1998).
10(a)          --  Credit Agreement, dated as of July 13, 2001, among Cabot
                   Corporation, the banks listed therein and Fleet National
                   Bank, as Agent, filed herewith.
10(b)(i)*      --  1996 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference
                   to Exhibit 28 of Cabot's Registration Statement on Form S-8,
                   Registration No. 333-03683, filed with the Commission on May
                   14, 1996).
10(b)(ii)*     --  1999 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference
                   to Exhibit 10.1 of Cabot's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for
                   the quarterly period ended March 31, 1999, file reference
                   1-5667, filed with the Commission on May 17, 1999).
10(b)(iii)*    --  Amendments to Cabot Corporation 1996 and 1999 Equity
                   Incentive Plans, dated May 12, 2000 (incorporated herein by
                   reference to Exhibit 10 of Cabot's Quarterly Report on Form
                   10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2000, file
                   reference 1-5667, filed with the Commission on May 15,
                   2000).
10(c)          --  Note Purchase Agreement between John Hancock Mutual Life
                   Insurance Company, State Street Bank and Trust Company, as
                   trustee for the Cabot Corporation Employee Stock Ownership
                   Plan, and Cabot Corporation, dated as of November 15, 1988
                   (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(c) of Cabot's
                   Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30,
                   1988, file reference 1-5667, filed with the Commission on
                   December 29, 1988).
10(d)(i)*      --  Supplemental Cash Balance Plan (incorporated herein by
                   reference to Exhibit 10(e)(i) of Cabot's Annual Report on
                   Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 1994, file
                   reference 1-5667, filed with the Commission on December 22,
                   1994).
</Table>
<PAGE>

<Table>
<Caption>
  EXHIBIT
  NUMBER                                   DESCRIPTION
  -------                                  -----------
<S>           <C>  <C>
10(d)(ii)*     --  Supplemental Employee Stock Ownership Plan (incorporated
                   herein by reference to Exhibit 10(e)(ii) of Cabot's Annual
                   Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 1994,
                   file reference 1-5667, filed with the Commission on December
                   22, 1994).
10(d)(iii)*    --  Supplemental Retirement Incentive Savings Plan (incorporated
                   herein by reference to Exhibit 10(e)(iii) of Cabot's Annual
                   Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 1994,
                   file reference 1-5667, filed with the Commission on December
                   22, 1994).
10(d)(iv)*     --  Supplemental Employee Benefit Agreement with John G.L. Cabot
                   (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(f) of
                   Cabot's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
                   September 30, 1987, file reference 1-5667, filed with the
                   Commission on December 28, 1987).
10(d)(v)*      --  Cabot Corporation Deferred Compensation Plan dated January
                   1, 1995 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit
                   10(e)(v) of Cabot's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
                   ended September 30, 1995, file reference 1-5667, filed with
                   the Commission on December 29, 1995).
10(d)(vi)*     --  Amendment 1997-I to Cabot Corporation Deferred Compensation
                   Plan dated June 30, 1997 (incorporated herein by reference
                   to Exhibit 10(d)(vi) of Cabot's Annual Report on Form 10-K
                   for the year ended September 30, 1997, file reference
                   1-5667, filed with the Commission on December 24, 1997).
10(e)          --  Group Annuity Contract No. GA-6121 between The Prudential
                   Insurance Company of America and State Street Bank and Trust
                   Company, dated June 28, 1991 (incorporated herein by
                   reference to Exhibit 10(h) of Cabot's Annual Report on Form
                   10-K for the year ended September 30, 1991, file reference
                   1-5667, filed with the Commission on December 27, 1991).
10(f)*         --  Non-employee Directors' Stock Compensation Plan
                   (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit A of Cabot's
                   Proxy Statement for its 1992 Annual Meeting of Stockholders,
                   file reference 1-5667, filed with the Commission on December
                   27, 1991).
10(g)(i)       --  Asset Transfer Agreement, dated as of June 13, 1995, among
                   Cabot Safety Corporation, Cabot Canada Ltd., Cabot Safety
                   Limited, Cabot Corporation, Cabot Safety Holdings
                   Corporation and Cabot Safety Acquisition Corporation
                   (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2(a) of Cabot
                   Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K, dated July 11,
                   1995, file reference 1-5667, filed with the Commission July
                   26, 1995).
10(g)(ii)      --  Stockholders' Agreement, dated as of July 11, 1995, among
                   Vestar Equity Partners, L.P., Cabot CSC Corporation, Cabot
                   Safety Holdings Corporation, Cabot Corporation and various
                   other parties thereto (incorporated herein by reference to
                   Exhibit 2(b) of Cabot Corporation's Current Report on Form
                   8-K, dated July 11, 1995, file reference 1-5667, filed with
                   the Commission July 26, 1995).
10(h)*         --  Cabot Corporation Senior Management Severance Protection
                   Plan, effective January 9, 1998 (incorporated herein by
                   reference to exhibit 10(a) of Cabot's Quarterly Report on
                   Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended December 31, 1997,
                   file reference 1-5667, filed with the Commission February
                   17, 1998).
10(i)*         --  Cabot Corporation Key Employee Severance Protection Plan,
                   effective January 9, 1998 (incorporated herein by reference
                   to exhibit 10(b) of Cabot's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
                   for the quarterly period ended December 31, 1997, file
                   reference 1-5667, filed with the Commission February 17,
                   1998).
10(j)*         --  Cabot Corporation Short-Term Incentive Compensation Plan
                   (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10 of Cabot's
                   Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended
                   March 31, 2001, file reference 1-5667, filed with the
                   Commission on May 14, 2001).
10(k)          --  Stock Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of July 13,
                   2000, by and among Cabot Business Trust, Cabot Corporation,
                   Tractebel, Inc. and Tractebel, S.A. (incorporated herein by
                   reference to Exhibit 2 of Cabot Corporation's Report on Form
                   8-K dated October 2, 2000, file reference 1-5667, filed with
                   the Commission on October 3, 2000).
</Table>
<PAGE>

<Table>
<Caption>
  EXHIBIT
  NUMBER                                   DESCRIPTION
  -------                                  -----------
<S>           <C>  <C>
10(l)          --  Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of November 10, 2000
                   among Cabot Finance B.V., Fleet National Bank, Commerzbank
                   AG, and other lending institutions listed therein, including
                   First Amendment to Revolving Credit Agreement (incorporated
                   herein by reference to Exhibit 10 of Cabot's Quarterly
                   Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended December
                   31, 2000, file reference 1-5667, filed with the Commission
                   on February 14, 2001).
12             --  Statement Re: Computation of Ratios of Earnings to Fixed
                   Charges, filed herewith.
21             --  List of Significant Subsidiaries, filed herewith.
23             --  Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, filed herewith.
24             --  Power of attorney for signing of this Annual Report on Form
                   10-K, filed herewith.
</Table>

---------------

* Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.
<PAGE>

                                                                SKU# 0928-10K-02

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
