<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>a5100177.txt
<DESCRIPTION>ATRION CORPORATION 10-K
<TEXT>


================================================================================

                      SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                            Washington, D.C. 20549
                          --------------------------
                                   Form 10-K

             ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
                        SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
                  For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2005
                        Commission File Number 0-10763
                            -----------------------

                              Atrion Corporation
            (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)

                      Delaware                                63-0821819
  (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or         (I.R.S. Employer
                    organization)                         Identification No.)

               One Allentown Parkway,
                    Allen, Texas                                 75002
      (Address of principal executive offices)                (ZIP code)

      Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (972) 390-9800

        SECURITIES REGISTERED UNDER SECTION 12(b) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT:

          Title of Each Class          Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered
          -------------------          -----------------------------------------

                 NONE                                   NONE

     SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(g) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT:

            Title of Class           Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered
            --------------           -----------------------------------------

     Common Stock, $.10 Par Value                      NASDAQ

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.
Yes [X]  No [_]

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of Registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to
this Form 10-K. [X]

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is an accelerated filer (as
defined in Exchange Act Rule 12b-2).
Yes [X]  No [_]

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in
Exchange Act Rule 12b-2).
Yes [ ]  No [X]

The aggregate market value of the voting Common Stock held by nonaffiliates of
the Registrant at February 22, 2006 was $101,408,723 based on the last reported
sales price of the common stock on the Nasdaq National Market on such date.
Shares of voting stock held by executive officers, directors and holders of more
than 10% of the outstanding voting shares have been excluded from this
calculation because such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. Exclusion of
such shares should not be construed to indicate that any of such persons
possesses the power, direct or indirect, to control the Registrant, or that such
person is controlled by or under common control of the Registrant

Number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at February 22, 2006: 1,833,807

                      DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K incorporates by reference
information from the Company's definitive proxy statement relating to the 2006
annual meeting of stockholders, to be filed with the Commission not later than
120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this report.


================================================================================
<PAGE>


                              ATRION CORPORATION

                                   FORM 10-K

                               ANNUAL REPORT TO
                    THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                     FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2005
                                   --------

                               TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM                                                                        PAGE

PART I........................................................................1

   ITEM 1.   BUSINESS.........................................................1
   ITEM 1A.  RISK FACTORS.....................................................7
   ITEM 1B.  UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS.......................................12
   ITEM 2.   PROPERTIES......................................................12
   ITEM 3.   LEGAL PROCEEDINGS...............................................12
   ITEM 4.   SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS.............12
             EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE COMPANY...............................12

PART II......................................................................13

   ITEM 5.   MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER
             MATTERS AND ISSUER REPURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES.............13
   ITEM 6.   SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA.........................................15
   ITEM 7.   MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
             CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.............................15
   ITEM 7A.  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT
             MARKET RISK.....................................................21
   ITEM 8.   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA.....................22
   ITEM 9.   CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON
             ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.............................41
   ITEM 9A.  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES.........................................41
   ITEM 9B.  OTHER INFORMATION...............................................43

PART III.....................................................................43

   ITEM 10.  DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT..............43
   ITEM 11.  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION..........................................43
   ITEM 12.  SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND
             MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDERS MATTERS.....................43
   ITEM 13.  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS..................44
   ITEM 14.  PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES..........................44

PART IV......................................................................44

   ITEM 15.  EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES......................44

SIGNATURES...................................................................47


<PAGE>


                              ATRION CORPORATION

                                   FORM 10-K

                               ANNUAL REPORT TO
                    THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                     FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2005

                                    PART I

ITEM 1.  BUSINESS

General

Atrion Corporation ("Atrion" or the "Company") designs, develops, manufactures,
sells and distributes products and components, primarily for the medical and
healthcare industry. The Company's products range from ophthalmology and
cardiovascular products to fluid delivery devices. The Company has a line of
non-medical components that are sold for use in aviation and marine safety
products. The Company also owns and maintains a gaseous oxygen pipeline that is
small and incidental to the overall operations of the Company.

The Company's fluid delivery products accounted for 28 percent, 26 percent and
24 percent of net revenues for 2005, 2004 and 2003. The Company develops,
manufactures and markets several specialized intravenous fluid delivery tubing
sets and accessories. The intravenous fluid delivery line includes more than 80
distinct models used for complex therapy procedures employed in anesthesia
administration, intravenous fluid therapy, critical care and oncology therapy.
The Company is an industry leader in the manufacturing of medical tubing clamps.
These products include clamps offering such features as six match-to-fit sizes
with compatibility to all grades of medical tubing, molding in a variety of
materials, and compatibility with different sterilization processes. The
Company's swabbable luer valve allows needleless luer connections to luer access
devices in IV applications. These valves provide an economical replacement for
needle access ports in drug delivery and IV applications and maintain a sterile,
closed IV system without the need for replacement caps. The Company has
developed a wide variety of luer syringe check valves and one-way valves
designed to fill, hold and release controlled amounts of fluids or gasses on
demand for use in various intubation, catheter and other applications.

The Company's cardiovascular products accounted for 27 percent, 25 percent and
22 percent of net revenues for 2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively. At the heart
of the Company's cardiovascular products is the MPS2(R) Myocardial Protection
System ("MPS2"), a proprietary technology that delivers essential fluids and
medications to the heart during open-heart surgery. The MPS2 integrates key
functions relating to the delivery of solutions to the heart, such as varying
the rate and ratio of oxygenated blood, crystalloid, potassium and other
additives, and controlling temperature, pressure and other variables to allow
simpler, more flexible management of this process, indicating improved patient
outcomes. New features include an expanded flow range, low volume mode and
cyclic flow mode. The MPS2 is the only device used in open-heart surgery that
allows for the mixing of drugs into the bloodstream without diluting the blood.
The MPS2 employs advanced pump, temperature control and microprocessor
technologies and includes a line of disposable products. The Company also
develops, manufactures and markets other cardiovascular products which consist
principally of the following: cardiac surgery vacuum relief valves;
Retract-O-Tape(R) silicone vessel loops for retracting and occluding vessels in
minimally invasive surgical procedures; inflation devices for balloon catheter
dilation, stent deployment and fluid dispensing; and Clean-Cut(R) rotating
aortic punch and PerfectCut(R) Aortotomy System, both of which are used in heart
bypass surgery to make a precision opening in the heart for attachment of the
bypass vessels.


                                      -1-
<PAGE>


The Company's ophthalmic products accounted for 20 percent, 24 percent and 30
percent of net revenues for 2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively. Atrion is a
leading manufacturer of soft contact lens storage and disinfection cases. Atrion
produces a complete line of products which are compatible with all solutions for
use with soft or rigid gas permeable lenses. The Company also works with
customers to provide customized distribution of products. As a registered
pharmaceutical reseller, Atrion provides custom packaging, including component
purchasing as well as labeling. Warehousing as well as inventory management is
included in Atrion's complete kitting services. The Company also designs,
manufactures, sells and distributes the LacriCATH(R) product line, a line of
balloon catheters that is used in the treatment of nasolacrimal duct obstruction
in children and adults. Nasolacrimal duct obstruction can cause a condition
called epiphora (chronic tearing). People affected by this condition experience
excessive and uncontrollable tearing and often encounter infection as a result
of the nasolacrimal blockage. LacriCATH balloon catheters are the only balloon
catheters with Food and Drug Administration ("FDA") approval for use in this
application.

The Company's other medical and non-medical products accounted for 25 percent,
25 percent and 24 percent of net revenues for 2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively.
Atrion is the leading manufacturer of inflation systems and valves used in
marine and aviation safety products. The Company manufactures inflation devices,
oral inflation tubes, right angle connectors, valves, and closures for life
vests, life rafts, inflatable boats, survival equipment, and other inflatable
structures. Atrion also produces many one-way and two-way "Breather" valves for
use on electronics cases, munitions cases, pressure vessels, transportation
container cases, escape slides, and many other medical and non-medical
applications requiring pressure relief. Atrion provides contract manufacturing
services for other major original equipment manufacturers of medical devices.
The Company has the ability to take a product from concept through design,
development and prototype all the way to full-scale production manufacturing.
Core competencies include engineering product design and development,
prototyping, assembly, insert and injection molding, automation, RF-welding,
ultrasonic and heat sealing, and sterile packaging.

The Company designs, manufactures, sells and distributes a line of pressure
monitoring kits for use in labor and delivery procedures and various critical
care applications. The Company's intrauterine pressure monitoring devices are
used to determine pressure within the mother's uterus primarily during high risk
labor and delivery. The Company's ACTester product line consists of
instrumentation and associated disposables used to measure the activated
clotting time of blood. The Company manufactures, sells and distributes a line
of products designed for safe needle and scalpel blade containment.

The Company owns and maintains a 22-mile high-pressure steel pipeline in north
Alabama that is leased to an industrial gas producer that transports gaseous
oxygen to one of its customers.


Marketing and Major Customers

The Company markets components to other equipment manufacturers for
incorporation in their products and sells finished devices to physicians,
hospitals, clinics and other treatment centers. Sales managers working with a
direct sales force, commissioned sales agents, and distributors handle these
sales. The Company's sales managers work closely with major customers in
designing and developing products to meet customer requirements. The Company
sponsors scientific symposia as a means of disseminating product information and
participates in industry trade shows.

Company revenues from sales to parties outside the United States totaled
approximately 27 percent, 30 percent and 26 percent of the Company's net
revenues in 2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively. These sales are made to various
manufacturers and through distributors in over 50 countries outside the United
States. Company revenues from sales to parties in Canada totaled approximately
11 percent, 14 percent and 14 percent of the Company's net revenues in 2005,
2004 and 2003, respectively.

The Company offers customer service, training and education, and technical
support such as field service, spare parts, maintenance and repair for certain
of its products. The Company periodically advertises its products in trade
journals and routinely attends and participates in trade shows throughout the
United


                                      -2-
<PAGE>


States and internationally. The Company provides supportive literature on the
benefits of its products.

During 2005, Novartis was the Company's only customer accounting for more than
10 percent of the Company's revenues, with various products sold to several
divisions of Novartis accounting for approximately 11 percent of the Company's
revenues. The loss of this customer would have a material adverse impact on the
Company's business, financial condition and results of operations.

Manufacturing

The Company's medical products and other components are produced at facilities
in Arab, Alabama, St. Petersburg, Florida and Allen, Texas. The facilities in
Arab and St. Petersburg both utilize plastic injection molding and specialized
assembly as their primary manufacturing processes. The Company's other
manufacturing processes consist of the assembly of standard and custom component
parts and the testing of completed products.

The Company devotes significant attention to quality assurance. Its quality
assurance measures begin with the suppliers which participate in the Company's
supplier quality assurance program. It continues at the manufacturing level
where many components are assembled in a "clean room" environment designed and
maintained to reduce product exposure to particulate matter. Products are tested
throughout the manufacturing process for adherence to specifications. Most
finished products are then shipped to outside processors for sterilization by
radiation or ethylene oxide gas. After sterilization, the products are
quarantined and tested before they are shipped to customers.

Skills of assembly workers required for the manufacture of medical products are
similar to those required in typical assembly operations. The Company currently
employs workers with the skills necessary for its assembly operations and
believes that additional workers with these skills are readily available in the
areas where the Company's plants are located.

The Company's medical device operations are ISO13485:2003 certified and are
subject to FDA jurisdiction. The Company's non-medical device operations are
ISO9001-2000 certified.

Research and Development

The Company believes that a well-targeted research and development program is an
essential part of the Company's activities, and the Company is currently engaged
in a number of research and development projects. The objective of the Company's
program is to develop new products in the Company's current product lines,
improve current products and develop new product lines. Recent major development
projects include, but are not limited to, products designed for safe needle and
scalpel blade containment, a new inflator system for use with recreational and
commercial life vests, an anti-retrograde flow check valve for medical infusion
and fluid delivery applications; inflation devices for balloon catheter
dilation, stent deployment and fluid dispensing; a system used to facilitate and
standardize aortotomy techniques in open-heart surgery; the next-generation MPS2
with new flow features; and the integration of needle-free injectable caps with
fluid delivery products. The Company expects to incur additional research and
development expenses in 2006 for various projects.

The Company's consolidated research and development expenditures for 2005, 2004
and 2003 were $2,396,000, $2,374,000, and $2,146,000, respectively.

Availability of Raw Materials

The principal raw materials that the Company uses in its products are
polyethylene, polypropylene and polyvinyl chloride resins. The Company's ability
to operate profitably is dependent, in large part, on the market for these
resins. As these resins used by us are derived from petroleum and natural gas,
prices fluctuate substantially as a result of changes in petroleum and natural
gas prices, demand and the


                                      -3-
<PAGE>


capacity of the companies that produce these products to meet market needs.
Instability in the world markets for petroleum and natural gas could adversely
affect the prices of the Company's raw materials and their general availability.

The Company subcontracts with various suppliers to provide the quantity of
component parts necessary to assemble the Company's products. Almost all of
these components are available from a number of different suppliers, although
certain components are purchased from single sources that manufacture these
components using the Company's toolings. The Company believes that there are
satisfactory alternative sources for single-sourced components, although a
sudden disruption in supply from one of these suppliers could adversely affect
the Company's ability to deliver finished products on time. The Company owns the
molds used for production of a majority of its components. Consequently, in the
event of supply disruption, the Company would be able to fabricate its own
components or subcontract with another supplier, albeit after a delay in the
production process.

Patents and License Agreements

The commercial success of the Company is dependent, in part, on its ability to
continue to develop patentable products, to preserve its trade secrets and to
operate without infringing or violating the proprietary rights of third parties.
The Company currently has 217 active patents and patent applications pending on
products that are either being sold or are in development. The Company pays
royalties to outside parties for three patents. All of these patents and patents
pending relate to current products being sold by the Company or to products in
evaluation stages.

The Company has developed technical knowledge which, although non-patentable, is
considered to be significant in enabling it to compete. However, the proprietary
nature of such knowledge may be difficult to protect. The Company has entered
into agreements with key employees prohibiting them from disclosing any
confidential information or trade secrets of the Company. In addition, these
agreements also provide that any inventions or discoveries relating to the
business of the Company by these individuals will be assigned to the Company and
become the Company's sole property.

The medical device industry is characterized by extensive intellectual property
litigation, and companies in the medical products industry sometimes use
intellectual property litigation to gain a competitive advantage. Intellectual
property litigation, regardless of outcome, is often complex and expensive, and
the outcome of this litigation is generally difficult to predict.

Competition

Depending on the product and the nature of the project, the Company competes on
the basis of its ability to provide engineering and design expertise, quality,
service, product and price. As such, successful competitors must have technical
strength, responsiveness and scale. The Company believes that its expertise and
reputation for quality medical products have allowed it to compete favorably
with respect to each such factor and to maintain long-term relationships with
its customers. However, in many of the Company's markets, the Company competes
with numerous other companies that have substantially greater financial
resources and engage in substantially more research and development activities
than the Company. Furthermore, innovations in surgical techniques or medical
practices could have the effect of reducing or eliminating market demand for one
or more of the Company's products.

Numerous companies compete with the Company in the sale of healthcare products.
These markets are dominated by established manufacturers that have broader
product lines, greater distribution capabilities, substantially greater capital
resources and larger marketing, research and development staffs and facilities
than the Company. Many of these competitors offer broader product lines within
the specific product market and in the general field of medical devices and
supplies. Broad product lines give many of the Company's cardiovascular and
fluid delivery competitors the ability to negotiate exclusive, long-term medical
device supply contracts and, consequently, the ability to offer


                                      -4-
<PAGE>


comprehensive pricing of their competing products. By offering a broader product
line in the general field of medical devices and supplies, competitors may also
have a significant advantage in marketing competing products to group purchasing
organizations, HMOs and other managed care organizations that are increasingly
seeking to reduce costs through centralization of purchasing functions. In
addition, the Company's competitors may use price reductions to preserve market
share in their product markets.

Depending on the product and the nature of the project, the Company competes in
contract manufacturing on the basis of its ability to provide engineering and
design expertise as well as on the basis of product and price. The Company
frequently designs products for a customer or potential customer prior to
entering into long-term development and manufacturing agreements with that
customer. Because these products are somewhat limited in number and normally are
only a component of the ultimate product sold by its customers, the Company is
dependent on its ability to meet the requirements of those major healthcare
companies and must continually be attentive to the need to manufacture such
products at competitive prices and in compliance with strict manufacturing
standards. The Company competes with a number of contract manufacturers of
medical products. Most of these competitors are small companies that do not
offer the breadth of services offered by the Company to its customers.

The Company also competes in the market for inflation devices used in marine and
aviation equipment. The Company is the dominant provider in this market area.

Government Regulation

Products

The manufacture and sale of medical products are subject to regulation by
numerous United States governmental authorities, principally the FDA, and
corresponding foreign agencies. The research and development, manufacturing,
promotion, marketing and distribution of medical products in the United States
are governed by the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and the regulations
promulgated thereunder ("FDC Act and Regulations"). All manufacturers of medical
devices must register with the FDA and list all medical devices manufactured by
them. The list must be updated annually. The Company's medical product
subsidiaries and certain of their customers are subject to inspection by the FDA
for compliance with such regulations and procedures. The Company's medical
products manufacturing facilities are subject to regulation by the FDA.

The FDA has traditionally pursued a rigorous enforcement program to ensure that
regulated entities comply with the FDC Act and Regulations. A company not in
compliance may face a variety of regulatory actions, including warning letters,
product detentions, device alerts, mandatory recalls or field corrections,
product seizures, total or partial suspension of production, injunctive actions
or civil penalties and criminal prosecutions of the company or responsible
employees, officers and directors. The Company's medical products subsidiaries
and certain of their customers are subject to these inspections. The Company
believes that it has met all FDA requirements.

Under the FDA's requirements, if a manufacturer can establish that a
newly-developed device is "substantially equivalent" to a legally marketed
device, the manufacturer may seek marketing clearance from the FDA to market the
device by filing a 510(k) premarket notification with the FDA. The 510(k)
premarket notification must be supported by data establishing the claim of
substantial equivalence to the satisfaction of the FDA. The process of obtaining
a 510(k) clearance typically can take several months to a year or longer. If
substantial equivalence cannot be established or if the FDA determines that the
device requires a more rigorous review, the FDA will require that the
manufacturer submit a premarket approval ("PMA") that must be reviewed and
approved by the FDA prior to marketing and sale of the device in the United
States. The process of obtaining a PMA can be expensive, uncertain and lengthy,
frequently requiring anywhere from one to several years from the date of FDA
submission. Both a 510(k) and a PMA, if granted, may include significant
limitations on the indicated uses for which a product may be marketed. FDA
enforcement policy strictly prohibits the promotion of approved medical devices
for unapproved uses.


                                      -5-
<PAGE>


In addition, product approvals can be withdrawn for failure to comply with
regulatory requirements or the occurrence of unforeseen problems following
initial marketing. The Company believes that it is in compliance with these
rules.

Certain aviation and marine safety products are also subject to regulation by
the United States Coast Guard and the Federal Aviation Administration and
similar organizations in foreign countries which regulate the safety of marine
and aviation equipment.

Third-Party Reimbursement and Cost Containment

In the United States, healthcare providers, including hospitals and physicians,
that purchase medical products for treatment of their patients generally rely on
third-party payors, principally federal Medicare, state Medicaid and private
health insurance plans, to reimburse all or a part of the costs and fees
associated with the procedures performed using these products.

Reimbursement systems in international markets vary significantly by country and
by region within some countries, and reimbursement approvals must be obtained on
a country-by-country basis. Many international markets have government-managed
healthcare systems that control reimbursement for new products and procedures.
In most markets, there are private insurance systems as well as
government-managed systems. Market acceptance of the Company's products in
international markets depends, in part, on the availability and level of
reimbursement.

Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement for hospitals is generally based on a fixed
amount for admitting a patient with a specific diagnosis. Because of this fixed
reimbursement method, hospitals may seek to use less costly methods in treating
Medicare and Medicaid patients. Frequently, reimbursement is reduced to reflect
the availability of a new procedure or technique, and as a result hospitals are
generally willing to implement new cost saving technologies before these
downward adjustments take effect. Likewise, because the rate of reimbursement
for certain physicians who perform certain procedures has been and may in the
future be reduced, physicians may seek greater cost efficiency in treatment to
minimize any negative impact of reduced reimbursement. Third-party payors may
challenge the prices charged for medical products and services and may deny
reimbursement if they determine that a device was not used in accordance with
cost-effective treatment methods as determined by the payor, was experimental or
was used for an unapproved application.

The Company anticipates that Congress, state legislatures and the private sector
will continue to review and assess alternative healthcare delivery and payment
systems. Potential approaches that have been considered include mandated basic
healthcare benefits, controls on healthcare spending through limitations on the
growth of private health insurance premiums and Medicare and Medicaid spending,
the creation of large insurance purchasing groups, price controls and other
fundamental changes to the healthcare delivery system. The Company cannot
predict what impact the adoption of any federal or state healthcare reform
measures, future private sector reform or market forces may have on its
business.

Product Liability and Insurance

The design, manufacture and marketing of products of the types the Company
produces entail an inherent risk of product liability claims. A problem with one
of the Company's products could result in product liability claims or a recall
of, or safety alert or advisory notice relating to, the product.

Advisory Board

Several physicians and perfusionists with substantial expertise in the field of
myocardial protection serve as Clinical Advisors for the Company. These Clinical
Advisors have assisted in the identification of the market need for myocardial
protection systems and the subsequent design and development of the


                                      -6-
<PAGE>


Company's MPS2 and its predecessor. Members of the Company's management and
scientific and technical staff from time to time consult with these Clinical
Advisors to better understand the technical and clinical requirements of the
cardiovascular surgical team and product functionality needed to meet those
requirements. The Company anticipates that these Clinical Advisors will play a
similar role with respect to other products and may assist the Company in
educating other physicians in the use of the MPS2 and related products.

Certain of the Clinical Advisors are employed by academic institutions and may
have commitments to, or consulting or advisory agreements with, other entities
that may limit their availability to the Company. The Clinical Advisors may also
serve as consultants to other medical device companies. The Clinical Advisors
are not expected to devote more than a small portion of their time to the
Company.

People

At January 31, 2006, the Company had 493 full-time employees. Employee relations
are good and there has been no work stoppage due to labor disagreements. None of
the Company's employees is represented by any labor union.

ITEM 1A.  RISK FACTORS

In addition to the other information contained in this Form 10-K, the following
risk factors should be considered carefully in evaluating our business. Our
business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially
adversely affected by any of these risks. Additional risks and uncertainties
that we do not currently know about or that we currently believe are immaterial,
or that we have not predicted, may also harm our business operations or
adversely affect us.

     o    Our business is dependent on the price and availability of resins and
          our ability to pass on resin price increases to our customers.
               The principal raw materials that we use in our products are
               polyethylene, polypropylene and polyvinyl chloride resins. Our
               ability to operate profitably is dependent, in large part, on the
               market for these resins. The resins used by us are derived from
               petroleum and natural gas; therefore; prices fluctuate
               substantially as a result of changes in petroleum and natural gas
               prices, demand and the capacity of the companies that produce
               these products to meet market needs. Instability in the world
               markets for petroleum and natural gas could adversely affect the
               prices of our raw materials and their general availability.

               Our ability to maintain profitability is heavily dependent upon
               our ability to pass through to our customers the full amount of
               any increase in raw material costs. If resin prices increase and
               we are not able to fully pass on the increases to our customers,
               our results of operations and our financial condition will be
               adversely affected.

     o    The loss of a key supplier of raw materials could lead to increased
          costs and lower profit margins.
               The loss of a key supplier would force us to purchase raw
               materials in the open market, which may be at higher prices,
               until we could secure another source and such higher prices may
               not allow us to remain competitive. If we are unable to obtain
               raw materials in sufficient quantities, we may not be able to
               manufacture our products. Even if we were able to replace one of
               our raw material suppliers through another supply arrangement,
               there is no assurance that the terms that we enter into with such
               alternate supplier will be as favorable as the supply
               arrangements that we currently have.


                                      -7-
<PAGE>


     o    A substantial portion of our customer relationships are open
          short-term purchase commitments and, as a result, many of our
          customers may unilaterally reduce the purchase of our products.
               A substantial portion of our customer relationships are based on
               open short-term purchase commitments. As a result, many of our
               customers may unilaterally reduce the purchase of our products
               or, in certain cases, terminate existing orders for which we may
               have incurred significant production costs. A loss of a major
               customer or a number of our smaller customers could materially
               adversely affect our operations and financial condition.

     o    Product liability claims could adversely affect our financial
          condition and results of operations.
               We may be subject to product liability claims involving claims of
               personal injury or property damage. Our product liability
               insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover the cost of
               defense and the potential award in the event of a claim. Also, a
               well-publicized actual or perceived problem could adversely
               affect our reputation and reduce the demand for our products.

     o    Our success is dependent on our ability to develop patentable
          products, to preserve our trade secrets and operate without infringing
          or violating the proprietary rights of third parties.
               Others may challenge the validity of any patents issued to us,
               and we could encounter legal and financial difficulties in
               enforcing our patent rights against infringers. In addition,
               there can be no assurance that other technologies cannot or will
               not be developed or that patents will not be obtained by others
               which would render our patents less valuable or obsolete.
               Although we do not believe that patents are the sole determinant
               in the commercial success of our products, the loss of a
               significant percentage of our patents or of our patents relating
               to a specific major product line could have a material adverse
               effect on our business, financial condition and results of
               operations.

               We have developed technical knowledge which, although
               non-patentable, we consider to be significant in enabling us to
               compete. However, the proprietary nature of such knowledge may be
               difficult to protect.

               The medical device industry is characterized by extensive
               intellectual property litigation, and companies in the medical
               products industry sometimes use intellectual property litigation
               to gain a competitive advantage. Intellectual property
               litigation, regardless of outcome, is often complex and
               expensive, and the outcome of this litigation is generally
               difficult to predict.

               An adverse determination in any such proceeding could subject us
               to significant liabilities to third parties or require us to seek
               licenses from third parties or pay royalties that may be
               substantial. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that
               necessary licenses would be available to us on satisfactory terms
               or at all. Accordingly, an adverse determination in a judicial or
               administrative proceeding or failure to obtain necessary licenses
               could prevent us from manufacturing or selling certain of our
               products, which could have a material adverse effect on our
               business, financial condition and results of operations.

     o    New lines of business or new products and services may subject us to
          additional risks.
               From time to time, we may implement new lines of business or
               offer new products and services within existing lines of
               business. There are substantial risks and uncertainties
               associated with these efforts, particularly in instances where
               the markets are not fully developed. In developing and marketing
               new lines of business or new products and services, we may invest
               significant time and resources. Initial timetables for the
               introduction and development of new lines of business and new
               products or services may not be


                                      -8-
<PAGE>


               achieved and price and profitability targets may not prove
               feasible. External factors, such as compliance with regulations,
               competitive alternatives, and shifting market preferences, may
               also impact the successful implementation of a new line of
               business or a new product or service. Furthermore, any new line
               of business or new product or service could have a significant
               impact on the effectiveness of our system of internal controls.
               Failure to successfully manage these risks in the development and
               implementation of new lines of business or new products or
               services could have a material adverse effect on our business,
               results of operations and financial condition.

     o    Our competitors have significantly greater resources than we do, and
          it may be difficult for us to compete against them.
               In many of our markets, we compete with numerous other companies
               that have substantially greater financial resources and engage in
               substantially more research and development activities than we
               do. Furthermore, innovations in surgical techniques or medical
               practices could have the effect of reducing or eliminating market
               demand for one or more of our products.

               Some of the markets in which we compete are dominated by
               established manufacturers that have broader product lines,
               greater distribution capabilities, substantially larger
               marketing, research and development staffs and facilities than we
               do. Many of these competitors offer broader product lines within
               the specific product market and in the general field of medical
               devices and supplies. Broad product lines give many of our
               cardiovascular and fluid delivery competitors the ability to
               negotiate exclusive, long-term medical device supply contracts
               and, consequently, the ability to offer comprehensive pricing of
               their competing products. By offering a broader product line in
               the general field of medical devices and supplies, competitors
               may also have a significant advantage in marketing competing
               products to group purchasing organizations. In addition, our
               competitors may use price reductions to preserve market share in
               their product markets.

     o    We are subject to substantial governmental regulation and our failure
          to comply with applicable governmental regulations could subject us to
          numerous penalties, any of which could adversely affect our business.
               We are subject to numerous governmental regulations relating to,
               among other things, our ability to sell our products, third-party
               reimbursement and fraud and abuse of Medicare or Medicaid. If we
               do not comply with applicable governmental regulations,
               governmental authorities could do any of the following:
                    o    impose fines and penalties on us;
                    o    prevent us from manufacturing our products;
                    o    bring civil or criminal charges against us;
                    o    delay the introduction of our new products into the
                         market;
                    o    recall or seize our products;
                    o    disrupt the manufacture or distribution of our
                         products; or
                    o    withdraw or deny approvals for our products.

               Any one of these results could materially adversely affect our
               revenues and profitability and harm our reputation.


                                      -9-
<PAGE>


     o    We will be unable to sell our products if we fail to comply with
          manufacturing regulations.
               To commercially manufacture our products, we must comply with
               government manufacturing regulations that govern design controls,
               quality systems and documentation policies and procedures. The
               FDA and equivalent foreign governmental authorities periodically
               inspect our manufacturing facilities and the manufacturing
               facilities of our OEM medical device customers. If we or our OEM
               medical device customers fail to comply with these manufacturing
               regulations or fail any FDA inspections our marketing or
               distribution of our products may be prevented or delayed, which
               would negatively impact our business.

     o    Our products are subject to product recalls even after receiving
          regulatory clearance or approval, and any such recalls would
          negatively affect our financial performance and could harm our
          reputation.
               Any of our products may be found to have significant deficiencies
               or defects in design or manufacture. The FDA and similar
               governmental authorities in other countries have the authority to
               require the recall of any such defective product. A
               government-mandated or voluntary recall could occur as a result
               of component failures, manufacturing errors or design defects. We
               do not maintain insurance to cover losses incurred as a result of
               product recalls. Any product recall would divert managerial and
               financial resources and negatively affect our financial
               performance, and could harm our reputation with customers and
               end-users.

     o    We may not receive regulatory approvals for new product candidates or
          approvals may be delayed.
               Regulation by government authorities in the United States and
               foreign countries is a significant factor in the development,
               manufacture and marketing of our proposed products and in our
               ongoing research and product development activities. Any failure
               to receive the regulatory approvals necessary to commercialize
               our product candidates, or the subsequent withdrawal of any such
               approvals, would harm our business. The process of obtaining
               these approvals and the subsequent compliance with federal and
               state statutes and regulations require spending substantial time
               and financial resources. If we fail to obtain or maintain, or
               encounter delays in obtaining or maintaining, regulatory
               approvals, it could adversely affect the marketing of any
               products we develop, our ability to receive product revenues, and
               our liquidity and capital resources.

     o    We rely on technology to operate our business and any failure of these
          systems could harm our business.
               We rely heavily on communications and information systems to
               conduct our business, enhance customer service and increase
               employee productivity. Any failure, interruption or breach in
               security of these systems could result in failures or disruptions
               in our customer relationship management, general ledger,
               inventory, manufacturing and other systems. There is no assurance
               that any such failures, interruptions or security breaches will
               not occur or, if they do occur, that they will be adequately
               addressed by our policies and procedures that are intended to
               safeguard our systems. The occurrence of any failures,
               interruptions or security breaches of our information systems
               could damage our reputation, result in a loss of customer
               business, subject us to additional regulatory scrutiny, or expose
               us to civil litigation and possible financial liability, any of
               which could have a material adverse effect on our financial
               condition and results of operations.


                                      -10-
<PAGE>


     o    We sell many of our products to healthcare providers that rely on
          Medicare, Medicaid and private health insurance plans to reimburse the
          costs associated with the procedures performed using our products and
          these third party payors may deny reimbursement for use of our
          products.
               We are dependent, in part, upon the ability of healthcare
               providers to obtain satisfactory reimbursement from third-party
               payors for medical procedures in which our products are used.
               Third-party payors may deny reimbursement if they determine that
               a prescribed product has not received appropriate regulatory
               clearances or approvals, is not used in accordance with
               cost-effective treatment methods as determined by the payor, or
               is experimental, unnecessary or inappropriate. Failure by
               hospitals and other users of our products to obtain reimbursement
               from third-party payors, or adverse changes in government and
               private third-party payors' policies toward reimbursement for
               procedures employing our products, could have a material adverse
               effect on the Company's business, financial condition and results
               of operations. Major third party payors for medical services in
               the United States and other countries continue to work to contain
               healthcare costs. The introduction of cost containment
               incentives, combined with closer scrutiny of healthcare
               expenditures by both private health insurers and employers, has
               resulted in increased discounts and contractual adjustments to
               charges for services performed. Further implementation of
               legislative or administrative reforms to the United States or
               international reimbursement systems in a manner that
               significantly reduces reimbursement for procedures using our
               products or denies coverage for such procedures would have an
               adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
               of operations. Hospitals or physicians may respond to these
               cost-containment pressures by substituting lower cost products or
               other therapies for our products.

     o    We may not be able to attract and retain skilled people
               Our success depends, in large part, on our ability to attract and
               retain key people. Competition for the best people in most
               activities we engage in can be intense and we may not be able to
               hire people or to retain them. The unexpected loss of services of
               one or more of our key personnel could have a material adverse
               impact on our business because of their skills, knowledge of our
               market, years of industry experience and the difficulty of
               promptly finding qualified replacement personnel.

     o    Severe weather, natural disasters, acts of war or terrorism or other
          external events could significantly impact our business.
               We currently conduct all our development, manufacturing and
               management at three locations. Severe weather, natural disasters,
               acts of war or terrorism and other adverse external events at any
               one or more of these locations could have a significant impact on
               our ability to conduct business. Our disaster recovery policies
               and procedures may not be effective and the occurrence of any
               such event could have a material adverse effect on our business,
               which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our
               financial condition and results of operations. The insurance we
               maintain may not be adequate to cover our losses.

     o    Our stock price can be volatile.
               Stock price volatility may make it more difficult for you to sell
               your common stock when you want and at prices you find
               attractive. Our stock price can fluctuate significantly in
               response to a variety of factors including, among other things:
               o    Actual or anticipated variations in quarterly results of
                    operations.
               o    Recommendations by securities analysts
               o    Operating and stock price performance of other companies
                    that investors deem comparable to the Company.
               o    Perceptions in the marketplace regarding the Company and our
                    competitors
               o    New technology used, or services offered, by competitors.


                                      -11-
<PAGE>


               o    Significant acquisitions or business combinations, strategic
                    partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments by or
                    involving the Company or our competitors.
               o    Failure to integrate acquisitions or realize anticipated
                    benefits from acquisitions
               o    Changes in government regulations
               o    Geopolitical conditions such as acts or threats of terrorism
                    or military conflicts.
               General market fluctuations, industry factors and general
               economic and political conditions and events, such as economic
               slowdowns or recessions, interest rate changes or credit loss
               trends, could also cause our stock price to decrease regardless
               of operating results.


ITEM 1B.  UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS

None.

ITEM 2.  PROPERTIES

The Company is headquartered in Allen, Texas, and maintains operations at that
location (108,000 square feet facility on 19 acres) as well as in Arab, Alabama
(112,000 square feet on 67 acres), and St. Petersburg, Florida (72,000 square
feet on 6 acres). Each facility houses administrative, engineering,
manufacturing, and warehousing operations. The Texas and Alabama facilities are
Company owned while the Florida facility is occupied under a lease expiring in
September 2006. The Company is currently constructing a new facility in St.
Petersburg, Florida (165,000 square feet on 10 acres) on land purchased in 2005.
The Company expects to complete the construction of this facility around
mid-year 2006 and promptly thereafter move its St. Petersburg operations to that
new facility.

The Company owns and maintains a 22-mile high-pressure steel pipeline that
transports gaseous oxygen between Decatur and Courtland, Alabama.

ITEM 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

The Company has no pending legal proceedings of the type described in Item 103
of Regulation S-K.

ITEM 4.  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

During the fourth quarter of 2005, no matters were submitted to a vote of
security holders.

Executive Officers of the Company

       Name                 Age                    Title
       ----                 ---                    -----
Emile A. Battat             67    Chairman, President and Chief Executive
                                  Officer of the Company and Chairman or
                                  President of all subsidiaries

Jeffery Strickland          47    Vice President and Chief Financial Officer,
                                  Secretary and Treasurer of the Company and
                                  Vice President or Secretary-Treasurer of
                                  all subsidiaries

The persons who are identified as executive officers of the Company currently
serve as officers of the Company and all subsidiaries. The officers of the
Company and its subsidiaries are elected annually by the respective Boards of
Directors of the Company and its subsidiaries at the first meeting of such
Boards of Directors held after the annual meetings of stockholders of such
entities. Accordingly, the terms of office of
the


                                      -12-
<PAGE>


current officers of the Company and its subsidiaries will expire at the time
such meetings of the Board of Directors of the Company and its subsidiaries are
held, which is anticipated to be in May 2006.

There are no arrangements or understandings between any officer and any other
person pursuant to which the officer was elected. There are no family
relationships between any of the executive officers or directors.

There have been no events under any bankruptcy act, no criminal proceedings and
no judgments or injunctions material to the evaluation of the ability and
integrity of any executive officers during the past five years.

Brief Account of Business Experience During the Past Five Years

Mr. Battat has been a director of the Company since 1987 and has served as
Chairman of the Board of the Company since January 1998. Mr. Battat has served
as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company and as Chairman or
President of all subsidiaries since October 1998.

Mr. Strickland has served as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer,
Secretary and Treasurer of the Company since February 1, 1997 and has served as
Vice President or Secretary-Treasurer for all the Company's subsidiaries since
January 1997. Mr. Strickland was employed by the Company or its subsidiaries in
various other positions from September 1983 through January 1997.

                                                    PART II

ITEM 5.  MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND
         ISSUER REPURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

The Company's common stock is traded on the Nasdaq National Market (Symbol
ATRI). As of February 7, 2006, the Company had approximately 1,200 stockholders,
including beneficial owners holding shares in nominee or "street" name. The high
and low closing prices as reported by Nasdaq for each quarter of 2004 and 2005
are shown below.

               Year Ended
               December 31, 2004:           High         Low
               ------------------           ----         ---
               First Quarter              $ 46.82       $38.51
               Second Quarter             $ 50.82       $40.50
               Third Quarter              $ 48.77       $43.51
               Fourth Quarter             $ 48.20       $41.69

               Year Ended
               December 31, 2005:           High         Low
               ------------------           ----         ---
               First Quarter              $ 53.56       $45.27
               Second Quarter             $ 74.55       $47.52
               Third Quarter              $ 81.28       $64.33
               Fourth Quarter             $ 69.43       $61.02

In September 2003, the Company announced that its Board of Directors had
approved a policy for the payment of regular quarterly cash dividends on the
Company's common stock. The Company began paying a quarterly cash dividend of
$.12 per share starting in September of 2003. The quarterly dividend was
increased to $.14 per share in September of 2004 and was increased to $.17 per
share in November 2005. The Company paid quarterly dividends totaling $1.1
million to its stockholders in 2005.

The following table provides certain information about securities authorized for
issuance under the Company's equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2005:


                                      -13-
<PAGE>



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                 Number of
                                              securities to be                           Number of securities
                                                issued upon        Weighted-average    remaining available for
                                                exercise of       exercise price of     future issuance under
                                                outstanding          outstanding      equity compensation plans
                                             options, warrants    options, warrants     (excluding securities
                 Plan Category                   and rights           and rights       reflected in column (a))
                                                    (a)                  (b)                     (c)
     ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                <C>                <C>                       <C>
     Equity compensation plans approved
     by security holder                            216,800            $25.34                    1,034(1)

     Equity compensation plans not
     approved by security holders                    8,300(2)         $12.25                       --
                                            ---------------------------------------------------------------------

     Total                                         225,100            $24.86                    1,034
                                            =====================================================================
</TABLE>

     (1) Consists of shares of the Company's common stock authorized for
     issuance under the Company's 1997 Stock Incentive Plan, which provides for
     the grant of nonqualified stock options, incentive stock options, stock
     appreciation rights, restricted stock and performance shares. The number of
     shares available for issuance under the 1997 Stock Incentive Plan is also
     subject to equitable adjustment by the Compensation Committee of the Board
     of Directors in the event of any change in the Company's capitalization,
     including, without limitation, a stock dividend or stock split.

     (2) Consists of shares of the Company's common stock authorized for
     issuance upon exercise of nonqualified options granted to certain of the
     Company's clinical advisors on February 10, 1998. All such options are now
     vested and expire ten years from the grant date. The exercise price of the
     options is the closing price on the Nasdaq National Market of the Company's
     common stock on the grant date.

The Company's Common Share Purchase Rights Plan, which was adopted by the
Company in 1990, and all rights thereunder expired on February 1, 2005.

During the year ended December 31, 2005, the Company did not sell any equity
securities that were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933, and during
the fourth quarter of 2005 did not repurchase any of its equity securities.


                                      -14-
<PAGE>


ITEM 6.  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

Selected Financial Data
(In thousands, except per share amounts)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                       2005     2004     2003     2002        2001
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                 <C>      <C>      <C>      <C>         <C>
Operating Results for the Year ended December 31,:

     Revenues                                       $72,089  $66,081  $62,803  $59,533     $57,605

     Operating Income                                12,698    8,596    6,923    5,782       5,820

     Income from continuing operations                8,793    6,305    4,892    4,065       4,262

     Net income                                       8,958    6,470    5,057    2,589(b)    9,754(c)

     Depreciation and amortization                    5,389    4,830    4,783    4,418       4,603

     Per Share Data:

     Income from continuing
     operations, per diluted share                     4.57     3.41     2.66     2.18        1.88

     Net income per diluted share                      4.66     3.50     2.75     1.39(b)     4.30(c)

     Cash dividends per common share                    .62      .52      .24(a)    --          --

     Average diluted shares outstanding               1,924    1,850    1,839    1,863       2,272

Financial Position at December 31,:

     Total assets                                    78,470   67,408   60,050   60,807      65,555

     Long-term debt                                   2,529    2,936    4,287   10,337      17,125
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

(a)  Dividends on outstanding common shares paid in the 3rd and 4th quarters at
     $.12 per share

(b)  Includes a $1.6 million after-tax goodwill impairment charge ($ .88 per
     diluted share)

(c)  Includes a $5.5 million after-tax gain ($ 2.42 per diluted share) from
     discontinued operations

ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
         OF OPERATIONS

Overview

The Company designs, develops, manufactures, sells and distributes products and
components, primarily for the medical and healthcare industry. The Company
markets components to other equipment manufacturers for incorporation in their
products and sells finished devices to physicians, hospitals, clinics and other
treatment centers. The Company's medical products primarily serve the fluid
delivery, cardiovascular, and ophthalmology markets. The Company's other medical
and non-medical products include obstetrics products, instrumentation and
disposables used in dialysis, contract manufacturing and valves and inflation
devices used in marine and aviation safety products. In 2005 approximately 27
percent of the Company's sales were outside the United States.

The Company's products are used in a wide variety of applications by numerous
customers, the largest of which accounted for approximately 10.8 percent of net
sales in 2005. The Company encounters


                                      -15-
<PAGE>


competition in all of its markets and competes primarily on the basis of product
quality, price, engineering, customer service and delivery time.

The Company's strategy is to provide a broad selection of products in the areas
of its expertise. Research and development efforts are focused on improving
current products and developing highly-engineered products that meet customer
needs and have the potential for broad market applications and significant
sales. Proposed new products may be subject to regulatory clearance or approval
prior to commercialization and the time period for introducing a new product to
the marketplace can be unpredictable. The Company also focuses on controlling
costs by investing in modern manufacturing technologies and controlling
purchasing processes. The Company has been successful in consistently generating
cash from operations and has used that cash to reduce indebtedness, to fund
capital expenditures, to repurchase stock and, starting in 2003, to pay
dividends.

The Company's strategic objective is to further enhance its position in its
served markets by:

     o    Focusing on customer needs;
     o    Expanding existing product lines and developing new products;
     o    Maintaining a culture of controlling cost; and
     o    Preserving and fostering a collaborative, entrepreneurial management
          structure.

For the year ended December 31, 2005, the Company reported revenues of $72.1
million, income from continuing operations of $8.8 million and net income of
$9.0 million, up 9 percent, 39 percent and 38 percent, respectively, from 2004.

Results of Operations

The Company's net income was $9.0 million, or $4.99 per basic and $4.66 per
diluted share, in 2005, compared to net income of $6.5 million, or $3.78 per
basic and $3.50 per diluted share, in 2004 and $5.1 million, or $2.96 per basic
and $2.75 per diluted share, in 2003. Revenues were $72.1 million in 2005,
compared with $66.1 million in 2004 and $62.8 million in 2003. The 9 percent
revenue increase in 2005 over the prior year was primarily attributable to a 19
percent increase in the revenues from the Company's fluid delivery products, a
16 percent increase from the Company's cardiovascular products, and a 7 percent
increase from the Company's other medical and non-medical products. These
revenue increases were generally attributable to higher sales volumes. These
increases were partially offset by a 7 percent decrease from the Company's
ophthalmic products. The 5 percent revenue increase in 2004 over the prior year
was primarily attributable to a 22 percent increase in the revenues from the
Company's cardiovascular products, a 17 percent increase from the Company's
fluid delivery products and a 7 percent increase from the Company's other
medical and non-medical products. These revenue increases were generally
attributable to higher sales volumes and were partially offset by an 18 percent
decrease in the revenues from the Company's ophthalmic products following the
completion of a contract in 2003.

The Company's cost of goods sold was $43.1 million in 2005, compared with $40.8
million in 2004 and $40.6 million in 2003. The 6 percent increase in cost of
goods sold for 2005 over 2004 was primarily related to the revenue increase
discussed above, an improved mix of product sales toward products with lower
costs and favorable manufacturing efficiencies brought on by increased volumes
and continued manufacturing cost improvement projects. The one percent increase
in cost of goods sold for 2004 over 2003 was primarily related to the revenue
increases discussed above, offset by favorable manufacturing efficiencies
brought on by increased volumes and manufacturing productivity improvements. The
shift in product mix had a favorable effect on cost of goods sold as the
products with increased revenues had lower costs than the products with lower
revenues.

Gross profit was $29.0 million in 2005, compared with $25.3 million in 2004 and
$22.2 million in 2003. The Company's gross profit in 2005 was 40 percent of
revenues compared with 38 percent of revenues in 2004 and 35 percent of revenues
in 2003. The increase in gross profit percentage in 2005 from the prior year was
primarily due to the favorable shift in product mix mentioned above,
productivity improvements and


                                      -16-
<PAGE>


improved manufacturing efficiencies. The increase in gross profit percentage in
2004 from the prior year was primarily due to the above-mentioned improvement in
manufacturing variances.

Operating expenses were $16.3 million in 2005, compared with $16.7 million in
2004 and $15.3 million in 2003. The decrease in operating expenses in 2005 from
2004 was primarily related to decreased general and administrative ("G&A")
expenses. G&A expenses consist primarily of salaries and other related expenses
of administrative, executive and financial personnel and outside professional
fees. The decrease in G&A is primarily attributable to reduced legal costs
partially offset by increases in compensation and costs related to information
technology enhancements. The increase in operating expenses in 2004 from 2003
was primarily attributable to increased G&A and research and development ("R&D")
expenses. The increase in G&A expenses in 2004 was primarily attributable to
increased legal costs and compensation. R&D expenses consist primarily of
salaries and other related expenses of the research and development personnel as
well as costs associated with regulatory expenses. The increase in R&D expenses
in 2004 was primarily related to increased legal costs related to patents. The
Company anticipates that G&A expenses are likely to increase in the foreseeable
future but at a rate less than the anticipated rate of increase in revenues. The
Company anticipates that R&D expenses will continue at approximately the current
level for the foreseeable future. Selling ("Selling") expenses consist primarily
of salaries, commissions and other related expenses for sales and marketing
personnel, marketing, advertising and promotional expenses. The Company
anticipates that Selling expenses are likely to increase in the foreseeable
future but at a rate less than the anticipated rate of increase in revenues.

The Company's operating income for 2005 was $12.7 million, compared with $8.6
million in 2004 and $6.9 million in 2003. The previously mentioned increase in
gross profit along with the decrease in operating expenses were the major
contributors to the operating income improvement in 2005. The previously
mentioned increase in gross profit along with cost containment and cost
reduction activities were the major contributors to the operating income
improvements in 2004.

Interest expense was $61,000 in 2005 compared to $93,000 in 2004 and $195,000 in
2003. The decrease in 2005 was primarily related to lower average borrowings
partially offset by increased interest rates during 2005 as compared with 2004.
The decrease in 2004 was primarily related to lower average borrowings during
2004 as compared with 2003. The Company's other income for 2004 was primarily
related to the sale of non-operational assets.

Income tax expense in 2005 totaled $3.9 million, compared with $2.3 million in
2004 and $1.9 million in 2003. The effective tax rates for 2005, 2004 and 2003
were 30.7 percent, 26.6 percent and 27.8 percent, respectively. Benefits from
tax incentives for exports and R&D expenditures totaled $534,000 in 2005,
$516,000 in 2004 and $350,000 in 2003. The higher effective tax rate in 2005 is
primarily a result of benefits from tax incentives for exports and R&D
expenditures being a lesser percentage of taxable income in 2005 than in
2004.The lower effective tax rate in 2004 is primarily a result of benefits from
tax incentives for exports and R&D expenditures being a larger percentage of
taxable income in 2004 than in 2003.

The Company believes that 2006 revenues will be higher than 2005 revenues and
that the cost of goods sold, gross profit, operating income and income from
continuing operations will each be higher in 2006 than in 2005. In 2006, the
Company further believes that it will have continuing volume growth in most of
its product lines, complemented by the introduction of new products, and that it
will achieve continued growth in operating income.

Discontinued Operations

During 1997, the Company sold all of its natural gas operations. The financial
statements presented herein reflect the Company's natural gas operations as
discontinued operations for all periods presented. The financial statements also
reflect an after-tax gain on disposal of these discontinued operations of $0.2
million, or $.09 per basic share in 2005 and $.10 per basic share, in each of
2004 and 2003, and $.09 per


                                      -17-
<PAGE>


diluted share, in each of 2005, 2004 and 2003.

In addition to the initial consideration received in 1997 upon the sale of the
natural gas operations, certain annual contingent deferred payments of up to
$250,000 per year were to be paid to the Company over an eight-year period which
began in 1999, with the amount paid each year to be dependent upon revenues
received by the purchaser from certain gas transportation contracts. The Company
received deferred payments of $250,000 each, before tax, from the purchaser in
April 2005, 2004 and 2003 which are reflected in each year as a gain from
discontinued operations of $165,000, net of tax.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

The Company has a $25.0 million revolving credit facility (the "Credit
Facility") with a money center bank to be utilized for the funding of operations
and for major capital projects or acquisitions, subject to certain limitations
and restrictions (see Note 4 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements).
Borrowings under the Credit Facility bear interest that is payable monthly at
30-day, 60-day or 90-day LIBOR, as selected by the Company, plus one percent. At
December 31, 2005, the Company had $22.5 million available to borrow under the
Credit Facility.

At December 31, 2005, the Company had cash and cash equivalents of $525,000
compared with $255,000 at December 31, 2004. The Company had outstanding
borrowings of $2.5 million under its Credit Facility at December 31, 2005 and
$2.9 million at December 31, 2004. The Credit Facility, which expires November
11, 2009, and may be extended under certain circumstances, contains various
restrictive covenants, none of which is expected to impact the Company's
liquidity or capital resources. At December 31, 2005, the Company was in
compliance with all financial covenants.

Cash flows from continuing operations generated $9.9 million in 2005 as compared
to $11.0 million in 2004. The primary contributor to this decrease was an
increase in inventories. Cash provided by operating activities consists
primarily of net income adjusted for certain non-cash items and changes in
working capital items. Non-cash items include depreciation and amortization and
deferred income taxes. Working capital items consist primarily of accounts
receivable, accounts payable, inventories and other current assets and other
current liabilities. The $541,000 increase in working capital during 2005 was
primarily related to increases in inventories partially offset by a decrease in
land deposit. The increase in inventories was primarily attributable to a
program to purchase critical raw materials in larger volumes to take advantage
of quantity discounts and to hedge against future price increases. In addition,
the Company began to increase its inventory of finished goods to reflect
increasing sales and to assure uninterrupted deliveries to the Company's
customers when the Florida facility is relocated to a new facility in St.
Petersburg, Florida in mid-year 2006. The decrease in land deposits is related
to the completion of the purchase of ten acres of land for the new St.
Petersburg facility for which the Company had made a $3.75 million deposit.

Capital expenditures for property, plant and equipment totaled $10.6 million in
2005, compared with $5.6 million in 2004 and $4.2 million in 2003. Of the $10.6
million expended for the addition of property, plant and equipment during 2005,
the Company expended $4.6 million toward the construction of its new St.
Petersburg facility for its Halkey-Roberts operation. In 2004, the Company
expended $3.75 million for the purchase of ten acres of land being used for this
construction. The Company anticipates spending an additional $12.0 million in
2006 to complete the construction of the new facility. The Company is planning
to complete the construction of this facility and move the Halkey-Roberts
operation into the facility around mid-year 2006 (See Note 12).

During 2005 the Company reduced its outstanding borrowings under the Credit
Facility by $407,000. During 2004, the Company expended $84,000 for the purchase
of the Company's common stock. During 2003, the Company expended $4.9 million
for the purchase of the Company's common stock. Included in this amount was $4.1
million used in April 2004 for the completion of a tender offer in which a total
of


                                      -18-
<PAGE>


173,614 shares of common stock were repurchased at a price of $23.00 per share.

In September 2003, the Company announced that its Board of Directors had
approved a policy for the payment of regular quarterly cash dividends on the
Company's common stock. During 2005 the Company paid dividends totaling $1.1
million to its stockholders and received $2.3 million from the exercise of stock
options.

The table below summarizes debt, lease and other contractual obligations
outstanding at December 31, 2005:

                                                 Payments due by period
                                      ------------------------------------------
                                                      2007-   2009-    2011 and
     Contractual Obligations           Total   2006    2008    2010   thereafter
                                      ------------------------------------------
                                                          (In thousands)

          Credit Facility             $2,529      --      --  $  212  $    2,317

          Operating Leases            $  321  $  321      --      --          --

          Purchase Obligations        $5,845  $5,799  $   46      --          --
                                      ------------------------------------------

          Total                       $8,695  $6,120  $   46  $  212  $    2,317
                                      ==========================================

The payment schedule for the Credit Facility assumes at maturity, November 2009,
the Company will convert this outstanding debt to a two-year term note as
permitted by the terms of the agreement. The payment schedule for the operating
lease assumes the lease expires in September 2006 (see Note 12 of Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements).

The Company believes that its existing cash and cash equivalents, cash flows
from operations and borrowings available under the Company's Credit Facility,
supplemented, if necessary, with equity or debt financing, which the Company
believes would be available, will be sufficient to fund the Company's cash
requirements for at least the foreseeable future.

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements

Companies sometimes establish legal entities for a specific business transaction
or activity in the form of a Variable Interest Entity ("VIE"). VIEs may be used
to facilitate off-balance sheet financing, acquire financial assets, raise cash
from owned assets and similar transactions. The Company has no VIEs, no
off-balance sheet financing arrangements and no derivative financial
instruments.

Impact of Inflation

The Company experiences the effects of inflation primarily in the prices it pays
for labor, materials and services. Over the last three years, the Company has
experienced the effects of moderate inflation in these costs. At times, the
Company has been able to offset a portion of these increased costs by increasing
the sales prices of its products. However, competitive pressures have not
allowed for full recovery of these cost increases.


                                      -19-
<PAGE>


New Accounting Pronouncements

In December 2004, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued a
revision of FASB Statement No. 123, "Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation"
("SFAS No. 123R"). In addition to SFAS No. 123R the FASB issued Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards ("SFAS") No. 151, "Inventory Costs," which amends
Accounting Review Bulletin 43, Chapter 4, "Inventory Pricing." The impact to the
Company for these items is described in Note 1 of Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements.

Critical Accounting Policies

The discussion and analysis of the Company's financial condition and results of
operations are based on the Company's consolidated financial statements, which
have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. In the preparation of these financial
statements, the Company makes estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosures
of contingent assets and liabilities. The Company believes the following
discussion addresses the Company's most critical accounting policies and
estimates, which are those that are most important to the portrayal of the
Company's financial condition and results and require management's most
difficult, subjective and complex judgments, often as a result of the need to
make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. Actual
results could differ significantly from those estimates under different
assumptions and conditions.

During 2005, the Company accrued for legal costs associated with certain
litigation. The Company believes these accruals are adequate to cover the legal
fees and expenses associated with litigating these matters. However, the time
and cost required to litigate these matters as well as the outcomes of the
proceedings may vary from what the Company has projected.

The Company assesses the impairment of its long-lived identifiable assets,
excluding goodwill which is tested for impairment pursuant to SFAS No. 142 as
explained below, whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
carrying value may not be recoverable. This review is based upon projections of
anticipated future cash flows. While the Company believes that its estimates of
future cash flows are reasonable, different assumptions regarding such cash
flows or future changes in the Company's business plan could materially affect
its evaluations. No such changes are anticipated at this time.

The Company assesses goodwill for impairment pursuant to SFAS No. 142 which
requires that goodwill be assessed whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable, or, at a minimum, on an
annual basis by applying a fair value test.


Forward-looking Statements

The statements in this Management's Discussion and Analysis and elsewhere in
this annual report on Form 10-K that are forward-looking are based upon current
expectations, and actual results or future events may differ materially.
Therefore, the inclusion of such forward-looking information should not be
regarded as a representation by the Company that the objectives or plans of the
Company will be achieved. Such statements include, but are not limited to, the
Company's expectations regarding future revenues, cost of goods sold, gross
profit, operating income, income from continuing operations, cash flows from
operations, growth in product lines, and availability of equity and debt
financing. Words such as "anticipates," "believes," "intends," "expects,"
"should" and variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to
identify such forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements contained
herein involve numerous risks and uncertainties, and there are a number of
factors that could cause actual results or future events to differ materially,
including, but not limited to, the following: changing economic, market


                                      -20-
<PAGE>


and business conditions; acts of war or terrorism; the effects of governmental
regulation; the impact of competition and new technologies;
slower-than-anticipated introduction of new products or implementation of
marketing strategies; implementation of new manufacturing processes or
implementation of new information systems; the Company's ability to protect its
intellectual property; changes in the prices of raw materials; changes in
product mix; intellectual property and product liability claims and product
recalls; the ability to attract and retain qualified personnel and the loss of
any significant customers. In addition, assumptions relating to budgeting,
marketing, product development and other management decisions are subjective in
many respects and thus susceptible to interpretations and periodic review which
may cause the Company to alter its marketing, capital expenditures or other
budgets, which in turn may affect the Company's results of operations and
financial condition.

ITEM 7A.  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

Interest Rates

Borrowings under the Credit Facility bear interest at 30-day, 60-day or 90-day
LIBOR, as selected by the Company, plus one percent. The Company is subject to
interest rate risk based on an adverse change in the 30-day, 60-day or the
90-day LIBOR. At December 31, 2005, the Company had borrowings under the Credit
Facility of $2.5 million. A one percent increase in the market interest rate
would reduce the Company's annual pretax income by approximately $25,000 at the
current borrowing level.


                                      -21-
<PAGE>


ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

            Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

Board of Directors and
Stockholders of Atrion Corporation

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Atrion
Corporation and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2005 and 2004, and the related
consolidated statements of income, changes in stockholders' equity and cash
flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2005. These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial
statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a
test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present
fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Atrion
Corporation and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2005 and 2004, and the results
of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the
period ended December 31, 2005, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America.

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the effectiveness of Atrion
Corporation and subsidiaries' internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2005, based on criteria established in Internal Control--Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (COSO), and our report dated March 13, 2006 expressed an unqualified
opinion on management's assessment that Atrion Corporation and subsidiaries'
internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2005, was effective
based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by
the Committee of Sponsoring Organization of the Treadway Commission (COSO) and
an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of Atrion Corporation and
subsidiaries' internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2005,
based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by
the Committee of Sponsoring Organization of the Treadway Commission (COSO).



/s/ Grant Thornton LLP
Dallas, Texas
March 13, 2006


                                      -22-
<PAGE>


                       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME
             (For the year ended December 31, 2005, 2004 and 2003)


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                   2005       2004       2003
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                     (In thousands, except
                                                       per share amounts)

Revenues                                         $ 72,089   $ 66,081   $ 62,803
Cost of Goods Sold                                 43,119     40,804     40,564
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Gross Profit                                       28,970     25,277     22,239
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Operating Expenses:
      Selling                                       5,637      5,676      5,594
      General and administrative                    8,239      8,631      7,576
      Research and development                      2,396      2,374      2,146
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                   16,272     16,681     15,316
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Operating Income                                   12,698      8,596      6,923

Interest Income                                        37         45         69
Interest Expense                                      (61)       (93)      (195)
Other Income (Expense), net                            10         46        (26)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income from Continuing Operations before
  Provision for Income Taxes                       12,684      8,594      6,771

Income Tax Provision                               (3,891)    (2,289)    (1,879)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Income from Continuing Operations                   8,793      6,305      4,892

Gain on Disposal of Discontinued Operations,
  net of tax                                          165        165        165
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Net Income                                       $  8,958   $  6,470   $  5,057
===============================================================================

Income Per Basic Share:
      Continuing operations                      $   4.90   $   3.68   $   2.86
      Discontinued operations                         .09        .10        .10
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Net Income Per Basic Share                       $   4.99   $   3.78   $   2.96
===============================================================================

Weighted Average Basic Shares Outstanding           1,794      1,711      1,711
===============================================================================

Income Per Diluted Share:
      Continuing operations                      $   4.57   $   3.41   $   2.66
      Discontinued operations                         .09        .09        .09
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Net Income Per Diluted Share                     $   4.66   $   3.50   $   2.75
===============================================================================

Weighted Average Diluted Shares Outstanding         1,924      1,850      1,839
===============================================================================

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.


                                      -23-
<PAGE>


                          CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
                        As of December 31, 2005 and 2004


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Assets:                                                           2005     2004
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                 (In thousands)

Current Assets:
    Cash and cash equivalents                                   $   525  $   255
    Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful
      accounts of $65 and $118 in 2005 and 2004, respectively     8,291    7,588
    Inventories                                                  17,705   14,013
    Prepaid expenses                                                832    1,028
      Land deposit                                                   --    3,750
    Deferred income taxes                                           620    1,039
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                 27,973   27,673
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Property, Plant and Equipment                                    63,041   50,402
Less accumulated depreciation and amortization                   27,787   25,071
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                 35,254   25,331
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Other Assets and Deferred Charges:
    Patents and licenses, net of accumulated
      amortization of $8,877 and 7,853 in 2005
      and 2004, respectively                                      2,331    1,895
    Goodwill                                                      9,730    9,730
    Other                                                         3,182    2,779
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                 15,243   14,404
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                $78,470  $67,408
================================================================================

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.


                                      -24-
<PAGE>


                          CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
                        As of December 31, 2005 and 2004


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity:                          2005       2004
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                               (In thousands)

Current Liabilities:
    Accounts payable                                        $  4,501   $  3,788
    Accrued liabilities                                        2,627      3,358
    Accrued income and other taxes                             1,098      1,321
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                               8,226      8,467
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Line of Credit                                                 2,529      2,936
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Other Liabilities and Deferred Credits:
    Deferred income taxes                                      4,344      4,263
    Other                                                      1,476      1,139
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                               5,820      5,402
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Commitments and Contingencies

Stockholders' Equity:
    Common stock, par value $.10 per share, authorized
      10,000 shares, issued 3,420 shares                         342        342
    Additional paid-in capital                                12,508     10,013
    Retained earnings                                         82,318     74,479
    Treasury shares, 1,586 shares in 2005 and 1,701 shares
      in 2004, at cost                                       (33,273)   (34,231)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                              61,895     50,603
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                            $ 78,470   $ 67,408
===============================================================================

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.


                                      -25-
<PAGE>


                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
              (For the year ended December 31, 2005, 2004 and 2003)


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                            2005       2004       2003
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                  (In thousands)
<S>                                                       <C>        <C>        <C>
Cash Flows From Operating Activities:
   Net income                                             $  8,958   $  6,470   $  5,057
   Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash
     provided by operating activities:
     Gain on disposal of discontinued operations              (165)      (165)      (165)
     Depreciation and amortization                           5,389      4,830      4,783
     Deferred income taxes                                     500        487      1,639
     Tax benefit related to stock options                    1,168         90        515
     Other                                                      10         20         34
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                            15,860     11,732     11,863
   Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
     Accounts receivable                                      (703)    (1,362)       495
     Inventories                                            (3,692)    (2,698)    (1,003)
     Prepaid expenses                                          196        866        379
      Other non-current assets                              (1,863)       542        (29)
     Accounts payable and accrued liabilities                  (18)     1,109      1,008
      Accrued income and other taxes                          (223)       670       (208)
      Other non-current liabilities                            337        165        199
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Net cash provided by continuing operations                9,894     11,024     12,704
   Net cash provided by discontinued operations (Note 3)       165        165        165
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                            10,059     11,189     12,869
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cash Flows From Investing Activities:
   Property, plant and equipment additions                 (10,569)    (5,570)    (4,215)
   Deposit on land purchase                                     --     (3,750)        --
   Property, plant and equipment sales                          21         --         --
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                           (10,548)    (9,320)    (4,215)
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Cash Flows From Financing Activities:
   Net change in line of credit                               (407)    (1,351)    (6,050)
   Exercise of stock options                                 2,285        414      2,656
   Purchase of treasury stock                                   --        (84)    (4,909)
   Dividends paid                                           (1,119)      (891)      (406)
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                               759     (1,912)    (8,709)
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Net change in cash and cash equivalents                        270        (43)       (55)

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year                   255        298        353
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cash and cash equivalents, end of year                    $    525   $    255   $    298
========================================================================================

Cash paid for:
   Interest (net of capitalization)                       $     62   $     96   $    207
   Income taxes                                              2,508        716        554
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.


                                      -26-
<PAGE>


            CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
              (For the year ended December 31, 2005, 2004 and 2003)
                                 (In thousands)


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                     Common Stock             Treasury Stock
                               ----------------------------------------------------
                                                                                      Additional
                                  Shares                                                Paid-in     Retained
                               Outstanding     Amount       Shares        Amount        Capital     Earnings        Total
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                            <C>           <C>          <C>           <C>           <C>          <C>           <C>
Balance, January 1, 2003             1,706   $       342        1,714   $   (31,122)  $     8,222  $    64,249   $    41,691

   Net income                                                                                            5,057         5,057
   Tax benefit from exercise
     of stock  options                                                                        515                        515
   Exercise of stock options           187                       (187)        1,720           936                      2,656
   Purchase of treasury stock         (193)                       193        (4,909)                                  (4,909)
   Dividends                                                                                              (406)         (406)
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance, December 31, 2003           1,700           342        1,720       (34,311)        9,673       68,900        44,604

   Net income                                                                                            6,470         6,470
   Tax benefit from exercise
     of stock  options                                                                         90                         90
   Exercise of stock options            21                        (21)          164           250                        414
   Purchase of treasury stock           (2)                         2           (84)                                     (84)
   Dividends                                                                                              (891)         (891)
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance, December 31, 2004           1,719           342        1,701       (34,231)       10,013       74,479        50,603

   Net income                                                                                            8,958         8,958
   Tax benefit from exercise
     of stock  options                                                                      1,168                      1,168
   Exercise of stock options           115                       (115)          958         1,327                      2,285
   Dividends                                                                                            (1,119)       (1,119)
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance, December 31, 2005           1,834   $       342        1,586   $   (33,273)  $    12,508  $    82,318   $    61,895
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

The accompanying notes are an integral part of this statement.


                                      -27-
<PAGE>


                              Atrion Corporation
                  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(1)  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

     Atrion Corporation ("Atrion") and its subsidiaries (collectively, the
     "Company") design, develop, manufacture, sell and distribute products
     primarily for the medical and healthcare industry. The Company markets its
     products throughout the United States and internationally. The Company's
     customers include hospitals, distributors, and other manufacturers. The
     principal subsidiaries of Atrion through which these operations are
     conducted are Atrion Medical Products, Inc. ("Atrion Medical Products"),
     Halkey-Roberts Corporation ("Halkey-Roberts") and Quest Medical, Inc.
     ("Quest Medical").

     Principles of Consolidation
     The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Atrion and
     its subsidiaries. All significant intercompany transactions and balances
     have been eliminated in consolidation.

     Fair Value
     The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable and
     accounts payable approximate fair value due to the short-term nature of
     these items. The carrying amount of debt approximates fair value as the
     interest rate is tied to market rates.

     Estimates
     The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting
     principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires
     management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
     amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and
     liabilities at the dates of the financial statements and the reported
     amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual
     results could differ from those estimates.

     Cash and Cash Equivalents
     Cash equivalents are securities with original maturities of 90 days or
     less.

     Trade Receivables
     Trade accounts receivable are recorded at the original sales price to the
     customer. The Company maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts to
     reflect estimated losses resulting from the inability of customers to make
     required payments. On an ongoing basis, the collectibility of accounts
     receivable is assessed based upon historical collection trends, current
     economic factors and the assessment of the collectibility of specific
     accounts. The Company evaluates the collectibility of specific accounts and
     determines when to grant credit to its customers using a combination of
     factors, including the age of the outstanding balances, evaluation of
     customers' current and past financial condition, recent payment history,
     current economic environment, and discussions with appropriate Company
     personnel and with the customers directly. Accounts are written off when it
     is determined the receivable will not be collected.


                                      -28-
<PAGE>


                              Atrion Corporation
           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)


     Inventories
     Inventories are stated at the lower of cost (including materials, direct
     labor and applicable overhead) or market. Cost is determined by using the
     first-in, first-out method. The following table details the major
     components of inventory (in thousands):

                                                     December 31,
                                                   2005        2004
          ------------------------------------------------------------
            Raw materials                        $ 6,898     $ 5,665
            Work in process                        4,291       3,753
            Finished goods                         6,516       4,595
          ------------------------------------------------------------
            Total inventories                    $17,705     $14,013
          ------------------------------------------------------------

     Income Taxes
     The Company utilizes the asset and liability approach to financial
     accounting and reporting for income taxes. Deferred income tax assets and
     liabilities are computed annually for differences between the financial
     reporting basis and the tax basis of the Company's other assets and
     liabilities. These amounts are based on tax laws and rates applicable to
     the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income.

     Property, Plant and Equipment
     Property, plant and equipment is stated at cost and depreciated using the
     straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets.
     Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are charged to expense as
     incurred. The following table represents a summary of property, plant and
     equipment at original cost (in thousands):

                                                December 31,
                                             ----------------   Useful
                                               2005     2004    Lives
        ----------------------------------------------------------------
        Land                                 $ 5,284  $ 1,506         --
        Buildings                             13,982    9,147  30-40 yrs
        Machinery and equipment               43,775   39,749   3-10 yrs
        ----------------------------------------------------------------
        Total property, plant and equipment  $63,041  $50,402
        ----------------------------------------------------------------

     Depreciation expense of $4,365,005, $4,408,000 and $4,442,000 was recorded
     for the years ended December 31, 2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively.

     Capitalized interest related to the construction of a new facility at
     Halkey-Roberts in the amount of $26,850 was recorded during 2005.


                                      -29-
<PAGE>


                              Atrion Corporation
           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)


     Patents and Licenses
     Cost for patents and licenses acquired is determined at acquisition date.
     Patents and licenses are amortized over the useful lives of the individual
     patents and licenses, which are from 7 to 19 years. Patents and licenses
     are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
     indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable.

     Goodwill
     Goodwill represents the excess of cost over the fair value of tangible and
     identifiable intangible net assets acquired. Annual impairment testing for
     goodwill is done using a fair value-based test. Goodwill is also reviewed
     periodically for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
     indicate a change in value may have occurred. The Company has identified
     three reporting units where goodwill was recorded for purposes of testing
     goodwill impairment annually: (1) Atrion Medical Products (2)
     Halkey-Roberts and (3) Quest Medical. The carrying amount for goodwill in
     each of the three years ended December 31, 2005, 2004 and 2003 was
     $9,730,000.

     Current Accrued Liabilities
     The items comprising current accrued liabilities are as follows (in
     thousands):

                                                   December 31,
                                                   2005    2004
          --------------------------------------------------------
            Accrued payroll and related expenses  $1,277  $1,106
            Accrued vacation                         261     517
            Accrued professional fees                427   1,255
            Other accrued liabilities                662     480
          --------------------------------------------------------
            Total accrued liabilities             $2,627  $3,358
          ========================================================

     Revenues
     The Company recognizes revenue when its products are shipped to its
     customers and distributors, provided an arrangement exists, the fee is
     fixed and determinable and collectibility is reasonably assured. All risks
     and rewards of ownership pass to the customer upon shipment. Net sales
     represent gross sales invoiced to customers, less certain related charges,
     including discounts, returns and other allowances. Returns, discounts and
     other allowances have been insignificant historically.

     Shipping and Handling Policy
     Shipping and handling fees charged to customers are reported as revenue and
     all shipping and handling costs incurred related to products sold are
     reported as cost of goods sold.

     Research and Development Costs
     Research and development costs relating to the development of new products
     and improvements of existing products are expensed as incurred.

     Advertising
     Advertising production costs are expensed as incurred. Media for print
     placement costs are expensed in the period the advertising appears. Total
     advertising expenses were approximately $219,000, $161,000 and $146,000 for
     the years ended December 31, 2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively.


                                      -30-
<PAGE>


                              Atrion Corporation
           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)


     Stock-Based Compensation

     At December 31, 2005, the Company had two stock-based employee compensation
     plans, which are described more fully in Note 8. The Company accounts for
     those plans under the recognition and measurement principles of Accounting
     Principles Board ("APB") Opinion No. 25, "Accounting for Stock Issued to
     Employees," and related interpretations. No stock-based employee
     compensation cost is reflected in net income, as all options granted under
     those plans had an exercise price equal to the market value of the
     underlying common stock on the date of grant.

     In December 2004, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued
     a revision of FASB Statement No. 123, "Accounting for Stock-Based
     Compensation" ("SFAS No. 123R"). SFAS No. 123R supersedes APB Opinion No.
     25, "Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees" and requires a public entity
     to measure the cost of employee services received in exchange for an award
     of equity instruments based on the grant-date fair value of the award, and
     recognize that cost over the vesting period. SFAS No. 123R is effective for
     the Company's first annual period beginning after June 15, 2005. The
     Company will begin recognizing option expense starting January 1, 2006.
     Since most of the Company's outstanding options will have vested prior to
     January 1, 2006, the amount of expense to be recognized for options
     starting in the first quarter of 2006 is not expected to be significant.

     The following table illustrates the effect on net income and income per
     share if the Company had applied the fair value recognition provisions of
     SFAS No. 123R to stock-based employee compensation:

                                                       Year ended December 31,
                                                      -------------------------
                                                       2005     2004     2003
                                                      -------  -------  -------
                                                        (In thousands, except
                                                          per share amounts)

     Net income, as reported                          $ 8,958  $ 6,470  $ 5,057

     Deduct: Total stock-based employee
          compensation expense determined under
          fair value-based methods for all awards,
          net of tax effects                             (129)    (658)    (526)
                                                      -------  -------  -------
     Pro forma net income                             $ 8,829  $ 5,812  $ 4,531
                                                      =======  =======  =======
     Income per share:
           Basic - as reported                        $  4.99  $  3.78  $  2.96
                                                      =======  =======  =======
           Basic - pro forma                          $  4.92  $  3.40  $  2.65
                                                      =======  =======  =======

           Diluted - as reported                      $  4.66  $  3.50  $  2.75
                                                      =======  =======  =======
           Diluted - pro forma                        $  4.59  $  3.14  $  2.46
                                                      =======  =======  =======


                                      -31-
<PAGE>


                              Atrion Corporation
           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)


     New Accounting Pronouncements

     In addition to SFAS No. 123R more fully discussed above, the FASB issued
     Statement of Financial Accounting Standards ("SFAS") No. 151, "Inventory
     Costs," which amends Accounting Research Bulletin 43, Chapter 4, "Inventory
     Pricing," to clarify that abnormal amounts of idle facility expense,
     freight, handling costs and spoilage should be recognized as current period
     expenses. Also, the statement requires fixed overhead costs to be allocated
     to inventory based on normal production capacity. SFAS No. 151 is effective
     for inventory costs incurred in fiscal years beginning after June 15, 2005.
     The Company does not expect the adoption of this pronouncement to have a
     material impact on its financial statements.

(2)  Patents and Licenses

     Purchased patents and licenses paid for the use of other entities' patents
     are amortized over the useful life of the patent or license. Patents and
     licenses are as follows (dollars in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
               December 31, 2005                                  December 31, 2004
------------------------------------------------   ----------------------------------------------
 Weighted Average       Gross                       Weighted Average     Gross
  Original Life       Carrying     Accumulated        Original Life     Carrying    Accumulated
     (years)           Amount      Amortization          (years)         Amount     Amortization
------------------  ------------  --------------   ------------------  ----------  --------------
<S>                 <C>           <C>              <C>                 <C>         <C>
    14.74            $ 11,208        $ 8,877             15.15          $ 9,748       $ 7,853
</TABLE>

     Aggregate amortization expense for patents and licenses was $1,024,000 for
     2005, $422,000 for 2004 and $341,000 for 2003. Estimated future
     amortization expense for each of the years set forth below ending December
     31, is as follows (in thousands):

                               2006         $ 305
                               2007         $ 294
                               2008         $ 277
                               2009         $ 258
                               2010         $ 244

(3)  Discontinued Operations

     During 1997, the Company sold all of its natural gas operations. The
     consolidated financial statements presented herein reflect the Company's
     natural gas operations as discontinued operations for all periods
     presented. The consolidated financial statements reflect a gain on disposal
     of these discontinued operations of $165,000 in each of 2005, 2004 and
     2003. These amounts are net of income tax expense of $85,000 in each of the
     three years.

     In addition to the initial consideration received in 1997 upon the sale of
     the natural gas operations, certain annual contingent deferred payments of
     up to $250,000 per year were to be paid to the Company over an eight-year
     period which began in 1999, with the amount paid each year to be dependent
     upon revenues received by the purchaser from certain gas transportation
     contracts. The Company received deferred payments of $250,000 each, before
     tax, from the purchaser in April 2005, 2004 and 2003 which are reflected in
     each year as a gain from discontinued operations of $165,000, net of tax.


                                      -32-
<PAGE>


                              Atrion Corporation
           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)


(4)  Line of Credit

     The Company has a revolving credit facility ("Credit Facility") with a
     money center bank. Under the Credit Facility, the Company and certain of
     its subsidiaries have a line of credit of $25 million which is secured by
     substantially all inventories, equipment and accounts receivable of the
     Company. Interest under the Credit Facility is assessed at 30-day, 60-day
     or 90-day LIBOR, as selected by the Company, plus one percent (5.25 percent
     at December 31, 2005) and is payable monthly. At December 31, 2005 and
     2004, $2.5 million and $2.9 million, respectively, was outstanding under
     the line of credit. The Credit Facility expires November 12, 2009 and may
     be extended under certain circumstances. At any time during the term, the
     Company may convert any or all outstanding amounts under the Credit
     Facility to a term loan with a maturity of two years. The Company's ability
     to borrow funds under the Credit Facility from time to time is contingent
     on meeting certain covenants in the loan agreement, the most restrictive of
     which is the ratio of total debt to earnings before interest, income tax,
     depreciation and amortization. At December 31, 2005, the Company was in
     compliance with all financial covenants.

(5)  Income Taxes

     The items comprising income tax expense for continuing operations are as
     follows (in thousands):

                                                    Year ended December 31,
                                              ----------------------------------
                                               2005          2004          2003
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Current -- Federal                            $3,189        $1,807        $  914
        -- State                                 257            91            32
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                               3,446         1,898           946
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Deferred -- Federal                              408           380           912
         -- State                                 37            11            21
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                 445           391           933
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Total income tax expense                      $3,891        $2,289        $1,879
================================================================================


                                      -33-
<PAGE>


                              Atrion Corporation
           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)


     Temporary differences and carryforwards which have given rise to deferred
     income tax assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2005 and 2004 are as
     follows (in thousands):

                                                          2005      2004
                                                        ------------------
     Deferred tax assets:
          Benefit plans                                 $    471  $    517
          Inventories                                        448       413
          Patents and goodwill                                --       187
          Other                                               63       443
                                                        ------------------
              Total deferred tax assets                 $    982  $  1,560
                                                        ==================
     Deferred tax liabilities:
          Property, plant and equipment                 $  3,930  $  4,222
          Pensions                                           488       562
          Patents and goodwill                               288        --
                                                        ------------------
              Total deferred tax liabilities            $  4,706  $  4,784
                                                        ==================

          Net deferred tax liability                    $  3,724  $  3,224
                                                        ==================

     Balance Sheet classification:
          Non-current deferred income tax liability     $  4,344  $  4,263
          Current deferred income tax asset                  620     1,039
                                                        ------------------
          Net deferred tax liability                    $  3,724  $  3,224
                                                        ==================

     Total income tax expense for continuing operations differs from the amount
     that would be provided by applying the statutory federal income tax rate
     to pretax earnings as illustrated below (in thousands):

                                                       Year ended December 31,
                                                    ---------------------------
                                                      2005      2004      2003
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income tax expense at the statutory
     federal income tax rate                        $ 4,313   $ 2,922   $ 2,298
Increase (decrease) resulting from:
     State income taxes                                 210        67        34
     R&D credit                                        (100)      (75)     (100)
     Foreign sales benefit                             (434)     (441)     (250)
     Other, net                                         (98)     (184)     (103)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total income tax expense                            $ 3,891   $ 2,289   $ 1,879
===============================================================================

(6)  Stockholders' Equity

     The Board of Directors of the Company has at various times authorized
     repurchases of Company stock in open-market or negotiated transactions at
     such times and at such prices as management may from time to time decide.
     There were no repurchases made in 2005, but the Company has effected a
     number of open-market or negotiated transactions to purchase its stock
     during the previous years. These repurchases totaled 1,900 and 20,200
     shares during the years 2004 and 2003, respectively, at per share prices
     ranging from $23.43 to $44.16. As of December 31, 2005, authorization for
     the repurchase of up to 92,100 additional shares remained. The Company


                                      -34-
<PAGE>


                              Atrion Corporation
           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)


     purchased 173,614 shares of its common stock at $23.00 per share in April
     2003 pursuant to a tender offer. All shares purchased in the tender offer
     and in the open-market or negotiated transactions became treasury shares
     upon repurchase by the Company.

     In September 2003, the Company announced that it had adopted a policy for
     the payment of regular quarterly cash dividends on the Company's common
     stock. The Company began paying a quarterly cash dividend of $.12 per share
     starting in September of 2003. The quarterly dividend was increased to $.14
     per share in September of 2004 and to $.17 per share in September of 2005.

(7)  Income Per Share

     The following is the computation for basic and diluted income per share
     from continuing operations:

                                                         Year ended December 31,
                                                        ------------------------
                                                         2005     2004     2003
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                         (In thousands, except
                                                           per share amounts)


Income from continuing operations                       $8,793   $6,305   $4,892
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Weighted average basic shares outstanding                1,794    1,711    1,711
Add:  Effect of dilutive securities (options)              130      139      128
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Weighted average diluted shares outstanding              1,924    1,850    1,839
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Income per share from continuing operations:
    Basic                                               $ 4.90   $ 3.68   $ 2.86
    Diluted                                             $ 4.57   $ 3.41   $ 2.66
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

     For the years ended December 31, 2004 and 2003, options to purchase
     approximately 26,000 and 25,250 shares of common stock, respectively, were
     not included in the computation of diluted income per share because their
     effect would have been antidilutive.

(8)  Stock Option Plans

     The Company's 1997 Stock Incentive Plan provides for the grant to key
     employees of incentive and nonqualified stock options, stock appreciation
     rights, restricted stock and performance shares. In addition, under the
     1997 Stock Incentive Plan, outside directors (directors who are not
     employees of the Company or any subsidiary) received automatic annual
     grants of nonqualified stock options to purchase 2,000 shares of common
     stock. The 1997 Stock Incentive Plan was amended in 2005 to provide that
     no additional stock options may be granted to outside directors
     thereunder. Under the 1997 Stock Incentive Plan, 624,425 shares, in the
     aggregate, of common stock were reserved for grants. The purchase price of
     shares issued on the exercise of incentive options must be at least equal
     to the fair market value of such shares on the date of grant. The purchase
     price for shares issued on the exercise of nonqualified options and
     restricted and performance shares is fixed by the Compensation Committee
     of the Board of Directors. The options granted become exercisable as
     determined by the Compensation Committee and expire no later than 10 years
     after the date of grant.

     During 1998, the Company's stockholders approved the adoption of the
     Company's 1998 Outside Directors Stock Option Plan which, as amended,
     provided for the automatic grant on February 1, 1998 and February 1, 1999
     of nonqualified stock options to the Company's outside directors. Although
     no additional options may be granted under the 1998 Outside Directors
     Stock Option Plan, all outstanding options under this plan continue to be
     governed by the terms and conditions of the plan and the existing option
     agreements for those grants.


                                      -35-
<PAGE>


                              Atrion Corporation
           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)


     Option transactions for the three years in the period ended December 31,
     2005 are as follows:

                                                                Weighted Average
                                                      Shares     Exercise Price
     ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

     Options outstanding at January 1, 2003           467,350   $          15.82
          Granted in 2003                              12,000   $          29.30
          Expired in 2003                              (4,550)  $          20.18
          Exercised in 2003                          (187,200)  $          14.19
     ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
     Options outstanding at December 31, 2003         287,600   $          17.38
          Granted in 2004                              62,000   $          44.39
          Exercised in 2004                           (21,100)  $          19.63
     ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
     Options outstanding at December 31, 2004         328,500   $          22.33
          Granted in 2005                              12,500   $          46.05
          Expired in 2005                              (1,000)  $          31.39
          Exercised in 2005                          (114,900)  $          19.88
     ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
     Options outstanding at December 31, 2005         225,100   $          24.86
     ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

     Exercisable options at December 31, 2003         217,000   $          15.41
     Exercisable options at December 31, 2004         287,250   $          22.32
     Exercisable options at December 31, 2005         206,350   $          24.26
     ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

     As of December 31, 2005, there remained 1,034 shares for which options may
     be granted in the future under the 1997 Stock Incentive Plan. The following
     table summarizes information about stock options outstanding at December
     31, 2005:

                             Options Outstanding           Options Exercisable
                      ----------------------------------  ----------------------
                                    Weighted
                                     average    Weighted               Weighted
                                    remaining    average                average
     Range of            Number    contractual  exercise    Number     exercise
     exercise prices  outstanding     life        price   exercisable    price
     --------------------------------------------------------------------------
     $6.875-$14.063       106,800    3.2 years  $  11.17      106,800  $  11.17
     $14.875-$22.50        10,000    4.7 years  $  20.98       10,000  $  20.98
     $26.13-$31.39         43,900    3.5 years  $  30.05       25,150  $  29.05
     $43.75-$46.28         64,400    3.9 years  $  44.62       64,400  $  44.62
                      -----------                         -----------
                          225,100                             206,350
                      ===========                         ===========

     Pro forma information regarding net income and income per share as required
     by SFAS No. 123 has been determined as if the Company had accounted for its
     stock options under the fair value method of that statement. The fair value
     for these options was estimated at the date of grant using a Black-Scholes
     option pricing model with the following weighted average assumptions for
     2005, 2004 and 2003:

                                               2005      2004       2003
     ----------------------------------------------------------------------
     Risk-free interest ra                       3.4%        2.1%      3.2%
     Dividend yield                              1.3%        1.1%      0.0%
     Volatility factor                          31.3%       47.7%     39.1%
     Expected life                           3 years   2.8 years   7 years
     ======================================================================


                                      -36-
<PAGE>


                              Atrion Corporation
           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)


     The resulting estimated weighted average fair values of the options granted
     in 2005, 2004 and 2003 were $10.51, $13.45 and $13.51, respectively.

     The Black-Scholes option pricing model was developed for use in estimating
     the fair value of traded options which have no vesting restrictions and are
     fully transferable. In addition, option valuation models require the input
     of highly subjective assumptions, including expected stock price
     volatility. The option grants in 2003 occurred prior to the declaration of
     dividends by the Company.

(9)  Revenues From Major Customers

     The Company had one major customer which represented approximately $7.8
     million (10.8 percent), $9.6 million (14.5 percent) and $9.1 million (14.4
     percent) of the Company's operating revenues during the years 2005, 2004
     and 2003, respectively.

(10) Industry Segment and Geographic Information

     The Company operates in one reportable industry segment: designing,
     developing, manufacturing, selling and distributing products for the
     medical and healthcare industry and has no foreign operating subsidiaries.
     The Company has other product lines which include pressure relief valves
     and inflation systems, which are sold primarily to the aviation and marine
     industries. Due to the similarities in product technologies and
     manufacturing processes, these products are managed as part of the medical
     products segment. The Company recorded incidental revenues from its oxygen
     pipeline, which totaled approximately $955,000 in each of the years of
     2005, 2004 and 2003. Pipeline net assets totaled $2.4 and $2.5 million at
     December 31, 2005 and 2004, respectively. Company revenues from sales to
     parties outside the United States totaled approximately 27 percent, 30
     percent and 26 percent of the Company's total revenues in 2005, 2004 and
     2003, respectively. No Company assets are located outside the United
     States. A summary of revenues by geographic territory, based on shipping
     destination, for the three years 2005, 2004 and 2003 is as follows (in
     thousands):

                                                        Year ended December 31,
                                                       -------------------------

                                                         2005     2004     2003
     ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
     United States                                     $52,283  $46,375  $46,721
     Canada                                              8,232    9,113    8,620
     United Kingdom                                      1,984    1,883    1,547
     Japan                                               1,824    1,739      902
     Other                                               7,766    6,971    5,013
     ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
     Total                                             $72,089  $66,081  $62,803
     ===========================================================================


(11) Employee Retirement and Benefit Plans

     A noncontributory cash balance defined benefit retirement plan is
     maintained for all regular employees of the Company except those of Quest
     Medical. This plan was amended effective May 1, 2005 to discontinue the
     addition of newly-hired employees to the plan after that date. The
     Company's funding policy is to make the annual contributions required by
     applicable regulations and recommended by its actuary. The Company uses a
     December 31 measurement date for the plan.


                                      -37-
<PAGE>


                              Atrion Corporation
           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)


     The changes in the plan's projected benefit obligation ("PBO") as of
     December 31, 2005 and 2004 are as follows (in thousands):

                                                              2005       2004
     --------------------------------------------------------------------------
     Change in Benefit Obligation:
     Benefit obligation, January 1                          $  5,539   $  4,878
     Service cost                                                267        241
     Interest cost                                               322        311
     Actuarial (gain)/loss                                       (61)       423
     Benefits paid                                              (412)      (314)
     --------------------------------------------------------------------------
     Benefit obligation, December 31                        $  5,655   $  5,539
     ==========================================================================

     The changes in the fair value of plan assets, funded status of the plan and
     the status of the prepaid pension benefit recognized, which is included in
     the Company's balance sheets as of December 31, 2005 and 2004 are as
     follows (in thousands):

                                                               2005      2004
                                                              -------   -------

     Change in Plan Assets:
     Fair value of plan assets, January 1                     $ 5,661   $ 5,413
     Actual return on plan assets                                 227       562
     Employer contributions                                       200        --
     Benefits paid                                               (412)     (314)
     --------------------------------------------------------------------------
     Fair value of plan assets, December 31                   $ 5,676   $ 5,661
     ==========================================================================
     Funded status of plan                                    $    21   $   122
     Unrecognized actuarial loss                                2,182     2,122
     Unrecognized prior service cost                             (427)     (465)
     Unrecognized net transition obligation                        --       (44)
     --------------------------------------------------------------------------
     Net amount recognized as other assets                    $ 1,776   $ 1,735
     ==========================================================================

     The accumulated benefit obligation for the pension plan was $5,571,000 and
     $5,447,000 at December 31, 2005 and 2004, respectively. The components of
     net periodic pension cost for 2005, 2004 and 2003 were as follows (in
     thousands):

                                                       Year ended December 31,
                                                     --------------------------
                                                      2005      2004      2003
     --------------------------------------------------------------------------
     Components of Net Periodic
       Pension Cost:
     Service cost                                    $  267    $  241    $  214
     Interest cost                                      322       311       298
     Expected return on assets                         (456)     (423)     (349)
     Prior service cost amortization                    (37)      (37)      (37)
     Actuarial loss                                     107       103       128
     Transition amount amortization                     (44)      (44)      (44)
     --------------------------------------------------------------------------
     Net periodic pension cost                       $  159    $  151    $  210
     ==========================================================================


                                      -38-
<PAGE>


                              Atrion Corporation
           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)


     Actuarial assumptions used to determine benefit obligations at December 31
     were as follows:

                                              2005       2004
                                            ---------  ---------
          Discount rate                       6.00%      6.00%
          Rate of compensation increase       5.00%      5.00%

     Actuarial assumptions used to determine net periodic pension cost were as
     follows:

                                              Year ended December 31,
                                          -------------------------------
                                            2005       2004       2003
                                          ---------  ---------  ---------
     Discount rate                          6.00%      6.50%      7.00%
     Expected long-term return on assets    8.00%      8.00%      8.00%
     Rate of compensation increase          5.00%      5.00%      5.00%

     The Company's expected long-term rate of return assumption is based upon
     the plan's actual long-term investment results as well as the long-term
     outlook for investment returns in the marketplace at the time the
     assumption is made.

     The Company's pension plan assets at December 31, 2005 and 2004 were
     invested in the following asset categories:

                                           2005      2004
                                         --------  --------
          Asset Category:
          Equity securities                 70%       74%
          Debt securities                   29%       25%
          Other                              1%        1%
          -------------------------------------------------
              Total                        100%      100%
          =================================================

     It is the Company's investment policy to maintain 66 percent to 79 percent
     of the plan's assets in equity securities and 21 percent to 31 percent of
     the plan's assets in debt securities with the balance invested in a money
     market account to meet liquidity requirements for distributions. The asset
     allocation at December 31, 2005 represents the targeted asset allocation.
     Based upon the plan's current funded position, the Company expects to make
     $250,000 in contributions to its pension plan in 2006, and the Company's
     estimated future benefit payments under the plan are as follows (in
     thousands):

                         2006                $   254
                         2007                $   485
                         2008                $   279
                         2009                $   284
                         2010                $   282
                         2011-2015           $ 1,716

     The Company also sponsors a defined contribution plan for all employees.
     Each participant may contribute certain amounts of eligible compensation.
     The Company makes a matching contribution to the plan. The Company's
     contribution under this plan was $223,000, $214,000 and $202,000 in 2005,
     2004 and 2003, respectively.

(12) Commitments and Contingencies

     The Company is subject to legal proceedings, third-party claims and other
     contingencies related to patent infringement, product liability,
     regulatory, employee and other matters that arise in the ordinary course of
     business. As of December 31, 2005, the Company had accrued $250,000 for


                                      -39-
<PAGE>


                              Atrion Corporation
           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - (Continued)


     legal fees and expenses that it expected to incur in connection with the
     litigation or arbitration of two such matters.

     The Company has arrangements with its executive officers (the "Executives")
     pursuant to which the termination of their employment under certain
     circumstances would result in lump sum payments to the Executives.
     Termination under such circumstances in 2006 could result in payments
     aggregating $800,000, excluding any excise tax that may be reimbursable by
     the Company.

     In May 1996, Halkey-Roberts began leasing the land, building and building
     improvements in St. Petersburg, Florida, which serve as Halkey-Roberts'
     headquarters and manufacturing facility, under a 10-year lease. This lease
     has been extended until September 30, 2006 at the rent payment in effect on
     May 1, 2006. The Company has guaranteed Halkey-Roberts' payment and
     performance obligations under the lease. The lease is being accounted for
     as an operating lease, and the rental expense for the years ended December
     31, 2005, 2004 and 2003 was $422,000, $409,000 and $396,000, respectively.
     Future minimum rental commitment under this lease is $321,000 in 2006.

     During 2004, the Company began planning for the construction of a new
     facility for its Halkey-Roberts operation to be located approximately four
     miles from its current facility. In 2004, the Company made a $3.75 million
     deposit required in connection with a proposed purchase of ten acres of
     land to be used for the construction of this new facility. During 2005,
     this property was acquired and construction of the new facility commenced.
     The Company is planning to complete the construction of this new facility
     and move the Halkey-Roberts operation into the new facility around mid-year
     2006.

(13) Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited)

     The following table shows selected unaudited quarterly financial data for
     2005 and 2004:

 Quarter   Operating  Operating                  Income            Income
  Ended     Revenue    Income    Net Income  Per Basic Share  Per Diluted Share
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    (In thousands, except per share amounts)

 03/31/05  $  18,645  $   3,418  $    2,294  $          1.33  $            1.23
 06/30/05     18,102      3,131       2,272             1.27               1.18
 09/30/05     18,338      3,111       2,241             1.23               1.15
 12/31/05     17,003      3,037       2,149             1.17               1.10
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 03/31/04  $  16,789  $   1,901  $    1,287  $           .76  $             .70
 06/30/04     16,417      2,064       1,608              .94                .87
 09/30/04     16,704      2,217       1,756             1.02                .95
 12/31/04     16,171      2,414       1,819             1.06                .98
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The quarterly information presented above reflects, in the opinion of
management, all adjustments necessary for a fair presentation of the results for
the interim periods presented.


                                      -40-
<PAGE>


ITEM 9.  CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
         FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

None.

ITEM 9A.  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

The Company's management, with the participation of the Company's Chief
Executive Officer and its Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the Company's
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) as of December 31, 2005. Based upon this evaluation, the Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the Company's
disclosure controls and procedures are effective. There were no changes in our
internal control over financial reporting for the fourth fiscal quarter ended
December 31, 2005 that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to
materially affect our internal control over financial reporting.

        MANAGEMENT'S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING

The Company's management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate
internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Our internal control system is
designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. All internal control
systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. A system of
internal control may become inadequate over time because of changes in
conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with the policies or
procedures. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide
only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and
presentation.

Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2005 using the criteria set forth by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal
Control-Integrated Framework. Based on this assessment, our management concluded
that, as of December 31, 2005, our internal control over financial reporting was
effective.



            Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

Board of Directors and
Stockholders of Atrion Corporation

We have audited management's assessment, included in the accompanying
Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting, that Atrion
Corporation and subsidiaries maintained effective internal control over
financial reporting as of December 31, 2005, based on criteria established in
Internal Control--Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission ("COSO"). Atrion Corporation's
management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over
financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal
control over financial reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
management's assessment and an opinion on the effectiveness of the company's
internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight


                                      -41-
<PAGE>


Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the
audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control
over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit
included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial
reporting, evaluating management's assessment, testing and evaluating the design
and operating effectiveness of internal control, and performing such other
procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our
audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinions.

A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over
financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to
the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2)
provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to
permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are
being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of
the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's
assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting
may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of
effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

In our opinion, management's assessment that Atrion Corporation and subsidiaries
maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December
31, 2005, is fairly stated, in all material respects, based on criteria
established in Internal Control--Integrated Framework issued by COSO. Also in
our opinion, Atrion Corporation and subsidiaries maintained, in all material
respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31,
2005, based on criteria established in Internal Control--Integrated Framework
issued by COSO.

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets of
Atrion Corporation and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2005 and 2004, and the
related consolidated statements of income, changes in stockholders' equity, and
cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2005,
and our report dated March 13, 2006, expressed an unqualified opinion on those
financial statements.

/s/ Grant Thornton LLP
Dallas, Texas
March 13, 2006


                                      -42-
<PAGE>


ITEM 9B.  OTHER INFORMATION

There was no information required to be disclosed in a report on Form 8-K during
the three months ended December 31, 2005 that was not reported.

                                    PART III

ITEM 10.  DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

Directors

The information for this item relating to directors of the Company is
incorporated by reference from the Company's definitive proxy statement for its
2006 annual meeting of stockholders.

Executive Officers

The information for this item relating to executive officers of the Company is
set forth on pages 12 and 13 of this report.

The information required by Item 405 of Regulation S-K is incorporated by
reference from the Company's definitive proxy statement for its 2006 annual
meeting of stockholders.

The Company has adopted a Code of Ethics and Business Conduct that applies to
all of the Company's directors, officers and employees. The Code of Ethics and
Business Conduct will be provided to any person, without charge, upon request
addressed to: Corporate Secretary, Atrion Corporation, One Allentown Parkway,
Allen, Texas 75002.

ITEM 11.  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

The information for this item is incorporated by reference from the Company's
definitive proxy statement for its 2006 annual meeting of stockholders.

ITEM 12.  SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND
          RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners

The information for this item is incorporated by reference from the Company's
definitive proxy statement for its 2006 annual meeting of stockholders.

Security Ownership of Management

The information for this item is incorporated by reference from the Company's
definitive proxy statement for its 2006 annual meeting of stockholders.

Changes in Control

The Company knows of no arrangements that may at a subsequent date result in a
change in control of the Company.


                                      -43-
<PAGE>


ITEM 13.  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

None.

ITEM 14.  PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES

The information for this item is incorporated by reference form the Company's
definitive proxy statement for its 2006 annual meeting of stockholders.


                                    PART IV

ITEM 15.  EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

(a)  The following documents are filed as a part of this report on Form 10-K:

     1.   Financial Statements of the Company:
          Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
          Consolidated Statements of Income
          Consolidated Balance Sheets
          Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
          Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders Equity

     2.   Financial Statement Schedules:

          Schedule II - Consolidated Valuation and Qualifying Accounts

     REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

     Board of Directors and
     Stockholders of Atrion Corporation

     We have audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
     Accounting Oversight Board (United States) the consolidated financial
     statements of Atrion Corporation and subsidiaries referred to in our report
     dated March 13, 2006, which is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
     Our audit was conducted for the purpose of forming an opinion on the basic
     financial statements taken as a whole. Schedule II is presented for the
     purpose of additional analysis and is not a required part of the basic
     financial statements. This schedule has been subjected to the auditing
     procedures applied in the audit of the basic financial statements and, in
     our opinion, is fairly stated in all material respects in relation to the
     basic financial statements taken as a whole.

     /s/ Grant Thornton LLP
     Dallas, Texas
     March 13, 2006


                                      -44-
<PAGE>


          Schedule II - Consolidated Valuation and Qualifying Accounts

                                              Allowance for Doubtful Receivables
                                                         December 31,
                                             -----------------------------------
                                                2005        2004         2003
                                                ----        ----         ----
                                                       (in thousands)

Beginning balance                            $     118   $     104   $      151
     Additions charged to expense                  (34)         41           75
     Deductions from reserve                       (19)        (27)        (122)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ending balance                               $      65   $     118   $      104
================================================================================

     All other financial statement schedules have been omitted since the
     required information is included in the consolidated financial statements
     or the notes thereto or is not applicable or required.


     3.   Exhibits. Reference as made to Item 15(b) of this report on Form 10-K.

(b)  Exhibits


Exhibit
Numbers                                Description
-------                                -----------

   2a      Asset Purchase Agreement, dated March 19, 1997, between Atrion
           Corporation and Midcoast Energy Resources, Inc. (1)
   3a      Certificate of Incorporation of Atrion Corporation, dated December
           30, 1996(2)
   3b      Amended and Restated Bylaws of Atrion Corporation (3)
   10a*    Atrion Corporation 1997 Stock Incentive Plan (4)
   10b*    Form of Award Agreement for Incentive Stock Option (5)
   10c*    Form of Award Agreement for Nonqualified Stock Option for Key
           Employee (6)
   10d*    Form of Award Agreement for Nonqualified Stock Option for Director
           (7)
   10e*    Atrion Corporation 1998 Outside Directors Stock Option Plan (8)
   10f*    Form of Stock Option Agreement (9)
   10g*    Severance Plan for Chief Financial Officer (1(0))
   10h*    Atrion Corporation Incentive Compensation Plan for Chief Financial
           Officer (1(1))
   10i*    Chief Executive Officer Employment Agreement (1(2))
   10j*    Amendment to Chief Executive Officer Employment Agreement (1(3))
   21      Subsidiaries of Atrion Corporation as of December 31, 2005 (1(4))
   23      Consent of Grant Thornton LLP (1(4))
   31.1    Sarbanes-Oxley Act Section 302 Certification of Chief Executive
           Officer (1(4))
   31.2    Sarbanes-Oxley Act Section 302 Certification of Chief Financial
           Officer (1(4))
   32.1    Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, As Adopted Pursuant
           to Section 906 of The Sarbanes - Oxley Act Of 2002 (1(4))
   32.2    Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, As Adopted Pursuant
           to Section 906 of The Sarbanes - Oxley Act Of 2002 (1(4))


                                      -45-
<PAGE>


Notes
-----
 (1)     Incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the Definitive Proxy
         Statement of the Company dated April 23, 1997.
 (2)     Incorporated by reference to Appendix B to the Definitive Proxy
         Statement of the Company dated January 10, 1997.
 (3)     Incorporated by reference to Appendix C to the Definitive Proxy
         Statement of the Company dated January 10, 1997.
 (4)     Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4(b) to the Form S-8 of Atrion
         Corporation filed June 10, 1998 (File No. 333-56509).
 (5)     Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Form S-8 of Atrion
         Corporation filed June 10, 1998 (File No. 333-56509).
 (6)     Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the Form S-8 of Atrion
         Corporation filed June 10, 1998 (File No. 333-56509).
 (7)     Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 to the Form S-8 of Atrion
         Corporation filed June 10, 1998 (File No. 333-56509).
 (8)     Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Form S-8 of Atrion
         Corporation, filed June 10, 1998 (File No. 333-56511).
 (9)     Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Form S-8 of Atrion
         Corporation, filed June 10, 1998 (File No. 333-56511).
 (10)    Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10b to Form 10-Q of Atrion
         Corporation dated May 12, 2000.
 (11)    Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10k to Form 10-K of Atrion
         Corporation dated March 30, 2001.
 (12)    Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10m to Form 10-K of Atrion
         Corporation dated March 26, 2002.
 (13)    Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10q to Form 10-K of Atrion
         Corporation dated March 13, 2003.
 (14)    Filed herewith.

* Management Contract or Compensatory Plan or Arrangement


                                      -46-
<PAGE>


                                   SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                                            Atrion Corporation


                                            By: /s/ Emile A. Battat
                                                -----------------------------
                                                Emile A. Battat
                                                Chairman,
                                                President and Chief
                                                Executive Officer

Dated: March 13, 2006

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report
has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and
in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
         Signature                               Title                               Date
         ---------                               -----                               ----

<S>                             <C>                                              <C>
 /s/ Emile A. Battat            Chairman, President and Chief Executive          March 13, 2006
 ----------------------------   Officer (Principal Executive Officer)
 Emile A. Battat


 /s/ Jeffery Strickland         Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and      March 13, 2006
 ----------------------------   Secretary-Treasurer (Principal Financial
 Jeffery Strickland             and Accounting Officer)



                                                 Director
 ----------------------------
 Richard O. Jacobson


 /s/ Hugh J. Morgan, Jr.                         Director                        March 13, 2006
 ----------------------------
 Hugh J. Morgan, Jr.


 /s/ Roger F. Stebbing                           Director                        March 13, 2006
 ----------------------------
 Roger F. Stebbing


 /s/ John P. Stupp, Jr.                          Director                        March 13, 2006
 ----------------------------
 John P. Stupp, Jr.


                                                 Director
 ----------------------------
 Ronald N. Spaulding
</TABLE>


                                      -47-
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
