<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>fy06-e10k.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 10-K
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                               UNITED STATES
                    SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                         Washington, D. C. 20549

                                FORM 10-K
(Mark One)
[X]   Annual report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
      Act of 1934
                  For the fiscal year ended May 31, 2006
                                     or
[ ]   Transition report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
      Exchange Act of 1934
      For the transition period from ________________ to ________________

                      Commission file number: 000-22893.

                       -------------------------------

                             AEHR TEST SYSTEMS
             (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)

         CALIFORNIA                                     94-2424084
(State or other jurisdiction of          (IRS Employer Identification Number)
 incorporation or organization)

    400 KATO TERRACE, FREMONT, CA                         94539
(Address of principal executive offices)               (Zip Code)

     Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (510) 623-9400

    Name of each exchange on which registered:  The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC
          Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
                       Common Stock, $0.01 par value
       Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:  None


     Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer,
as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.
Yes  [ ]  No [X]

     Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Act.
Yes  [ ]  No [X]

     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to
such filing requirements for the past 90 days.

                          Yes  [X]             No [ ]

     Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to
Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained
to the best of the Registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any
amendment to this Form 10-K.   [ ]

     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer.  See definition of
"accelerated filer and large accelerated filer" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act (Check one):
Large accelerated filer[ ]   Accelerated filer[ ]   Non-accelerated filer [X]

     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).
Yes  [ ]  No [X]

     The aggregate market value of the Registrant's Common Stock, par value
$0.01 per share, held by non-affiliates of the Registrant, based upon the
closing price of $7.38 on July 31, 2006, as reported on the Nasdaq National
Market, was approximately $46,712,000.  For purposes of this disclosure,
shares of Common Stock held by persons who hold more




<PAGE>
than 5% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (other than such persons of
whom the Registrant became aware only through the filing of a Schedule 13G
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission) and shares held by officers
and directors of the Registrant have been excluded because such persons may be
deemed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not
necessarily conclusive for other purposes.

     The number of shares of Registrant's Common Stock, par value $0.01 per
share, outstanding at July 31, 2006 was 7,704,965.


Documents Incorporated By Reference

    Certain information required by Part III of this report on Form 10-K is
incorporated by reference from the Registrant's proxy statement for the Annual
Meeting of Shareholders to be held on October 26, 2006 (the "Proxy
Statement"), which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
within 120 days after the close of the Registrant's fiscal year ended May 31,
2006.


                                    2


<PAGE>
                                AEHR TEST SYSTEMS

                                   FORM 10-K
                          FISCAL YEAR ENDED MAY 31, 2006

                               TABLE OF CONTENTS

                                    PART I
Item  1.      Business ...............................................      4
Item  1A.     Risk Factors ...........................................      9
Item  2.      Properties  ............................................     17
Item  3.      Legal Proceedings ......................................     17
Item  4.      Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders ....     17


                                    PART II

Item  5.      Market for the Registrant's Common Equity and Related
                Shareholder Matters ..................................     18
Item  6.      Selected Financial Data ................................     19
Item  7.      Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
                Condition and Results of Operations ..................     19
Item 7A.      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about
                Market Risks .........................................     27
Item  8.      Financial Statements and Supplementary Data ............     28
Item  9.      Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on
                Accounting and Financial Disclosure ..................     51
Item 9A.      Controls and Procedures ................................     51
Item 9B.      Other Information ......................................     51


                                   PART III

Item 10.      Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant .....     51
Item 11.      Executive Compensation .................................     52
Item 12.      Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
                Management, and Related Stockholder Matters...........     52
Item 13.      Certain Relationships and Related Transactions .........     52
Item 14.      Principal Independent Registered Public Accounting
                Firm's Fees and Services .............................     52


                                    PART IV

Item 15.      Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules .............     52



              Signatures .............................................     55



                                     3








<PAGE>
    This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements with
respect to Aehr Test Systems ("Aehr Test" the "Company", "we", "us", and
"our") which involve risks and uncertainties.  The Company's actual results
may differ materially from the results discussed in the forward-looking
statements due to a number of factors, including those described herein and
the documents incorporated herein by reference, and those factors described in
Part I, Item 1A under "Risk Factors."  These statements typically may be
identified by the use of forward-looking words or phrases such as "believe,"
"expect," "intend," "anticipate," "should," "planned," "estimated," and
"potential," among others.  All forward-looking statements included in this
document are based on our current expectations, and we assume no obligation to
update any of these forward-looking statements.  The Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a "safe harbor" for these forward-
looking statements. In order to comply with the terms of the safe harbor, we
note that a variety of factors could cause actual results and experience to
differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed
in these forward-looking statements.  The risks and uncertainties that may
affect the operations, performance, development, and results of our businesses
include but are not limited to those factors that might be described from time
to time in periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and
include those set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K as "Factors that
May Affect Future Results of Operations," as well as other factors beyond our
control.

                                PART I

Item 1.   Business

THE COMPANY

    Aehr Test develops, manufactures and sells systems which are designed to
reduce the cost of testing flash, dynamic random access memory ("DRAM"), and
other memory devices, and to perform reliability screening or burn-in of
complex logic and memory devices.  These systems can be used to simultaneously
perform parallel testing and burn-in of packaged integrated circuits ("ICs"),
singulated bare die, or ICs still in wafer form.  Leveraging its expertise as
a long-time leading provider of burn-in equipment, with over 2,500 systems
installed worldwide, the Company has developed and introduced several
innovative product families, including the FOXTM, MTX and MAX systems, and the
DiePakR carrier.  The FOX system is a full wafer contact parallel test and
burn-in system designed to make contact with all pads of a wafer
simultaneously, thus enabling full wafer parallel test and burn-in.  The MTX
system is a massively parallel test system designed to reduce the cost of
memory testing by performing both test and burn-in on thousands of devices
simultaneously.  The MAX system can effectively burn-in and functionally test
complex devices, such as digital signal processors, microprocessors,
microcontrollers and systems-on-a-chip.  The DiePak carrier is a reusable,
temporary package that enables IC manufacturers to perform cost-effective
final test and burn-in of bare die.

     Aehr Test was incorporated in the state of California on May 25, 1977.
The Company's headquarters and mailing address is 400 Kato Terrace, Fremont,
California 94539 and the telephone number at that location is (510) 623-9400.
The Company's common stock trades on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol
"AEHR."  The Company's website is www.aehr.com.  The public may read and copy
materials filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"), including
the Company's periodic and current reports on Form 10-K, Form 10-Q and Form 8-
K, at the SEC's Public Reference Room at 450 Fifth Street, NW, Washington DC
20549.  Information about the SEC's Public Reference Room may be obtained by
calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330.  All reports and information electronically
filed by Aehr Test with the SEC may also be obtained on the SEC's website
(http://www.sec.gov).

INDUSTRY BACKGROUND

    Semiconductor manufacturing is a complex, multi-step process and defects
or weaknesses that may result in the failure of an IC may be introduced at any
process step.  Failures may occur immediately or at any time during the
operating life of an IC, sometimes after several months of normal use.
Semiconductor manufacturers rely on testing and reliability screening to
detect failures that occur during the manufacturing process.

    Testing and reliability screening involves multiple steps.  The first set
of tests is typically performed by IC manufacturers before the processed
semiconductor wafer is cut into individual die, to avoid the cost of packaging
defective die into their plastic or ceramic packages.  After the die are
packaged and before they undergo reliability screening, a short test is
typically performed to detect packaging defects.  Most leading-edge
microprocessors, microcontrollers, digital signal processors, and memory ICs
then undergo an extensive reliability screening and stress testing procedure
known as "burn-in."  The burn-in process screens for early failures by
operating the IC at elevated voltages and temperatures, up to 150 degrees
Celsius (302 degrees Fahrenheit), for periods typically ranging from 8 to 48
hours.  A burn-in system can process thousands of ICs simultaneously.  After
burn-in, the ICs undergo a final test process using automatic test equipment
("testers").  Traditional memory testers can test up to 512 ICs simultaneously
and perform a variety of tests at multiple temperatures.


                                    4


<PAGE>
PRODUCTS

    The Company manufactures and markets massively parallel test systems,
monitored burn-in systems, full wafer contact systems, die carriers, test
fixtures and related accessories.

    All of the Company's systems are modular, allowing them to be configured
with optional features to meet customer requirements.  Systems can be
configured for use in production applications, where capacity, throughput and
price are most important, or for reliability engineering and quality assurance
applications, where performance and flexibility, such as extended temperature
ranges, are essential.

MONITORED BURN-IN SYSTEMS

    The MAX3 system, introduced in fiscal 1999, is designed for monitored
burn-in of memory and logic devices.  It has 96 channels, holds 64 burn-in
boards ("BIBs"), each of which may hold up to 350 or more devices, resulting
in a system capacity of up to 22,400 or more devices and handles the latest
low voltage ICs.  The MAX3 also has extended stored test program capability
for more complete exercise and output monitoring of complex logic devices such
as digital signal processors.  The output monitor feature allows the MAX3 to
perform functional tests of devices and it also supports built-in self-test
("BIST") or other scan features.  The MAX4 system was introduced in 2001.
Like the MAX3, it offers 96 channels and output monitoring; however, the MAX4
further extends the capabilities of the MAX3.  The MAX4 is targeted at devices
which require better voltage accuracy and higher current.  It can provide up
to 227 amps of current per BIB position.  All MAX systems feature multi-
tasking Windows XP-based software which includes lot tracking and reporting
software that are needed for production and military applications.  This
monitored burn-in systems product category accounted for approximately 56%,
30%, and 45% of the Company's net sales in fiscal 2006, 2005 and 2004,
respectively.

MASSIVELY PARALLEL TEST SYSTEM

    The MTX massively parallel test system is designed to reduce the cost of
memory testing by processing thousands of memory devices simultaneously,
including flash memories, DRAMs and other memories.  The MTX system can
perform a significant number of tests usually performed by traditional memory
testers, including pattern sensitivity tests, functional tests, data retention
tests and refresh tests.  The Company estimates that transferring these tests
from traditional memory testers to the MTX system can reduce the time that a
memory device must be tested by a traditional memory tester by up to 70%,
thereby reducing the required number of memory testers and, consequently,
reducing capital and operating costs.

    The MTX system consists of several subsystems: pattern generation and test
electronics, control software, network interface and environmental chamber.
The MTX system has an algorithmic test pattern generator which allows it to
duplicate most of the tests performed by a traditional memory tester.  Pin
electronics at each performance test board ("PTB") position are designed to
provide accurate signals to the memory ICs being tested and detect whether a
device is failing the test.

    Devices being tested are placed on PTBs and loaded into environmental
chambers which typically operate at temperatures from 25 degrees Celsius (77
degrees Fahrenheit) up to 150 degrees Celsius (302 degrees Fahrenheit)
(optional chambers can produce temperatures as low as -55 degrees Celsius (-67
degrees Fahrenheit)).  A single PTB can hold up to 416 DDR SDRAMs, and a
production chamber holds 30 PTBs, resulting in up to 12,480 DDR SDRAMs being
tested in a single system.  This massively parallel test system product
category accounted for approximately 29%, 40%, and 18% of the Company's net
sales in fiscal 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively.

FULL WAFER CONTACT SYSTEM

    The FOX-14 full wafer contact burn-in and parallel test system, introduced
in July 2001, is designed to make contact with all pads of a wafer
simultaneously, thus enabling full wafer burn-in and parallel test of up to 14
IC wafers at a time.  One of the key features of the FOX system is the
patented WaferPakTM cartridge system.  This unique design is intended to
accommodate a wide range of contactor technologies.  Wafer-level burn-in and
test enables lower cost production of Known-Good Die ("KGD") for multichip
modules and systems-in-a-package.

    The FOX-1 full wafer parallel test system, introduced in June 2005, is
designed for massively parallel test.  The FOX-1 system is designed to make
electrical contact to and test all of the die on a wafer in a single touchdown
of the contactor to the wafer.  The FOX-1 WaferPak cartridge incorporates
similar probe technologies as the FOX-14 WaferPak cartridge.  The FOX-1 test
head and contactor are compatible with industry-standard 300 mm wafer probers
which provide the wafer handling and alignment automation for the FOX-1
system.  The FOX-1 pattern generator is designed to

                                    5

<PAGE>
functionally test industry-standard memories such as flash and DRAMs, plus it
is optimized to test memory or logic ICs that incorporate design for
testability ("DFT") and BIST.  The FOX-1 pin electronics and per-device power
supplies are tailored to full-wafer functional test.  The Company believes
that the FOX-1 system can significantly reduce the cost of testing IC wafers.


DIEPAK CARRIERS

    The Company's DiePak product line includes a family of reusable, temporary
die carriers and associated sockets which enable the test and burn-in of bare
die using the same test and burn-in systems used for packaged ICs.  DiePak
carriers offer cost-effective solutions for providing Known Good Die for most
types of ICs, including memory, microcontroller and microprocessor devices.
The DiePak carrier was introduced in fiscal 1995.  The DiePak carrier consists
of an interconnect substrate, which provides an electrical connection between
the die pads and the socket contacts, and a mechanical support system.  The
substrate is customized for each IC product.  The DiePak carrier comes in
several different versions, designed to handle ICs ranging from 54 pin-count
memories up to 320 pin-count microprocessors.  A new lower cost 54/66 pin
DiePak solution was introduced in July 2004.

TEST FIXTURES

    The Company manufactures and sells, and licenses others to manufacture and
sell, custom-designed test fixtures for its systems.  The test fixtures
include performance test boards for use with the MTX massively parallel test
system, burn-in boards for the MAX monitored burn-in system, and test
contactors for the FOX full-wafer contact parallel test and burn-in system.
These test fixtures hold the devices undergoing test or burn-in and
electrically connect the devices under test to the system electronics.  The
capacity of each test fixture depends on the type of device being tested or
burned-in, ranging from several hundred in memory production to as few as
eight for high pin-count complex ASIC or microprocessor devices.  Test
fixtures are sold both with new Aehr Test systems and for use with the
Company's installed base of systems.  Due to the challenge of making contact
with and testing all the die on a semiconductor wafer, the FOX test contactors
are the most complex of the test fixtures.  In turn, PTBs are substantially
more complex than BIBs, due to the advanced test requirements of the MTX
system.  The Company has received patents or applied for patents on certain
features of the PTB, FOX and MAX4 test fixtures.  The Company has licensed or
authorized several other companies to provide PTBs and MAX4 BIBs from which
the Company receives royalties.  Royalties were less than 5% of net sales in
fiscal 2006, 2005 and 2004.  This test fixtures product category accounted for
approximately 16% of the Company's net sales in fiscal 2004.

CUSTOMERS

    The Company markets and sells its products throughout the world to
semiconductor manufacturers, semiconductor contract assemblers, electronics
manufacturers and burn-in and test service companies.

    Sales to the Company's five largest customers accounted for approximately
82.9%, 73.1%, and 70.5% of its net sales in fiscal 2006, 2005 and 2004,
respectively.  During fiscal 2006, Texas Instruments Incorporated and Spansion
Inc. (formerly FASL LLC.) accounted for 47.9% and 24.9% of the Company's net
sales, respectively.  During fiscal 2005, Spansion Inc. and Texas Instruments
Incorporated accounted for 43.1% and 16.9% of the Company's net sales,
respectively.  During fiscal 2004, Texas Instruments Incorporated and FASL
LLC. accounted for 33.8% and 17.8% of the Company's net sales, respectively.
No other customers represented more than 10% of the Company's net sales for
any of these periods.  The Company expects that sales of its products to a
limited number of customers will continue to account for a high percentage of
net sales for the foreseeable future.  In addition, sales to particular
customers may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter.  Such
fluctuations may result in changes in utilization of the Company's facilities
and resources.  The loss of or reduction or delay in orders from a significant
customer, or a delay in collecting or failure to collect accounts receivable
from a significant customer could adversely affect the Company's business,
financial condition and operating results.

MARKETING, SALES AND CUSTOMER SUPPORT

    The Company has sales and service operations in the United States, Japan,
Germany and Taiwan, and has established a network of distributors and sales
representatives in certain key parts of the world.  See "OVERVIEW" in Item 7
under "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations" for a further discussion of the Company's relationship with
distributors, and its effects on revenue recognition.

    The Company's customer service and support program includes system
installation, system repair, applications engineering support, spare parts
inventories, customer training, and documentation.  The Company has both
applications

                                    6

<PAGE>
engineering and field service personnel located at the corporate headquarters
in Fremont, California and at the Company's subsidiaries in Japan, Germany and
Taiwan.  The Company's distributors provide applications and field service
support in other parts of the world.  The Company customarily provides a
warranty on its products.  The Company offers service contracts on its systems
directly and through its subsidiaries, distributors, and representatives.



BACKLOG

    As of May 31, 2006 and 2005, the Company's backlog was $12.5 million and
$4.9 million, respectively.  The increase in backlog was primarily the result
of an increase in orders of the Company's wafer level/DiePak products.  The
Company's backlog consists of product orders for which confirmed purchase
orders have been received and which are scheduled for shipment within 12
months.  At May 31, 2006 and 2005, the Company's backlog consisted of product
development orders and a prototype system totaling $1.1 million.  Most orders
are subject to rescheduling or cancellation by the customer with limited
penalties.  Because of the possibility of customer changes in delivery
schedules or cancellations and potential delays in product shipments or
development projects, the Company's backlog as of a particular date may not be
indicative of net sales for any succeeding period.

RESEARCH AND PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT

    The Company historically has devoted a significant portion of its
financial resources to research and development programs and expects to
continue to allocate significant resources to these efforts.  The Company's
research and development expenses during fiscal 2006, 2005 and 2004 were
approximately $4.3 million, $4.0 million and $4.6 million, respectively.

    The Company conducts ongoing research and development to design new
products and to support and enhance existing product lines.  Building upon the
expertise gained in the development of its existing products, the Company has
developed the FOX family of systems for performing test and burn-in of entire
processed wafers, rather than individual die or packaged parts.  The Company
is currently developing capability and performance enhancements to the MTX,
MAX and FOX systems for future generation ICs.

MANUFACTURING

    The Company assembles its products from components and parts manufactured
by others, including environmental chambers, power supplies, metal
fabrications, printed circuit assemblies, ICs, burn-in sockets, high-density
interconnects, wafer contactors and interconnect substrates.  Final assembly
and testing are performed within the Company's facilities.  The Company's
strategy is to use in-house manufacturing only when necessary to protect a
proprietary process or if a significant improvement in quality, cost or lead
time can be achieved.  The Company's principal manufacturing facility is
located in Fremont, California.  The Company's Tokyo, Japan and Utting,
Germany facilities provide limited manufacturing and product customization.

    The Company relies on subcontractors to manufacture many of the components
or subassemblies used in its products.  The Company's MTX, MAX and FOX systems
and DiePak carriers contain several components, including environmental
chambers, power supplies, high-density interconnects, wafer contactors, signal
distribution substrates and certain ICs, which are currently supplied by only
one or a limited number of suppliers.  The Company's reliance on
subcontractors and single source suppliers involves a number of significant
risks, including the loss of control over the manufacturing process, the
potential absence of adequate capacity and reduced control over delivery
schedules, manufacturing yields, quality and costs.  In the event that any
significant subcontractor or single source supplier becomes unable or
unwilling to continue to manufacture subassemblies, components or parts in
required volumes, the Company will have to identify and qualify acceptable
replacements.  The process of qualifying subcontractors and suppliers could be
lengthy, and no assurance can be given that any additional sources would be
available to the Company on a timely basis.  Any delay, interruption or
termination of a supplier relationship could have a material adverse effect on
the Company's business, financial condition and operating results.

COMPETITION

    The semiconductor equipment industry is intensely competitive.
Significant competitive factors in the semiconductor equipment market include
price, technical capabilities, quality, flexibility, automation, cost of
ownership, reliability, throughput, product availability and customer service.
In each of the markets it serves, the Company faces competition from
established competitors and potential new entrants, many of which have greater
financial, engineering, manufacturing and marketing resources than the
Company.

                                   7

<PAGE>
    The MTX system faces intense competition from burn-in system suppliers and
traditional memory tester suppliers because the Company's MTX system performs
burn-in and many of the functional tests performed by memory testers.  The
market for burn-in systems is highly fragmented, with many domestic and
international suppliers.  Some users of such systems, such as independent test
labs, build their own burn-in systems, while others, particularly large IC
manufacturers in Asia, acquire burn-in systems from captive or affiliated
suppliers.  Competing suppliers of burn-in and functional test systems include
Advantest Corporation and Dong-Il Corporation.

    The Company's MAX monitored burn-in systems have faced and are expected to
continue to face increasingly severe competition, especially from several
regional, low-cost manufacturers and from systems manufacturers that offer
higher power dissipation per device under test.

    The Company's FOX full wafer contact system is expected to face
competition from larger systems manufacturers that have sufficient
technological know-how and manufacturing capability.  Competing suppliers of
full wafer contact systems include Matsushita Electric Industrial Co., Ltd.
and Delta V Instruments, Incorporated.

    The Company expects that its DiePak products will face significant
competition.  The Company believes that several companies have developed or
are developing products which are intended to enable test and burn-in of bare
die.  As the bare die market develops, the Company expects that other
competitors will emerge.  The DiePak products also face severe competition
from other alternative test solutions.  The Company expects that the primary
competitive factors in this market will be cost, performance, reliability and
assured supply.  Competing suppliers of DiePak products include Yamaichi
Electronics Co., Ltd.

    The Company's test fixture products face numerous regional competitors.
There are limited barriers to entry into the burn-in board market, and as a
result, many companies design and manufacture burn-in boards, including BIBs
for use with the Company's MAX system.  The Company has granted royalty-
bearing licenses to several companies to make performance test boards for use
with the Company's MTX systems and BIBs for use with the Company's MAX4
systems, in order to assure customers of a second source of supply, and the
Company may grant additional licenses as well.  Sales of PTBs and MAX4 BIBs by
licensees result in royalties to the Company.

    The Company expects its competitors to continue to improve the performance
of their current products and to introduce new products with improved price
and performance characteristics.  New product introductions by the Company's
competitors or by new market entrants could cause a decline in sales or loss
of market acceptance of the Company's products.  The Company has observed
price competition in the systems market, particularly with respect to its less
advanced products.  Increased competitive pressure could also lead to
intensified price-based competition, resulting in lower prices which could
adversely affect the Company's operating margins and results.  The Company
believes that to remain competitive it must invest significant financial
resources in new product development and expand its customer service and
support worldwide.  There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to
compete successfully in the future.

PROPRIETARY RIGHTS

    The Company relies primarily on the technical and creative ability of its
personnel, its proprietary software, and trade secrets and copyright
protection, rather than on patents, to maintain its competitive position.  The
Company's proprietary software is copyrighted and licensed to the Company's
customers.  The Company currently holds twenty issued United States patents
with expiration date ranges from 2012 to 2024 and has several additional
United States patent applications and foreign patent applications pending.
One issued patent covers the method used to connect performance test boards
with the MTX system; another covers the method used to connect burn-in boards
with the MAX4 system.  The Company currently has one United States trademark
registration.

    The Company's ability to compete successfully is dependent in part upon
its ability to protect its proprietary technology and information.  Although
the Company attempts to protect its proprietary technology through patents,
copyrights, trade secrets and other measures, there can be no assurance that
these measures will be adequate or that competitors will not be able to
develop similar technology independently.  Further, there can be no assurance
that claims allowed on any patent issued to the Company will be sufficiently
broad to protect the Company's technology, that any patent will issue from any
pending application or that foreign intellectual property laws will protect
the Company's intellectual property.  Litigation may be necessary to enforce
or determine the validity and scope of the Company's proprietary rights, and
there can be no assurance that the Company's intellectual property rights, if
challenged, will be upheld as valid.  Any such litigation could result in
substantial costs and diversion of resources and could have a material adverse
effect on the Company's business, financial condition and operating results,
regardless of the outcome of the litigation.  In addition, there can be no
assurance that any of the patents issued to the Company will not be
challenged, invalidated or circumvented or that the rights granted thereunder
will provide competitive advantages to the Company.

                                   8
<PAGE>
Also, there can be no assurance that the Company will have the financial
resources to defend the patents from infringement or claims of invalidity.

    There are currently no pending claims against the Company regarding
infringement of any patents or other intellectual property rights of others.
However, the Company may receive, in the future, communications from third
parties asserting intellectual property claims against the Company.  Such
claims could include assertions that the Company's products infringe, or may
infringe, the proprietary rights of third parties, requests for
indemnification against such infringement or suggest the Company may be
interested in acquiring a license from such third parties.  There can be no
assurance that any such claim made in the future will not result in
litigation, which could involve significant expense to the Company, and, if
the Company is required or deems it appropriate to obtain a license relating
to one or more products or technologies, there can be no assurance that the
Company would be able to do so on commercially reasonable terms, or at all.

EMPLOYEES

    As of July 31, 2006, the Company, its two foreign subsidiaries and one
branch office employed 90 persons collectively, on a full-time basis, of whom
25 were engaged in research, development, and related engineering, 26 were
engaged in manufacturing, 26 were engaged in marketing, sales, and customer
support, and 13 were engaged in general administration and finance functions.
In addition, the Company from time to time employs a number of part-time
employees and contractors, particularly in manufacturing.  The Company's
success is in part dependent on its ability to attract and retain highly
skilled workers, who are in high demand.  None of the Company's employees are
represented by a union and the Company has never experienced a work stoppage.
Management considers its relations with its employees to be good.

GEOGRAPHIC AREAS

    The Company operates in several geographic areas.  Selected financial
information is included in Part II, Item 8, Note 13 "Segment Information" and
certain risks related to such operations are discussed in Part I, Item 1A,
under the heading "Dependence on International Sales and Operations."

Item 1A.  Risk Factors

    You should carefully consider the risks described below before making an
investment decision.  The Company believes that the risks and uncertainties
described below are the principal material risks facing Aehr Test as of the
date of this Form 10-K.  In the future, the Company may become subject to
additional risks that are not currently known to the Company.  If any of the
following risks actually occur, the Company's business, financial condition
and operating results could be seriously harmed.  As a result, the trading
price of the Company's common stock could decline, and you could lose all or
part of the value of your investment.

     FLUCTUATIONS IN OPERATING RESULTS.  The Company has experienced and
expects to continue to experience significant fluctuations in its quarterly
and annual operating results.  During fiscal 2006, 2005 and 2004, quarterly
net sales have been as low as $2.1 million and as high as $7.0 million, and
gross margins for quarterly sales have fluctuated between 18.0% and 47.1%.
The Company's future operating results will depend upon a variety of factors,
including sales volume, the timing of significant orders, the mix of products
sold, changes in pricing by the Company, its competitors, customers or
suppliers, the length of sales cycles for the Company's products, timing of
new product announcements and releases by the Company and its competitors,
market acceptance of new products and enhanced versions of the Company's
products, capital spending patterns by customers, manufacturing inefficiencies
associated with new product introductions by the Company, the Company's
ability to produce systems and products in volume and meet customer
requirements, product returns and customer acceptance of product shipments,
volatility in the Company's targeted markets, political and economic
instability, natural disasters, regulatory changes, possible disruptions
caused by expanding existing facilities or moving into new facilities,
expenses associated with acquisitions and alliances, and various competitive
factors, including price-based competition, competition from vendors employing
other technologies, and the amount of products sold under volume purchase
arrangements, which tend to have lower selling prices.  Accordingly, past
performance may not be indicative of future performance.

    DEPENDENCE ON TIMING AND SIZE OF SALES ORDERS AND SHIPMENT.  The Company
derives a substantial portion of its revenues from the sale of a relatively
small number of systems which typically range in purchase price from
approximately $200,000 to over $1 million per system.  As a result, the loss
or deferral of a limited number of system sales could have a material adverse
effect on the Company's net sales and operating results in a particular
period.  All customer purchase orders are subject to cancellation or
rescheduling by the customer with limited penalties, and, therefore, backlog
at any particular date is not necessarily indicative of actual sales for any
succeeding period.  From time

                                   9
<PAGE>
to time, cancellations and rescheduling of customer orders have occurred, and
delays by the Company's suppliers in providing components or subassemblies to
the Company have caused delays in the Company's shipments of its own products.
There can be no assurance that the Company will not be materially adversely
affected by future cancellations and rescheduling.  A substantial portion of
net sales typically are realized near the end of each quarter.  A delay or
reduction in shipments near the end of a particular quarter, due, for example,
to unanticipated shipment rescheduling, cancellations or deferrals by
customers, customer credit issues, unexpected manufacturing difficulties
experienced by the Company, or delays in deliveries by suppliers, could cause
net sales in a particular quarter to fall significantly below the Company's
expectations.  As the Company incurs expenses in anticipation of future sales
levels, the Company's results of operations may be adversely affected if such
sales levels are not achieved.

    DEPENDENCE ON MARKET ACCEPTANCE OF FOX SYSTEM.  One element of the
Company's business strategy is to capture an increasing share of the test
equipment market through sales of its FOX wafer-level test and burn-in system.
The FOX system is newly designed to simultaneously burn-in and functionally
test all of the die on a wafer.  The market for the FOX systems is in the very
early stages of development.  The FOX-14 full wafer contact burn-in and
parallel test system was introduced in July 2001 and the FOX-1 full wafer
parallel test system was introduced in June 2005.  The Company's strategy
depends, in part, upon its ability to persuade potential customers that the
FOX system can successfully contact and functionally test all of the die on a
wafer simultaneously, and that this method of testing is cost-effective for
the customer.  There can be no assurance that the Company's strategy will be
successful.  The failure of the FOX system to achieve market acceptance would
have a material adverse effect on the Company's future operating results and
long-term prospects.  The Company's stock price may also decline.

    Market acceptance of the FOX system is subject to a number of risks.  The
Company must complete development of the FOX system and the manufacturing
processes used to build it.  Before a customer will incorporate the FOX system
into a production line, lengthy qualification and correlation tests must be
performed.  The Company anticipates that potential customers may be reluctant
to change their procedures in order to transfer burn-in and test functions to
the FOX system.  Initial purchases are expected to be limited to systems used
for these qualifications and for engineering studies.  Market acceptance of
the FOX system also may be affected by a reluctance of IC manufacturers to
rely on relatively small suppliers such as the Company.  As is common with new
complex products incorporating leading-edge technologies, the Company may
encounter reliability, design and manufacturing issues as it begins volume
production and initial installations of FOX systems at customer sites.  While
the Company places a high priority on addressing these issues as they arise,
there can be no assurance that they can be resolved to the customer's
satisfaction or that the resolution of such problems will not cause the
Company to incur significant development costs or warranty expenses or to lose
significant sales opportunities.

    DEPENDENCE ON MARKET ACCEPTANCE OF MTX SYSTEM.  A principal element of the
Company's business strategy is to capture an increasing share of the memory
test equipment market through sales of the MTX massively parallel test system.
The MTX is designed to perform both burn-in and many of the final test
functions currently performed by high-cost memory testers.  The Company's
strategy depends, in part, upon its ability to persuade potential customers
that the MTX system can successfully perform a significant portion of such
final test functions and that transferring such tests to MTX systems will
reduce their overall capital and test costs.  There can be no assurance that
the Company's strategy will be successful.  The failure of the MTX system to
achieve market acceptance would have a material adverse effect on the
Company's business, financial condition and operating results.

    Market acceptance of the MTX system is subject to a number of risks.
Through the end of fiscal 2006, several companies purchased evaluation units
of the MTX system, but only four customers have purchased production
quantities.  There are no long-term volume purchase commitments with any of
these customers.  There can be no assurance that these customers will continue
to purchase MTX systems for their production facilities.  Since most potential
customers have successfully relied on memory testers for many years and their
personnel understand the use and maintenance of such systems, the Company
anticipates that they may be reluctant to change their procedures in order to
transfer test functions to the MTX system.  Before a customer will transfer
test functions to the MTX, the test programs must be translated for use with
the MTX system and lengthy correlation tests must be performed.  Correlation
testing may take up to six months or more.  Furthermore, MTX system sales are
expected to be primarily limited to new facilities and to existing facilities
being upgraded to accommodate new product generations, such as the transition
to new memory technologies, including newer generation flash memories, the
Double Data Rate DRAMs, and DDR II DRAMs.  Construction of new facilities and
upgrades of existing facilities have in some cases been delayed or canceled
during periodic semiconductor industry downturns.  Other companies have
purchased MTX systems which are being used only in quality assurance and
engineering applications.  Market acceptance of the MTX system may also be
affected by a reluctance of IC manufacturers to rely on relatively small
suppliers such as the Company.

    LIMITED MARKET FOR BURN-IN SYSTEMS.  Historically, a substantial portion
of the Company's net sales were derived from the sale of burn-in systems.
Management believes that the market for burn-in systems is mature and does

                                    10
<PAGE>
not expect to have significant long-term growth. In general, process control
improvements in the semiconductor industry have tended to reduce burn-in
times.  In addition, as a given IC product generation matures and yields
increase, the required burn-in time may be reduced or eliminated.  IC
manufacturers, which historically have been the Company's primary customer
base, increasingly outsource test and burn-in to independent test labs which
often build their own systems.  There can be no assurance that the market for
burn-in systems will grow, and sales of the Company's burn-in products could
decline.

    LENGTHY SALES CYCLE.  Sales of the Company's systems depend, in
significant part, upon the decision of a prospective customer to increase
manufacturing capacity or to restructure current manufacturing facilities,
either of which typically involve a significant commitment of capital.  In
addition, the approval process for MTX and FOX system and DiePak carrier sales
may require lengthy qualification and correlation testing.  In view of the
significant investment or strategic issues that may be involved in a decision
to purchase MTX and FOX systems or DiePak carriers, the Company may experience
delays following initial qualification of the Company's systems as a result of
delays in a customer's approval process.  For these reasons, the Company's
systems typically have a lengthy sales cycle during which the Company may
expend substantial funds and management effort in securing a sale.  Lengthy
sales cycles subject the Company to a number of significant risks, including
inventory obsolescence and fluctuations in operating results, over which the
Company has little or no control.  The loss of individual orders due to the
lengthy sales and evaluation cycle, or delays in the sale of even a limited
number of systems could have a material adverse effect on the Company's
business, operating results and financial condition and, in particular, could
contribute to significant fluctuations in operating results on a quarterly
basis.

    DEPENDENCE ON INTERNATIONAL SALES AND OPERATIONS.  Approximately 85.0%,
81.2% and 84.5% of the Company's net sales for fiscal 2006, 2005 and 2004,
respectively, were attributable to sales to customers for delivery outside of
the United States.  The Company operates sales, service and limited
manufacturing organizations in Japan and Germany and a sales and support
organization in Taiwan.  The Company expects that sales of products for
delivery outside of the United States will continue to represent a substantial
portion of its future revenues.  The future performance of the Company will
depend, in significant part, upon its ability to continue to compete in
foreign markets which in turn will depend, in part, upon a continuation of
current trade relations between the United States and foreign countries in
which semiconductor manufacturers or assemblers have operations.  A change
toward more protectionist trade legislation in either the United States or
such foreign countries, such as a change in the current tariff structures,
export compliance or other trade policies, could adversely affect the
Company's ability to sell its products in foreign markets.  In addition, the
Company is subject to other risks associated with doing business
internationally, including longer receivable collection periods and greater
difficulty in accounts receivable collection, the burden of complying with a
variety of foreign laws, difficulty in staffing and managing global
operations, risks of civil disturbance or other events which may limit or
disrupt markets, international exchange restrictions, changing political
conditions and monetary policies of foreign governments.

    A substantial portion of the Company's net sales has been in Asia.
Turmoil in the Asian financial markets has resulted, and may result in the
future, in dramatic currency devaluations, stock market declines, restriction
of available credit and general financial weakness.  In addition, flash, DRAM,
and other memory device prices in Asia have on occasion declined dramatically,
and will likely do so again in the future.  These developments may affect the
Company in several ways.  The Company believes that many international
semiconductor manufacturers limited their capital spending (including the
purchase of MTXs) in fiscal years 2003 and 2002, and that the uncertainty of
the memory market may cause some manufacturers in the future to again delay
capital spending plans.  The economic conditions in Asia may also affect the
ability of the Company's customers to meet their payment obligations,
resulting in cancellations or deferrals of existing orders and the limitation
of additional orders.  In addition, Asian governments have subsidized some
portion of fabrication construction.  Financial turmoil may reduce these
governments' willingness to continue such subsidies.  Such developments could
have a material adverse affect on the Company's business, financial condition
and results of operations.

    Because a substantial portion of the Company's net sales is from sales of
products for delivery outside the United States, an increase in the value of
the U.S. Dollar relative to foreign currencies would increase the cost of the
Company's products compared to products sold by local companies in such
markets.  Approximately 87.5%,  8.2% and 4.3% of the Company's net sales for
fiscal 2006 were denominated in U.S. Dollars, Japanese Yen and Euros.
Although a large percentage of net sales to European customers is denominated
in U.S. Dollars, substantially all sales to Japanese customers are denominated
in Yen.  Since the price is determined at the time a purchase order is
accepted, the Company is exposed to the risks of fluctuations in the Yen-U.S.
Dollar exchange rate during the lengthy period from the date a purchase order
is received until payment is made.  This exchange rate risk is partially
offset to the extent the Company's Japanese subsidiary incurs expenses payable
in Yen.  To date, the Company has not invested in instruments designed to
hedge currency risks.  In addition, the Company's Japanese subsidiary
typically carries debt or other obligations due to the Company that may be
denominated in either Yen or U.S. Dollars.

                                  11

<PAGE>
    A substantial portion of the world's manufacturers of memory devices are
in South Korea, Japan, Taiwan and China, and growth in the Company's net sales
depends in large part upon its ability to penetrate these markets.  Both the
South Korean and Japanese markets are difficult for foreign companies to
penetrate.  The Company has served the Japanese market through its Japanese
subsidiary, which has experienced limited success and has incurred operating
losses in recent years.  Sales into South Korea have not been significant in
recent years.  Taiwan and China represent an increasingly important portion of
the memory manufacturer market.  The Company established a support
organization in Taiwan in fiscal 2001 and subsequently added a sales function.
The lack of local manufacturing may impede the Company's efforts to develop
the Japanese, South Korean, Taiwanese and Chinese markets.  There can be no
assurance that the Company's efforts in Japan, South Korea, Taiwan or China
will be successful or that the Company will be able to achieve and sustain
significant sales to, or be able to successfully compete in, these markets.

    RAPID TECHNOLOGICAL CHANGE; IMPORTANCE OF TIMELY PRODUCT INTRODUCTION.
The semiconductor equipment industry is subject to rapid technological change
and new product introductions and enhancements.  The Company's ability to
remain competitive will depend in part upon its ability to develop new
products and to introduce these products at competitive prices and on a timely
and cost-effective basis.  The Company's success in developing new and
enhanced products depends upon a variety of factors, including product
selection, timely and efficient completion of product design, timely and
efficient implementation of manufacturing and assembly processes, product
performance in the field and effective sales and marketing.  Because new
product development commitments must be made well in advance of sales, new
product decisions must anticipate both future demand and the technology that
will be available to supply that demand.  Furthermore, introductions of new
and complex products typically involve a period in which design, engineering
and reliability issues are identified and addressed by the Company and its
suppliers.  This process in the past required and in the future is likely to
require the Company to incur unreimbursed engineering expenses, and from time
to time to experience warranty claims or product returns.  There can be no
assurance that the Company will be successful in selecting, developing,
manufacturing and marketing new products that satisfy market demand.  Any such
failure would materially and adversely affect the Company's business,
financial condition and results of operations.

    Because of the complexity of the Company's products, significant delays
can occur between a product's introduction and the commencement of volume
production of such product.  The Company has experienced, from time to time,
significant delays in the introduction of, and technical and manufacturing
difficulties with, certain of its products and may experience delays and
technical and manufacturing difficulties in future introductions or volume
production of new products.  The Company's inability to complete new product
development, or to manufacture and ship products in volume and in time to meet
customer requirements would materially adversely affect the Company's
business, financial condition and results of operations.

    As is common with new complex and software-intensive products, the Company
has encountered reliability, design and manufacturing issues as it began
volume production and initial installations of certain products at customer
sites.  The Company places a high priority on addressing these issues as they
arise.  Certain of these issues in the past have been related to components
and subsystems supplied to the Company by third parties which have in some
cases limited the ability of the Company to address such issues promptly.  In
the early stages of product development, there can be no assurance that
reliability, design and manufacturing issues will not be discovered or, that
if such issues arise, they can be resolved to the customers' satisfaction or
that the resolution of such problems will not cause the Company to incur
significant development costs or warranty expenses or to lose significant
sales opportunities.

    Future improvements in semiconductor design and manufacturing technology
may reduce or eliminate the need for the Company's products.  For example, the
introduction of viable wafer-level test and burn-in systems, improvements in
BIST technology, and improvements in conventional test systems, such as
reduced cost or increased throughput, may significantly reduce or eliminate
the market for one or more of the Company's products.  If the Company is not
able to improve its products or develop new products or technologies quickly
enough to maintain a competitive position in its markets, the Company may not
be able to grow its business.

    CYCLICALITY OF SEMICONDUCTOR INDUSTRY AND CUSTOMER PURCHASES; RISK OF
CANCELLATIONS AND RESCHEDULINGS.  The Company's operating results depend
primarily upon the capital expenditures of semiconductor manufacturers,
semiconductor contract assemblers and burn-in and test service companies
worldwide, which in turn depend on the current and anticipated market demand
for ICs and products utilizing ICs.  The semiconductor and semiconductor
equipment industries in general, and the market for DRAMs and other memory
devices in particular, historically have been highly volatile and have
experienced periodic downturns and slowdowns, which have had severe negative
effects on the semiconductor industry's demand for semiconductor capital
equipment, including test and burn-in systems manufactured and marketed by the
Company.  These downturns and slowdowns have adversely affected the Company's
operating results in the past.  In addition, the purchasing patterns of

                                   12

<PAGE>
the Company's customers are also highly cyclical because most customers
purchase the Company's products for use in new production facilities or for
upgrading existing test lines for the introduction of next generation
products.  Construction of new facilities and upgrades of existing facilities
have in some cases been delayed or canceled during the most recent
semiconductor industry downturn.  A large portion of the Company's net sales
are attributable to a few customers and therefore a reduction in purchases by
one or more customers could materially adversely affect the Company's
financial results.  There can be no assurance that the semiconductor industry
will grow in the future at the same rates as it has grown historically.  Any
downturn or slowdown in the semiconductor industry would have a material
adverse effect on the Company's business, financial condition and operating
results.  In addition, the need to maintain investment in research and
development and to maintain customer service and support will limit the
Company's ability to reduce its expenses in response to any such downturn or
slowdown period.

    The semiconductor equipment manufacturing industry has historically been
subject to a relatively high rate of purchase order cancellation by customers
as compared to other high technology industry sectors.  Manufacturing
companies that are the customers of semiconductor equipment companies
frequently revise, postpone and cancel capital facility expansion plans.  In
such cases, semiconductor equipment companies may experience a significant
rate of cancellations and reschedulings of purchase orders.  There can be no
assurance that the Company will not be materially adversely affected by future
cancellations and reschedulings.

    POSSIBLE VOLATILITY OF STOCK PRICE.  The market price of the Company's
Common Stock has been, and may continue to be, extremely volatile.  The
Company believes that factors such as announcements of developments related to
the Company's business, fluctuations in the Company's operating results,
failure to meet securities analysts' expectations, general conditions in the
semiconductor and semiconductor equipment industries and the worldwide
economy, announcement of technological innovations, new systems or product
enhancements by the Company or its competitors, fluctuations in the level of
cooperative development funding, acquisitions, changes in governmental
regulations, developments in patents or other intellectual property rights and
changes in the Company's relationships with customers and suppliers could
cause the price of the Company's Common Stock to fluctuate substantially.  In
addition, in recent years the stock market in general, and the market for
small capitalization and high technology stocks in particular, has experienced
extreme price fluctuations which have often been unrelated to the operating
performance of affected companies.  Such fluctuations could adversely affect
the market price of the Company's Common Stock.

    MANAGEMENT OF CHANGING BUSINESS.  If the Company is to be successful, it
must expand its operations.  Such expansion will place a significant strain on
the Company's administrative, operational and financial resources.  Further,
such expansion will result in a continuing increase in the responsibility
placed upon management personnel and will require development or enhancement
of operational, managerial and financial systems and controls.  If the Company
is unable to manage the expansion of its operations effectively, the Company's
business, financial condition and operating results will be materially and
adversely affected.

    DEPENDENCE ON KEY PERSONNEL; ABILITY TO ATTRACT AND RETAIN SKILLED
PERSONNEL.  The Company's success depends to a significant extent upon the
continued service of Rhea Posedel, its Chief Executive Officer, as well as
other executive officers and key employees.  The Company does not maintain key
person life insurance for its benefit on any of its personnel, and none of the
Company's employees is subject to a non-competition agreement with the
Company.  The loss of the services of any of its executive officers or a group
of key employees could have a material adverse effect on the Company's
business, financial condition and operating results.  The Company's future
success will depend in significant part upon its ability to attract and retain
highly skilled technical, management, sales and marketing personnel.  There is
a limited number of personnel with the requisite skills to serve in these
positions, and it has become increasingly difficult for the Company to hire
such personnel.  Competition for such personnel in the semiconductor equipment
industry is intense, and there can be no assurance that the Company will be
successful in attracting or retaining such personnel.  The Company's inability
to attract and retain the executive management and other key personnel it
requires will limit its ability to expand its business and would have a
material adverse effect on the Company's business, financial condition and
operating results.

    INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY PROTECTION AND INFRINGEMENT.  The Company's ability
to compete successfully is dependent in part upon its ability to protect its
proprietary technology and information.  Although the Company attempts to
protect its proprietary technology through patents, copyrights, trade secrets
and other measures, there can be no assurance that these measures will be
adequate or that competitors will not be able to develop similar technology
independently.  These competitors would then be able to offer services and
develop, manufacture and sell products, which compete directly with the
Company's services and products.  In that case, the Company's revenues and
operating results could decline.

    Further, there can be no assurance that claims allowed on any patent
issued to the Company will be sufficiently broad to protect the Company's
technology, that any patent will issue from any pending application or that
foreign intellectual

                                   13

<PAGE>
property laws will protect the Company's intellectual property.  The laws of
some foreign countries do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent as
the laws of the U.S., and many companies have encountered significant problems
in protecting their proprietary rights in these foreign countries.  These
problems can be caused by, for example, a lack of rules and processes allowing
for meaningfully defending intellectual property rights.  If the Company does
not adequately protect its intellectual property, competitors may be able to
practice the Company's technologies and erode the Company's competitive
advantage, and the Company's business and operating results could be harmed.

    Litigation may be necessary to enforce or determine the validity and scope
of the Company's proprietary rights, and there can be no assurance that the
Company's intellectual property rights, if challenged, will be upheld as
valid.  Such litigation could result in substantial costs and diversion of
resources and could have a material adverse effect on the Company's business,
financial condition and operating results, regardless of the outcome of the
litigation.  In addition, there can be no assurance that any of the patents
issued to the Company will not be challenged, invalidated or circumvented or
that the rights granted thereunder will provide competitive advantages to the
Company.  The Company will be able to protect its proprietary rights from
unauthorized use by third parties only to the extent that the Company's
proprietary technologies are covered by valid and enforceable patents or are
effectively maintained trade secrets.

    There are no pending claims against the Company regarding infringement of
any patents or other intellectual property rights of others.  However, the
Company may receive, in the future, communications from third parties
asserting intellectual property claims against the Company.  Such claims could
include assertions that the Company's products infringe, or may infringe, the
proprietary rights of third parties, requests for indemnification against such
infringement or suggestions that the Company may be interested in acquiring a
license from such third parties.  There can be no assurance that any such
claim made in the future will not result in litigation, which could involve
significant expense  to the Company, and, if the Company is required or deems
it appropriate to obtain a license relating to one or more products or
technologies, there can be no assurance that the Company would be able to do
so on commercially reasonable terms, or at all.

    ENVIRONMENTAL REGULATIONS.  Federal, state and local regulations impose
various controls on the use, storage, discharge, handling, emission,
generation, manufacture and disposal of toxic or other hazardous substances
used in the Company's operations.  The Company believes that its activities
conform in all material respects to current environmental and land use
regulations applicable to its operations and its current facilities and that
it has obtained environmental permits necessary to conduct its business.
Nevertheless, the failure to comply with current or future regulations could
result in substantial fines being imposed on the Company, suspension of
production, alteration of its manufacturing processes or cessation of
operations.  Such regulations could require the Company to acquire expensive
remediation equipment or to incur substantial expenses to comply with
environmental regulations.  Any failure by the Company to control the use,
disposal or storage of, or adequately restrict the discharge of, hazardous or
toxic substances could subject the Company to significant liabilities.


                                    14


<PAGE>
                                  MANAGEMENT

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS OF THE COMPANY

    The directors of the Company are elected annually.  The executive officers
of the Company serve with no specific term of office.  The executive officers
and directors of the Company are as follows:

Name of Executive Officer     Age       Positions with the Company
----------------------------  ----  -----------------------------------
Rhea J. Posedel............... 64   Chief Executive Officer and
                                      Chairman of the Board of Directors

Gary L. Larson................ 56   Vice President of Finance and Chief
                                      Financial Officer

Carl N. Buck.................. 54   Vice President of Marketing and Contactor
                                      Business Group

David S. Hendrickson.......... 49   Vice President of Engineering

Gregory M. Perkins............ 52   Vice President of Worldwide Sales
                                      and Service

Kunio Sano.................... 50   President, Aehr Test Systems Japan K.K.

Robert R. Anderson (1)(2)..... 68   Director

William W. R. Elder (1)(2)(3). 67   Director

Mukesh Patel (1)(3)........... 48   Director

Mario M. Rosati............... 60   Director and Secretary

----------------------------
(1) Member of the Audit Committee.

(2) Member of the Compensation Committee.

(3) Member of the Nominating and Governance Committee.

    RHEA J. POSEDEL is a founder of the Company and has served as Chief
Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors since its inception
in 1977.  From the Company's inception through May 2000, Mr. Posedel also
served as President.  Prior to founding the Company, Mr. Posedel held various
project engineering and engineering managerial positions at Lockheed Martin
Corporation (formerly Lockheed Missile & Space Corporation), Ampex
Corporation, and Cohu, Inc.  He received a B.S. in Electrical Engineering from
the University of California, Berkeley, an M.S. in Electrical Engineering from
San Jose State University and an M.B.A. from Golden Gate University.

    GARY L. LARSON joined the Company in April 1991 as Chief Financial Officer
and was elected Vice President of Finance in February 1992.  From 1986 to
1990, he served as Chief Financial Officer, and from 1988 to 1990 also as
President and Chief Operating Officer, of Nanometrics Incorporated, a
manufacturer of measurement and inspection equipment for the semiconductor
industry.  Mr. Larson received a B.S. in Mathematics/Finance from Harvey Mudd
College.

    CARL N. BUCK joined the Company as a Product Marketing Manager in 1983 and
held various positions until he was elected Vice President of Engineering in
November 1992, Vice President of Research and Development Engineering in
November 1996, Vice President of Marketing in September 1997, Vice President
of Contactor Business Group in May 2002 and Vice President of Marketing and
Contactor Business Group in October 2005.  From 1978 to 1983, Mr. Buck served
as Product Marketing Manager at Intel Corporation, an integrated circuit and
microprocessor company.  Mr. Buck received a B.S.E.E. from Princeton
University, an M.S. in Electrical Engineering from the University of Maryland
and an M.B.A. from Stanford University.

                                   15

<PAGE>
    DAVID S. HENDRICKSON joined the Company as Vice President of Engineering
in October 2000.  From 1999 to 2000, Mr. Hendrickson served as Platform
General Manager, and from 1998 to 1999 as Engineering Director and Software
Director, of Siemens Medical (formerly Acuson Corporation), a medical
ultrasound products company.  From 1990 to 1995, Mr. Hendrickson served as
Director of Engineering and Director of Software of Teradyne Inc. (formerly
Megatest Corporation), a manufacturer of semiconductor capital equipment.  Mr.
Hendrickson received a B.S. in Computer Science from Illinois Institute of
Technology.

    GREGORY M. PERKINS joined the Company as Vice President of Worldwide Sales
and Service in June 2004.  From 2001 to 2003, Mr. Perkins served as Vice
President of North America Customer Operations and then Vice President of
North American and European Sales, for Electroglas Corporation, a producer of
semiconductor wafer probers.  From 1999 to 2001, he served as Vice President
of Sales at Advantest America, Inc., a semiconductor tester company, and from
1997 to 1999 as Vice President of Worldwide Sales and Field Operations at LTX
Corporation, a semiconductor tester company.  From 1978 to 1997, Mr. Perkins
held multiple management positions over 19 years with General Electric Company
including Senior Vice President of Marketing and Business Development for GE
Capital Computer Leasing.  Mr. Perkins received a B.S. in Environmental Health
Technologies from Quinnipiac University.

    KUNIO SANO joined the Company as Vice President, Aehr Test Systems Japan
K.K., the Company's subsidiary in Japan, in June 1998 and was elected
President, Aehr Test Systems Japan K.K. in January 2001.  From 1991 to 1998,
he served as Manager of Development Engineering Department at Tokyo Electron
Yamanashi Limited, a leading worldwide semiconductor equipment manufacturer.
Mr. Sano received a B.S.E.E. from Sagami Institute of Technology in Kanagawa,
Japan.

    ROBERT R. ANDERSON was appointed to the Company's Board of Directors in
October 2000.  Mr. Anderson is a private investor.  From January 1994 to
January 2001, he was Chairman of Silicon Valley Research, Inc., a
semiconductor design automation software company, and its Chief Executive
Officer from December 1996 to August 1998, and from April 1994 to July 1995.
He also served as Chairman of Yield Dynamics, Inc., a private semiconductor
process control software company, from October 1998 to October 2000, and as
Chief Executive Officer from October 1998 to April 2000.  Mr. Anderson co-
founded KLA Instruments Corporation, now KLA-Tencor Corporation, a supplier of
semiconductor process control systems, in 1975 and served in various
capacities including Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Vice
Chairman and Chairman before he retired from that company in 1994.  Mr.
Anderson is Chairman of Aviza Technology, Inc., a semiconductor equipment
company, and is a director of MKS Instruments, Inc., a semiconductor
components and equipment supplier.  He also serves as a director for two
private companies.

    WILLIAM W. R. ELDER has been a director of the Company since 1989.  Dr.
Elder was the Chief Executive Officer of Genus, Inc. a semiconductor equipment
company, which was recently acquired by AIXTRON AG ("AIXTRON"), and he
currently serves as the Chairman of the Silicon Semiconductor Technologies
Group and as a member of the Executive Board of AIXTRON.  Dr. Elder also
serves as a Board Member of Maskless Lithography Inc., a capital equipment
start-up company based in San Jose, California.  Dr. Elder holds a B.S.I.E.
and an honorary Doctorate Degree from the University of Paisley in Scotland.

    MUKESH PATEL was appointed to the Company's Board of Directors in June
1999.  Mr. Patel is a leading entrepreneur in the Silicon Valley who founded
Sparkolor Corporation, acquired by Intel Corporation in late 2002, and co-
founded SMART Modular Technologies, Inc., a high value added memory products
company, acquired by Solectron Corporation in late 1999.  Mr. Patel holds a
B.S. degree in Engineering with an emphasis in digital electronics from Bombay
University, India.  Mr. Patel also serves as a Board member for several
privately-held companies.

    MARIO M. ROSATI has been a director of the Company since 1977.  He is a
member of the law firm Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, Professional
Corporation which he joined in 1971.  Mr. Rosati holds a B.A. from the
University of California, Los Angeles and a J.D. from the University of
California, Berkeley, Boalt Hall School of Law.  Mr. Rosati is a director of
Sanmina-SCI Corporation, an electronics manufacturing services company, Symyx
Technologies, Inc., a combinatorial materials science company, and Vivus Inc.,
a specialty pharmaceutical company, all publicly held companies, as well as
several  privately-held companies.

DIRECTORS' COMPENSATION AND OTHER ARRANGEMENTS

    Rhea J. Posedel, the only inside director of the Company, does not receive
any cash compensation for his services as a member of the Board of Directors.
Each outside director receives (1) an annual retainer of $15,000, (2) $1,875
for each regular board meeting he attends, and (3) $1,125 for each committee
meeting he attends if not held in conjunction with a regular board meeting, in
addition to being reimbursed for certain expenses incurred in attending Board
and committee meetings.  Prior to each annual meeting of shareholders, each
outside director may elect to receive an additional stock


                                    16
<PAGE>
option grant in lieu of any cash payments throughout the year.  An inside
director is a director who is a regular employee of the Company, whereas an
outside director is not an employee of the Company.  Directors are eligible to
participate in the Company's stock option plans.  In fiscal 2004, outside
directors Robert Anderson, William Elder, Mukesh Patel and Mario Rosati were
each granted options to purchase 5,000 shares at $3.79 per share.
Additionally, Robert Anderson and Mukesh Patel were each granted options to
purchase 9,499 shares at $3.79 per share pursuant to an agreement to take
these options in lieu of cash payments throughout the fiscal year.  In fiscal
2005, outside directors Robert Anderson, William Elder, Mukesh Patel and Mario
Rosati were each granted options to purchase 5,000 shares at $2.89 per share.
Additionally, Robert Anderson and Mukesh Patel were each granted options to
purchase 12,676 shares at $2.84 per share pursuant to an agreement to take
these options in lieu of cash payments throughout the fiscal year.  In fiscal
2006, outside directors Robert Anderson, William Elder, Mukesh Patel and Mario
Rosati were each granted options to purchase 5,000 shares at $3.66 per share.
Additionally, Robert Anderson and Mukesh Patel were each granted options to
purchase 14,754 shares at $3.66 per share pursuant to an agreement to take
these options in lieu of cash payments throughout the fiscal year.

    The Board of Directors has a Compensation Committee, an Audit Committee
and a Nominating and Governance Committee.  The Compensation Committee makes
recommendations to the Board of Directors regarding executive compensation
matters, including decisions relating to salary and bonus and grants of stock
options.  The Audit Committee approves the appointment of the Company's
independent registered public accounting firm, reviews the results and scope
of annual audits and other accounting related services, and reviews and
evaluates the Company's internal control functions.   The Nominating and
Governance Committee reviews and makes recommendations to the Board of
Directors regarding matters concerning corporate governance; reviews the
composition and evaluates the performance of the Board of Directors; selects,
or recommends for the selection of the Board of Directors, director nominees;
and evaluates director compensation; reviews the composition of committees of
the Board of Directors and recommends persons to be members of such committee;
and reviews conflicts of interest of members of the Board of Directors and
corporate officers.

    The information required by this item relating to the audit committee
expert is incorporated by reference to the section entitled "Audit Committee"
of the Proxy Statement.

    The information required by this item relating to Code of Ethics is
incorporated by reference to the section entitled "Code of Ethics" of the
Proxy Statement.


Item 2.   Properties

    The Company's principal administrative and production facilities are
located in Fremont, California, in a 51,289 square foot building.  The lease
on this building expires in December 2009; the Company has an option to extend
the lease of its headquarters building for an additional five years period at
rates to be determined.  The Company's Japan facility is located in Tokyo in a
4,294 square foot building under a lease which expires in 2007.  The Company
leases a sales and support office on a month-to-month basis in Utting,
Germany.  The Company leases a sales and support office in Hsinchu, Taiwan
under a lease which expires in 2007.  The Company's and its subsidiaries'
annual rental payments currently aggregate approximately $901,000.  The
Company periodically evaluates its global operations and facilities to bring
its capacity in line with demand and to provide cost efficient services for
its customers.  In prior years, through this process, the Company has moved
from certain facilities that exceeded the capacity required to satisfy its
needs.  The Company believes that its existing facilities are adequate to meet
its current and reasonably foreseeable requirements. The Company regularly
evaluates its expected future facilities requirements and believes that
alternate facilities would be available if needed.

Item 3.   Legal Proceedings

    None.

Item 4.   Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders

    None.

                                    17


<PAGE>
                                 PART II

Item 5.   Market for the Registrant's Common Equity and Related Shareholder
Matters

    The Company's Common Stock has been publicly traded on the Nasdaq Global
Market under the symbol "AEHR" since the Company's initial public offering
("IPO") on August 15, 1997.  The initial public offering price was $12.00 per
share.  The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the high
and low sale prices for the Common Stock on such market.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                         High       Low
                                                      --------- ---------
<S>                                                   <C>       <C>
Fiscal 2006:
 First quarter ended August 31, 2005................    $3.43     $2.50
 Second quarter ended November 30, 2005.............     4.38      2.54
 Third quarter ended February 28, 2006..............     4.65      3.40
 Fourth quarter ended May 31, 2006..................     6.95      3.60

Fiscal 2005:
 First quarter ended August 31, 2004................    $4.59     $2.90
 Second quarter ended November 30, 2004.............     4.28      2.18
 Third quarter ended February 28, 2005..............     4.45      2.18
 Fourth quarter ended May 31, 2005..................     3.65      2.36
</TABLE>

    At August 7, 2006, the Company had 116 holders of record of its Common
Stock.  The Company estimates the number of beneficial owners of the Company's
Common Stock at August 7, 2006 to be 1,238.

    The market price of the Company's Common Stock has been volatile.  For a
discussion of the factors affecting the Company's stock price, see "Factors
that may affect future results of operations -- possible volatility of stock
price."

    The Company has not paid cash dividends on its Common Stock or other
securities.  The Company currently anticipates that it will retain its future
earnings, if any, for use in the expansion and operation of its business and
does not anticipate paying any cash dividends on its Common Stock in the
foreseeable future.

    The Company has not repurchased any of its Common Stock during the fiscal
year ended May 31, 2006.


EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION

    The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the
information under the caption "Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners, Directors and Management" of the Proxy Statement and Part III, Item 12
of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.


                                    18


<PAGE>
Item 6.   Selected Financial Data (in thousands except per share data):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                                                   Fiscal Year Ended May 31,
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------
                                                       2006       2005       2004       2003       2002
                                                   ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ----------
<S>                                                <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS:
Net sales.....................................        $23,801    $16,080    $15,800    $15,092    $12,568
Cost of sales.................................         13,165     11,817     10,092      9,354      6,488
                                                   ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ----------
Gross profit..................................         10,636      4,263      5,708      5,738      6,080
                                                   ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ----------
Operating expenses:
  Selling, general and administrative.........          5,842      5,215      5,572      5,919      6,547
  Research and development....................          4,339      4,023      4,645      4,543      4,036
                                                   ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ----------
    Total operating expenses..................         10,181      9,238     10,217     10,462     10,583
                                                   ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ----------
Income (loss) from operations.................            455     (4,975)    (4,509)    (4,724)    (4,503)

Interest income...............................            255        155        333        252        520
Other income (expense), net...................             79         86        293       (146)       (43)
                                                   ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ----------
Income (loss) before income taxes.............            789     (4,734)    (3,883)    (4,618)    (4,026)

Income tax expense (benefit)..................            (21)       136         76        (74)     1,241
                                                   ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ----------
Net income (loss).............................        $   810    $(4,870)   $(3,959)   $(4,544)   $(5,267)
                                                   ========== ========== ========== ========== ==========

Net income (loss) per share:
  Basic and diluted...........................        $  0.11    $ (0.66)   $ (0.55)   $ (0.63)   $ (0.74)

Shares used in per share calculation
  Basic.......................................          7,515      7,420      7,248      7,161      7,151
  Diluted.....................................          7,605      7,420      7,248      7,161      7,151
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                           May 31,
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------
                                                       2006       2005       2004       2003       2002
                                                   ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ----------
<S>                                                <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS:
Cash and cash equivalents.....................        $ 9,405    $ 4,952    $ 4,041    $ 5,712    $ 5,435
Working capital...............................         17,323     15,342     18,944     21,974     25,952
Total assets..................................         24,893     21,469     26,812     28,247     33,818
Long-term obligations, less current portion...            264        332        333        309        259
Total shareholders' equity....................         18,817     17,452     22,204     25,345     29,885
</TABLE>


Item 7.   Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations

    The following discussion and analysis of the financial condition and
results of operations of the Company should be read in conjunction with
"Selected Consolidated Financial Data" and the Consolidated Financial
Statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K.

    This Management's Discussion and Analysis section and other parts of this
Annual Report on Form 10-K contain forward-looking statements that involve
risks and uncertainties, as well as assumptions that, if they never
materialize or prove incorrect, could cause the results of the Company to
differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking
statements.  These statements typically may be identified by the use of
forward-looking words or phrases such as "believe," "expect," "intend,"
"anticipate," "should," "planned," "estimated," and "potential," among others.
All forward-looking statements included in this document are based on our
current expectations, and we assume no obligation to update any such forward-
looking statements.  All statements other than statements of historical fact
are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements, including any
projections of earnings, revenues or other financial items; any statements of
the plans, strategies and objectives of management for future operations; any
statements concerning proposed new products, services or developments; any
statements regarding future economic conditions or performance; any statements
of belief; and any statement of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing.
The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a "safe harbor"
for such forward-looking statements. In order to comply with the terms of the
safe harbor, we note that a variety of factors could cause actual results and
experience to differ materially from the anticipated results or other
expectations expressed in such forward-looking statements. The risks,
uncertainties and assumptions referred to above include, but are not limited
to, the ability of the Company to retain and motivate key employees; the
timely development, production and acceptance of products and services and
their feature sets; the challenge of managing asset levels, including
inventory; the flow of products into third-party distribution channels;
marketing efforts; levels of competition; the difficulty of keeping expense
growth at modest levels while increasing revenues; operating and capital
requirements; and other risks that are described from time to time

                                   19

<PAGE>
in the Company's Securities and Exchange Commission reports, including but not
limited to this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31,
2006 and subsequently filed reports.

OVERVIEW

    The Company was founded in 1977 to develop and manufacture burn-in and
test equipment for the semiconductor industry.  Since its inception, the
Company has sold more than 2,500 systems to semiconductor manufacturers,
semiconductor contract assemblers and burn-in and test service companies
worldwide.  The Company's principal products currently are the MTX massively
parallel test system, the MAX burn-in system and the FOX full wafer contact
parallel test and burn-in system, the DiePak carrier and test fixtures.

    The Company's net sales consist primarily of sales of systems, die
carriers, test fixtures, upgrades and spare parts and revenues from service
contracts.  The Company's selling arrangements may include contractual
customer acceptance provisions and installation of the product occurs after
shipment and transfer of title.

    As a result, effective June 1, 2000, to comply with the provisions of
Staff Accounting Bulletin ("SAB") No. 101, Revenue Recognition, the Company
recognizes revenue upon shipment and defers recognition of revenue for any
amounts subject to acceptance until such acceptance occurs.  The amount of
revenue deferred is the greater of the fair value of the undelivered element
or the contractual agreed to amounts.  In accordance with this revenue
recognition policy, when multiple elements or deliverables exist, the Company
allocates the purchase price based on vendor specific objective evidence or
third-party evidence of fair value and defers revenue recognition on the
undelivered portions or elements.  Historically, these multiple deliverables
have included items such as extended support provisions, training to be
supplied after delivery of the systems, and test programs specific to
customers' routine applications.  Test programs can be written either by the
customer, other firms or by the Company.  The amount of revenue deferred in
connection with an undelivered element is the greater of the fair value of the
undelivered element or the contractually agreed to amount.

    Royalty revenue related to licensing income from performance test boards
and burn-in boards is recognized when paid by a licensee.  This income is
recorded in net sales.  Provisions for the estimated future cost of warranty
and installation are recorded at the time the products are shipped.

    A substantial portion of the Company's net sales is derived from the sale
of products to overseas markets.  Consequently, an increase in the value of
the U.S. Dollar relative to foreign currencies would increase the cost of the
Company's products compared to products sold by companies using the local
currency in such markets.  Although most sales to European customers are
denominated in U.S. Dollars, substantially all sales to Japanese customers are
denominated in Yen.  Since the price is determined at the time a purchase
order is accepted, the Company is exposed to the risks of fluctuations in the
Yen-U.S. Dollar exchange rate during the lengthy period from purchase order to
ultimate payment.  The length of time between receipt of order and ultimate
payment typically ranges from six to twelve months.  The exchange rate risk is
partially offset to the extent the Company's Japanese subsidiary incurs
expenses payable in Yen.  To date, the Company has not invested in instruments
designed to hedge these or other currency risks, but it may do so in the
future.  The Company's Japanese subsidiary typically carries debt or other
obligations due to the Company that may be denominated in either Yen or U.S.
Dollars.

    The Company's terms of sales with distributors are FOB shipping point with
payment due within 60 days.  The only right of return is if the equipment does
not meet the published specifications.  All products go through in-house
testing and verification of specifications before shipment.  Apart from
warranty reserves, credits issued have not been material as a percentage of
net sales.  The Company's distributors do not carry inventories of our
products.  Instead, the distributors place orders with the Company at or about
the time they receive orders from their customers.  The Company's shipment
terms to our distributors do not provide for credits or right of return.
Because the Company's distributors do not carry inventories of our products,
they do not have rights to price protection or to return products.  At the
time the Company ships products to the distributors, the price is fixed.
Subsequent to the issuance of the invoice, there are no discounts or special
terms.  Paragraph 6 of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards ("SFAS")
No. 48, "Revenue Recognition When Right of Return Exists", is not applicable
because the Company does not give the buyer the right to return the product or
to receive future price concessions.  The Company's arrangements do not
include vendor consideration as described in Emerging Issues Task Force No.
01-09, Accounting for Consideration Given by a Vendor to a Customer (Including
a Reseller of the Vendor's Products).

    In accordance with SFAS No. 86, "Accounting for the Costs of Computer
Software to be Sold, Leased, or Otherwise Marketed", the Company capitalizes
its systems software development costs incurred after a system achieves
technological feasibility and before first commercial shipment.  Such costs
typically represent a small portion of total research and development costs.
No system software development costs were capitalized or amortized in fiscal
2006, 2005 or 2004.
                                    20
<PAGE>
CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES

    The Company's discussion and analysis of its financial condition and
results of operations are based upon the Company's consolidated financial
statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America.  The preparation of these
consolidated financial statements requires the Company to make estimates and
judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues
and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities.  On
an ongoing basis, the Company evaluates its estimates, including those related
to customer programs and incentives, product returns, bad debts, inventories,
investments, intangible assets, income taxes, financing operations, warranty
obligations, long-term service contracts, and contingencies and litigation.
The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other
assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the
results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values
of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources.
Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or
conditions.

    The Company believes the following critical accounting policies affect its
more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of its
consolidated financial statements.

    REVENUE RECOGNITION

    The Company follows very specific and detailed guidelines in measuring
revenue in accordance with SAB 104, Revenue Recognition; however, certain
judgments affect the application of the policy.  For example, the Company's
revenue recognition policy is affected by estimated reductions to revenue for
special pricing agreements, price protection, promotions and other volume-
based incentives.  The Company maintains allowances for doubtful accounts for
estimated losses resulting from the inability of its customers to make
required payments.  If the financial conditions of the Company's customers
deteriorate, resulting in an impairment of their ability to make payments,
additional allowances may be required.

    WARRANTY OBLIGATIONS

    The Company provides and records the estimated cost of product warranties
at the time products are shipped.  While the Company engages in extensive
product quality programs and processes, including actively monitoring and
evaluating the quality of its component suppliers, the Company's warranty
obligation is affected by product failure rates, material usage and service
delivery costs incurred in correcting a product failure.  The Company's
estimate of warranty reserve is based on management assessment of future
warranty obligations and on historical warranty obligations.  Should actual
product failure rates, material usage or service delivery costs differ from
the Company's estimates, revisions to the estimated warranty liability would
be required, which could affect how the Company accounts for expenses.

    INVENTORY OBSOLESCENCE

    In each of the last three fiscal years, the Company has written down its
inventory for estimated obsolescence or unmarketable inventory by an amount
equal to the difference between the cost of inventory and the estimated market
value based upon assumptions about future demand and market conditions.  If
future market conditions are less favorable than those projected by
management, additional inventory write-downs may be required.

    INVESTMENT IMPAIRMENT

    The Company records an investment impairment charge when it believes an
investment has experienced a decline in value that is other than temporary.
The Company has recorded investment impairments when it believed that the
investment had experienced a decline in value that was other than temporary.
Future adverse changes in market conditions or poor operating results of
underlying investments could result in losses or an inability to recover the
carrying value of the investments that may not be reflected in an investment's
current carrying value, thereby possibly requiring an impairment charge in the
future.

    DEFERRED TAX ASSETS

    The Company records a valuation allowance to reduce its deferred tax
assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized.  While the
Company has considered future taxable income and ongoing prudent and feasible
tax planning strategies in assessing the need for the valuation allowance, in
the event the Company determines that it would be able to realize its deferred
tax assets in the future in excess of its net recorded amount, an adjustment
to the deferred tax asset

                                    21
<PAGE>
would increase income in the period such determination is made.  Likewise,
should the Company determine that it would not be able to realize all or part
of its net deferred tax asset in the future, an adjustment to the deferred tax
asset would be charged to income in the period such determination is made.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

    The following table sets forth statements of operations data as a
percentage of net sales for the periods indicated.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                      Year Ended May 31,
                                                ----------------------------
                                                   2006     2005     2004
                                                --------- --------- --------
<S>                                             <C>       <C>       <C>
Net sales ................................        100.0 %   100.0 %  100.0 %
Cost of sales ............................         55.3      73.5     63.9
                                                --------- --------- --------
Gross profit .............................         44.7      26.5     36.1
                                                --------- --------- --------
Operating expenses:
  Selling, general and administrative.....         24.5      32.4     35.3
  Research and development................         18.2      25.0     29.4
                                                --------- --------- --------
    Total operating expenses..............         42.7      57.4     64.7
                                                --------- --------- --------
    Income (loss) from operations.........          2.0     (30.9)   (28.6)

Interest income...........................          1.0       1.0      2.1
Other income (expense), net...............          0.3       0.5      1.9
                                                --------- --------- --------
    Income (loss) before income taxes.....          3.3     (29.4)   (24.6)

Income tax expense (benefit)..............         (0.1)      0.9      0.5
                                                --------- --------- --------
Net income (loss).........................          3.4 %   (30.3)%  (25.1)%
                                                ========= ========= ========
</TABLE>

FISCAL YEAR ENDED MAY 31, 2006 COMPARED TO FISCAL YEAR ENDED MAY 31, 2005

    NET SALES.  Net sales consist primarily of sales of systems, die carriers,
test fixtures, upgrades and spare parts and revenues from service contracts.
Net sales increased to $23.8 million in the fiscal year ended May 31, 2006
from $16.1 million in the fiscal year ended May 31, 2005, an increase of
48.0%.  The increase in net sales in fiscal 2006 resulted primarily from an
increase in net sales of the Company's MAX monitored burn-in products.  The
Company expects first quarter fiscal 2007 net sales to be similar to the level
it experienced in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2006.

    GROSS PROFIT.  Gross profit consists of net sales less cost of sales.
Cost of sales consists primarily of the cost of materials, assembly and test
costs, and overhead from operations.  Gross profit increased to $10.6 million
in the fiscal year ended May 31, 2006 from $4.3 million in the fiscal year
ended May 31, 2005, an increase of 149.5%.  Gross profit margin increased to
44.7% in the fiscal year ended May 31, 2006 from 26.5% in the fiscal year
ended May 31, 2005.  Approximately 60% of the increase in gross profit margin
was the result of very low gross profit margins related to MTX pass-through
products in fiscal 2005, discussed below, approximately 20% of the increase in
gross profit margins was the result of lower material costs as a percentage of
net sales, and approximately 20% of the increase in gross profit margins was
related to manufacturing efficiencies resulting from increased production
levels.  Beginning in January 2004, the Company received turnkey MTX system
orders from a single customer, which included certain very low margin products
not typically sold directly by the Company which are used in conjunction with
the Company's systems.  At the customer's request, these products were
included as part of the order.  These products were priced at or near the
Company's cost and are referred to here as "MTX pass-through" products.  There
was a reduction in net sales of MTX pass-through products of $2.8 million from
fiscal 2005 to fiscal 2006.  Since the Company does not typically accept
orders for MTX pass-through products, it has requested that, going forward,
the customer purchase these MTX pass-through products directly through the
vendors that currently manufacture such products.  The customer has already
ordered some of these products directly from the vendors.  The customer has
not advised the Company of its intent to purchase any additional MTX pass-
through products from the Company.

                                     22

<PAGE>
    SELLING, GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE.  Selling, general and administrative
("SG&A") expenses consist primarily of salaries and related costs of
employees, customer support costs, commission expenses to independent sales
representatives, product promotion and other professional services.  SG&A
expenses increased to $5.8 million in the fiscal year ended May 31, 2006 from
$5.2 million in the fiscal year ended May 31, 2005, an increase of 12.0%.  The
increase in SG&A expenses was primarily due to an increase in employment
related expenses of approximately $286,000 and independent sales
representatives commission expenses of approximately $137,000.  As a
percentage of net sales, SG&A expenses decreased to 24.5% in the fiscal year
ended May 31, 2006 from 32.4% in the fiscal year ended May 31, 2005,
reflecting higher net sales.

    RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT.  Research and development ("R&D") expenses
consist primarily of salaries and related costs of employees engaged in
ongoing research, design and development activities, costs of engineering
materials and supplies, and professional consulting expenses.  R&D expenses
increased to $4.3 million in the fiscal year ended May 31, 2006 from $4.0
million in the fiscal year ended May 31, 2005, an increase of 7.9%.  The
increase in R&D expenses was primarily due to an increase in employment
related expenses.  As a percentage of net sales, R&D expenses decreased to
18.2% in the fiscal year ended May 31, 2006 from 25.0% in the fiscal year
ended May 31, 2005, reflecting higher net sales.  The Company does not
anticipate significant declines in R&D expenses in the first quarter of fiscal
2007 as the Company continues to perform wafer-level contactor evaluations for
potential customers.

    INTEREST INCOME.  Interest income increased to $255,000 in the fiscal year
ended May 31, 2006 from $155,000 in the fiscal year ended May 31, 2005, an
increase of 64.5%.  The increase from fiscal 2005 was primarily attributable
to higher interest rates earned on the Company's invested amounts in fiscal
2006.

    OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE), NET.  Other income, net decreased to $79,000 in
the fiscal year ended May 31, 2006 from $86,000 in the fiscal year ended May
31, 2005.

    INCOME TAX EXPENSE (BENEFIT).  Income tax benefit was $21,000 in the
fiscal year ended May 31, 2006, compared with income tax expense of $136,000
in the fiscal year ended May 31, 2005.  The income tax benefit in the fiscal
year ended May 31, 2006 was related to the tax benefit recorded by the Company
as a result of losses incurred in the Company's German subsidiary.  The income
tax expense in the fiscal year ended May 31, 2005 was related primarily to the
tax expense recorded as a result of income earned in the Company's Germany
subsidiary.  The Company's U.S. operations and its Japanese subsidiary have
experienced significant cumulative losses and thus generated certain net
operating losses available to offset future taxes payable in the U.S. and
Japan.  As a result of the cumulative operating losses in the Company's U.S.
operations and its Japanese subsidiary, a valuation allowance was established
for the full amount of its net deferred tax assets for both its U.S.
operations and its Japanese subsidiary.


FISCAL YEAR ENDED MAY 31, 2005 COMPARED TO FISCAL YEAR ENDED MAY 31, 2004

    NET SALES.  Net sales increased to $16.1 million in the fiscal year ended
May 31, 2005 from $15.8 million in the fiscal year ended May 31, 2004, an
increase of 1.8%.  The increase in net sales in fiscal 2005 resulted primarily
from an increase in net sales of the Company's MTX products, partially offset
by decreases in net sales of the Company's dynamic burn-in products and
wafer/die level products.  Net sales of the Company's MTX products in fiscal
2005 were $6.6 million, and increased approximately $3.2 million from fiscal
2004.  Net sales of the Company's monitored burn-in products in fiscal 2005
were $8.8 million, and decreased approximately $2.0 million from fiscal 2004.
Net sales of the Company's wafer/die level products in fiscal 2005 were
$662,000, and decreased approximately $839,000 from fiscal 2004.

    GROSS PROFIT.  Gross profit decreased to $4.3 million in the fiscal year
ended May 31, 2005 from $5.7 million in the fiscal year ended May 31, 2004, a
decrease of 25.3%.  Gross profit margin decreased to 26.5% in the fiscal year
ended May 31, 2005 from 36.1% in the fiscal year ended May 31, 2004.
Approximately 70% of the decrease in gross profit margin was the result of the
underabsorption of labor and overhead resulting from lower production levels,
and approximately 30% of the decrease in gross profit margin was the result of
very low gross profit margins related to MTX pass-through products.

    SELLING, GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE.  SG&A expenses decreased to $5.2
million in the fiscal year ended May 31, 2005 from $5.6 million in the fiscal
year ended May 31, 2004, a decrease of 6.4%.  The decrease in SG&A expenses
was primarily due to a decrease in employment related expenses.  As a
percentage of net sales, SG&A expenses decreased to 32.4% in the fiscal year
ended May 31, 2005 from 35.3% in the fiscal year ended May 31, 2004.

                                   23

<PAGE>
    RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT.  R&D expenses decreased to $4.0 million in the
fiscal year ended May 31, 2005 from $4.6 million in the fiscal year ended May
31, 2004, a decrease of 13.4%.  The decrease in R&D expenses was primarily due
to a decrease in project material expenses which resulted because the
Company's wafer-level burn-in project is approaching the end of the project
development cycle.  As a percentage of net sales, R&D expenses decreased to
25.0% in the fiscal year ended May 31, 2005 from 29.4% in the fiscal year
ended May 31, 2004.

    INTEREST INCOME.  Interest income decreased to $155,000 in the fiscal year
ended May 31, 2005 from $333,000 in the fiscal year ended May 31, 2004, a
decrease of 53.5%.  The decrease in interest income was primarily related to
interest on income tax refunds relating to prior years.  No such tax refund
related income was received in the fiscal year ended May 31, 2005.

    OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE), NET.  Other income, net decreased to $86,000 in
the fiscal year ended May 31, 2005 from $293,000 in the fiscal year ended May
31, 2004.  The decrease in other income, net was primarily due to reduced
income generated by the Company's investment in ESA Electronics Pte Ltd., a
Singapore company.

    INCOME TAX EXPENSE (BENEFIT).  Income tax expense increased to $136,000 in
the fiscal year ended May 31, 2005, from $76,000 in the fiscal year ended May
31, 2004.  The income tax expense in the fiscal year ended May 31, 2005 and in
the fiscal year ended May 31, 2004 related primarily to the tax expense
recorded as a result of increased income earned in the Company's German
subsidiary.  The Company's U.S. operations and its Japanese subsidiary have
experienced significant cumulative losses and thus generated certain net
operating losses available to offset future taxes payable in the U.S. and
Japan.  As a result of the cumulative operating losses in the Company's U.S.
operations and its Japanese subsidiary, a valuation allowance was established
for the full amount of its net deferred tax assets for both its U.S.
operations and its Japanese subsidiary.

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

    The Company's primary source of liquidity has been generated from the
Company's August 1997 initial public offering, which resulted in net proceeds
to the Company of approximately $26.8 million.  As of May 31, 2006, the
Company had $11.0 million in cash and short-term investments.

    Net cash provided by operating activities was approximately $1.5 million
for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2006 and net cash used in operating
activities was approximately $2.5 million for the fiscal year ended May 31,
2005.  For the fiscal year ended May 31, 2006, net cash provided by operating
activities was due primarily to an increase in accrued expenses and deferred
revenue of $2.1 million.  This increase was primarily attributable to an
increase in shipments of products with new technologies requiring customer
acceptance.  For the fiscal year ended May 31, 2005, net cash used in
operating activities was primarily due to the net loss of $4.9 million and an
$864,000 reduction in accounts payable related to older MTX pass-through
purchases, partially offset by decreases in accounts receivable of $1.7
million related to collections from multiple international locations of one
major MTX system customer and inventories of $849,000 primarily related to MAX
and MTX system product shipments.

    Net cash provided by investing activities was approximately $2.5 million
for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2006 and approximately $3.3 million for the
fiscal year ended May 31, 2005.  Net cash provided by investing activities
during the fiscal year ended May 31, 2006 was primarily due to the net
proceeds from sales and maturity of investments of $14.5 million, partially
offset by purchase of investments of $11.9 million.  Net cash provided by
investing activities during the fiscal year ended May 31, 2005 was primarily
due to the net proceeds from sales and maturity of investments of $20.9
million, partially offset by purchase of investments of $17.3 million.

    Financing activities provided cash of approximately $514,000 in the fiscal
year ended May 31, 2006 and $247,000 in the fiscal year ended May 31, 2005.
Net cash provided by financing activities during the fiscal years ended May
31, 2006 and 2005 was primarily due to proceeds from issuance of common stock
and exercise of stock options.

    As of May 31, 2006, the Company had working capital of $17.3 million.
Working capital consists of cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments,
accounts receivable, inventories and prepaid expenses and other current
assets, less current liabilities.

    The Company announced in August 1998 that its board of directors had
authorized the repurchase of up to 1,000,000 shares of its outstanding common
shares.  The Company may repurchase the shares in the open market or in
privately negotiated transactions, from time to time, subject to market
conditions.  The number of shares of common stock actually acquired by the
Company will depend on subsequent developments and corporate needs, and the
repurchase program may be interrupted or discontinued at any time.  Any such
repurchase of shares, if consummated, may use a portion of the Company's
working capital.  As of May 31, 2006, the Company had repurchased 523,700
shares at an

                                    24

<PAGE>
average price of $3.95.  Shared repurchased by the Company are cancelled.
During fiscal 2006, the Company did not repurchase any of its outstanding
common stock.

    The Company leases most of its manufacturing and office space under
operating leases.  The Company entered into a non-cancelable operating lease
agreement for its United States manufacturing and office facilities, which
commenced in December 1999 and expires in December 2009.  Under the lease
agreement, the Company is responsible for payments of utilities, taxes and
insurance.

    From time to time, the Company evaluates potential acquisitions of
businesses, products or technologies that complement the Company's business.
Any such transactions, if consummated, may use a portion of the Company's
working capital or require the issuance of equity.  The Company has no present
understandings, commitments or agreements with respect to any material
acquisitions.

    The Company anticipates that the existing cash balance together with cash
provided by operations, if any, are adequate to meet its working capital and
capital equipment requirements through calendar year 2007.  After calendar
year 2007, depending on its rate of growth and profitability, the Company may
require additional equity or debt financing to meet its working capital
requirements or capital equipment needs.  There can be no assurance that
additional financing will be available when required, or if available, that
such financing can be obtained on terms satisfactory to the Company.

OFF BALANCE SHEET FINANCING

    The Company has not entered into any off-balance sheet financing
arrangements and has not established any special purpose entities.

OVERVIEW OF CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS

    The following table provides a summary of such arrangements, or
contractual obligations.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                           Payments Due by Period (in thousands)
                             ---------------------------------------------------------
                                        Less than      1-3         3-5          5
                               Total      1 year      years       years       years
                             --------- ----------- ----------- ----------- -----------
<S>                          <C>       <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>
Operating Leases.............   $3,149     $  935      $2,214          --         --
Purchases(1).................    2,015      2,015          --          --         --
                             --------- ----------- ----------- ----------- -----------
Total........................   $5,164     $2,950      $2,214          --         --
                             ========= =========== =========== =========== ===========
</TABLE>

(1)  Shown above are the Company's binding purchase obligations. The large
majority of the Company's purchase orders are cancelable by either party,
which if canceled may result in a negotiation with the vendor to determine if
there shall be  any restocking or cancellation fees payable to the vendor.

    In the normal course of business to facilitate sales of its products, the
Company indemnifies other parties, including customers, with respect to
certain matters.  The Company has agreed to hold the other party harmless
against losses arising from a breach of representations or covenants, or from
intellectual property infringement or other claims.  These agreements may
limit the time period within which an indemnification claim can be made and
the amount of the claim.  In addition, the Company has entered into
indemnification agreements with its officers and directors, and the Company's
bylaws contain similar indemnification obligations to the Company's agents.

    It is not possible to determine the maximum potential amount under these
indemnification agreements due to the limited history of prior indemnification
claims and the unique facts and circumstances involved in each particular
agreement.  To date, payments made by the Company under these agreements have
not had a material impact on the Company's operating results, financial
position or cash flows.

RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

    The Company has entered into transactions with ESA Electronics Pte Ltd.
("ESA") in which the Company owned a 12.5% interest at May 31, 2006.  ESA
purchased goods from the Company of approximately $215,000, $142,000 and
$105,000 during fiscal 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively.  In addition, the
Company purchased goods from ESA of approximately $77,000, $2.0 million and
$1.0 million in fiscal 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively.  At May 31, 2006,
2005

                                    25

<PAGE>
and 2004, the Company had amounts payable to ESA of approximately $0, $11,000,
and $935,000, respectively.   At May 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004, the Company had
amounts receivable from ESA of approximately $2,000, $23,000 and $1,000,
respectively.

    Mario M. Rosati, one of the Company's directors, is also a member of
Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, Professional Corporation, which has served
as the Company's outside corporate counsel and has received compensation at
normal commercial rates for these services.

RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

    In November 2004, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards ("SFAS") No. 151, "Inventory Costs
- an Amendment of ARB No. 43, Chapter 4".  This statement clarifies the
accounting for abnormal amounts of idle facility expense, freight, handling
costs, and wasted materials (spoilage) to require them to be recognized as
current-period charges and to require the allocation of fixed production
overhead to inventory based on the normal capacity of a production facility.
This statement is effective for inventory costs incurred during fiscal years
beginning after June 15, 2005.  Earlier application is permitted.  The
adoption of this statement is not expected to have a material impact on the
Company's financial position, results of operations or cash flows.

    In December 2004, the FASB issued SFAS No. 153, "Exchanges of Nonmonetary
Assets - an amendment of APB Opinion No. 29."  This statement amends APB
Opinion No. 29 to eliminate the exception for nonmonetary exchanges of similar
productive assets and replaces it with a general exception for exchanges of
nonmonetary assets that do not have commercial substance.  This statement is
effective for nonmonetary asset exchanges occurring in fiscal periods
beginning after June 15, 2005.  Earlier application is permitted.  The
adoption of this standard is not expected to have a material impact on the
Company's financial position, results of operations or cash flows.

    In December 2004, the FASB issued SFAS No. 123 (Revised 2004), "Share-
Based Payment" ("SFAS 123R"), which is a revision of SFAS No. 123, "Accounting
for Stock-Based Compensation" ("SFAS 123"), and supersedes Accounting
Principles Opinion No. 25 ("APB 25"), "Account for Stock Issued to Employees".
Generally, the approach in SFAS 123R is similar to the approach described in
SFAS 123.  However, SFAS 123R requires all share-based payments to employees,
including grants of employee stock options, to be recognized in the income
statement based on their grant-date fair values.  Pro forma disclosure is no
longer an alternative.  In April 2005, the Securities and Exchange Commission
delayed the effective date of SFAS 123R, which is now effective for the annual
reporting period that begins after June 15, 2005.  The Company will adopt SFAS
123R beginning in the Company's first quarter of fiscal 2007.  We are
currently evaluating the impact of adopting this statement on our financial
position and results of operations.  The impact on our consolidated financial
statements will be dependent on the transition method, the option pricing
model used to compute fair value and the inputs to that model such as
volatility and expected life.  The pro forma disclosures of the impact of SFAS
123 provided in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements may not be
representative of the impact of adopting this statement.  The Company expects
that the adoption of SFAS 123R will have an adverse impact on the Company's
consolidated statements of operations.

    On March 29, 2005, the SEC staff issued SAB No. 107, "Share-Based Payment"
to express the views of the staff regarding the interaction between SFAS 123R
and certain SEC rules and regulations and to provide the staff's views
regarding the valuation of share-based payment arrangements for public
companies. The Company is currently in the process of implementing SFAS 123R,
effective as of June 1, 2006, and will take into consideration the additional
guidance provided by SAB No. 107 in connection with the implementation of SFAS
123R.

    In June 2005, the FASB issued SFAS No. 154 ("SFAS 154"), "Accounting
Changes and Error Corrections - a replacement of APB Opinion No. 20 and FASB
Statement No. 3."  SFAS 154 applies to all voluntary changes in accounting
principle, and changes the requirements for accounting for and reporting of a
change in accounting principle.  SFAS 154 requires retrospective application
to prior periods financial statements of a voluntary change in accounting
principle unless it is impracticable.  SFAS 154 also requires that a change in
method of depreciation, amortization, or depletion for long-lived, non-
financial assets be accounted for as a change in accounting estimate that is
affected by a change in accounting principle.  SFAS 154 is effective for
accounting changes and corrections of errors made in fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2005.  Earlier application is permitted for accounting
changes and corrections of errors made occurring in fiscal years beginning
after June 1, 2005.  SFAS 154 does not change the transition provisions of
any existing accounting pronouncements, including those that are in a
transition phase as of the effective date of this Statement.  The Company does
not believe the adoption of SFAS 154 will have a material impact on its
consolidated financial statements.

    In September 2005, the FASB issued Emerging Issues Task Force Issue
No. 04-13("EITF 04-13"), "Accounting for Purchases and Sales of Inventory with
the Same Counterparty". The issue provides guidance on the circumstances under

                                   26

<PAGE>
which two or more inventory transactions with the same counterparty should be
viewed as a single nonmonetary transaction within the scope of APB Opinion
No. 29, "Accounting for Nonmonetary Transactions." The issue also provides
guidance on circumstances under which nonmonetary exchanges of inventory
within the same line of business should be recognized at fair value. EITF 04-
13 is effective for transactions completed in reporting periods beginning
after March 15, 2006. Adoption of this standard is not expected to have a
material impact on the Company's consolidated financial position, results of
operations or cash flows.

    In November 2005, the FASB issued FASB Staff Position FAS 115-1("FSP FAS
115-1") and FAS 124-1, "The Meaning of Other-Than-Temporary Impairment and Its
Application to Certain Investments", which provides guidance on determining
when investments in certain debt and equity securities are considered
impaired, whether that impairment is other-than-temporary, and on measuring
such impairment loss.  FSP FAS 115-1 also includes accounting considerations
subsequent to the recognition of an other-than-temporary impairment and
requires certain disclosures about unrealized losses that have not been
recognized as other-than-temporary impairments.  FSP FAS 115-1 is required to
be applied to reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2005.  The
Company is required to adopt FSP FAS 115-1 in the first quarter of fiscal
2007.  The Company does not expect the adoption of this statement will have a
material impact on our consolidated result of operations or financial
condition.

    In June 2006, the FASB issued FASB Interpretation No. 48 ("FIN 48")
"Accounting for Uncertain Tax Positions - An Interpretation of FASB Statement
No. 109". FIN 48 clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes
recognized in an enterprise's financial statements in accordance with FASB
Statement No. 109 "Accounting for Income Taxes". It prescribes a recognition
threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition
and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax
return. FIN 48 also provides guidance on derecognition, classification,
interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure, and
transition. FIN 48 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15,
2006. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of FIN 48 to its
financial position and results of operations.

Item 7A.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risks

    The Company considered the provisions of Financial Reporting Release No.
48 "Disclosures of Accounting Policies for Derivative Financial Instruments
and Derivative Commodity Instruments, and Disclosures of Quantitative and
Qualitative Information about Market Risk Inherent in Derivative Commodity
Instruments."  The Company had no holdings of derivative financial or
commodity instruments at May 31, 2006.

    The Company is exposed to financial market risks, including changes in
interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates.  The Company invests
excess cash in a managed portfolio of corporate and government bond
instruments with maturities of 18 months or less.  The Company does not use
any financial instruments for speculative or trading purposes.  Fluctuations
in interest rates would not have a material effect on the Company's financial
position, results of operations or cash flows.

    A majority of the Company's revenue and capital spending is transacted in
U.S. Dollars.  The Company, however, enters into transactions in other
currencies, primarily Japanese Yen.  Substantially all sales to Japanese
customers are denominated in Yen.  Since the price is determined at the time a
purchase order is accepted, the Company is exposed to the risks of
fluctuations in the Yen-U.S. Dollar exchange rate during the lengthy period
from purchase order to ultimate payment.  This exchange rate risk is partially
offset to the extent that the Company's Japanese subsidiary incurs expenses
payable in Yen.  To date, the Company has not invested in instruments designed
to hedge currency risks.  In addition, the Company's Japanese subsidiary
typically carries debt or other obligations due to the Company that may be
denominated in either Yen or U.S. Dollars.  Since the Japanese subsidiary's
financial statements are based in Yen and the Company's consolidated financial
statements are based in U.S. Dollars, the Japanese subsidiary and the Company
recognize foreign exchange gain or loss in any period in which the value of
the Yen rises or falls in relation to the U.S. Dollar.  A 10% decrease in the
value of the Yen as compared with the U.S. Dollar would not be expected to
result in a significant change in the net income or loss.

                                    27

<PAGE>
Item 8.   Financial Statements and Supplementary Data


                                    INDEX


Consolidated Financial Statements of Aehr Test Systems

  Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms ............   29

  Consolidated Balance Sheets at May 31, 2006 and 2005................     31

  Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years
    ended May 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004.................................     32

  Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity and
    Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income for the years
    ended May 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004.................................     33

  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended
    May 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004.......................................     34

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements..........................     35

  Selected Quarterly Consolidated Financial Data (Unaudited)..........     50

  Financial statement schedules not listed above are either omitted because
  they are not applicable or the required information is shown in the
  Consolidated Financial Statements or in the Notes thereto.

                                    28


<PAGE>
                                  REPORT OF
                INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM



To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of
Aehr Test Systems

    We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Aehr Test
Systems and its subsidiaries (the "Company") as of May 31, 2006, and the
related consolidated statements of operations, shareholders' equity and
accumulated other comprehensive income, and cash flows for the year then
ended. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the
Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these
consolidated financial statements based on our audit.

    We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require
that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit
includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and
disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as
well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe
that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

    In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Aehr Test
Systems and its subsidiaries as of May 31, 2006, and the results of their
operations and their cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.


/s/ Burr, Pilger & Mayer LLP


Palo Alto, California
July 17, 2006

                                  29





















<PAGE>

                                  REPORT OF
                INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM



To the Board of Directors and Shareholders
of Aehr Test Systems:


    In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated balance sheet and the
related consolidated statements of operations, of shareholder's equity and
accumulated other comprehensive income and of cash flows present fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position of Aehr Test Systems and its
subsidiaries at May 31, 2005, and the results of their operations and their
cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended May 31, 2005 in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America.  These financial statements are the responsibility of the
Company's management.  Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these
financial statements based on our audits.  We conducted our audits of these
statements in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States).  Those standards require that we plan and
perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on
a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation.  We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our
opinion.


/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

San Jose, California
August 26, 2005


                                    30






















<PAGE>

                            AEHR TEST SYSTEMS AND SUBSIDIARIES
                               CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
                          (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                     May 31,
                                                            -------------------------
                                                                2006           2005
                                                            ----------     ----------
<S>                                                         <C>            <C>
ASSETS

Current assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents ..........................         $ 9,405        $ 4,952
  Short-term investments .............................           1,600          3,813
  Accounts receivable, net ...........................           4,531          2,537
  Inventories ........................................           7,242          7,140
  Prepaid expenses and other .........................             357            585
                                                            ----------     ----------
      Total current assets ...........................          23,135         19,027

Property and equipment, net ..........................             959          1,232
Long-term investments ................................              --            409
Goodwill .............................................             274            274
Other assets .........................................             525            527
                                                            ----------     ----------
      Total assets ...................................         $24,893        $21,469
                                                            ==========     ==========

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

Current liabilities:
  Accounts payable ...................................         $ 1,130        $ 1,050
  Accrued expenses ...................................           2,347          1,943
  Deferred revenue ...................................           2,335            692
                                                            ----------     ----------
      Total current liabilities ......................           5,812          3,685


Deferred lease commitment ............................             264            332
                                                            ----------     ----------
      Total liabilities ..............................           6,076          4,017
                                                            ----------     ----------
Commitments and contingencies (Note 15)

Shareholders' equity:
  Preferred stock, $0.01 par value:
    Authorized: 10,000 shares;
    Issued and outstanding: none .....................              --             --
  Common stock, $0.01 par value:
    Authorized: 75,000 shares;
    Issued and outstanding: 7,630 shares and 7,482
      shares at May 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively ..              76             75
  Additional paid-in capital .........................          38,081         37,568
  Accumulated other comprehensive income ...........             1,291          1,250
  Accumulated deficit ................................         (20,631)       (21,441)
                                                            ----------     ----------
      Total shareholders' equity .....................          18,817         17,452
                                                            ----------     ----------
      Total liabilities and shareholders' equity .....         $24,893        $21,469
                                                            ==========     ==========
</TABLE>

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
statements.




                                    31


<PAGE>
                       AEHR TEST SYSTEMS AND SUBSIDIARIES
                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
                     (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                          Year Ended May 31,
                                                   --------------------------------
                                                       2006       2005       2004
                                                   ---------- ---------- ----------
<S>                                                <C>        <C>        <C>
Net sales.....................................        $23,801    $16,080    $15,800
Cost of sales.................................         13,165     11,817     10,092
                                                   ---------- ---------- ----------
Gross profit..................................         10,636      4,263      5,708
                                                   ---------- ---------- ----------
Operating expenses:
  Selling, general and administrative.........          5,842      5,215      5,572
  Research and development....................          4,339      4,023      4,645
                                                   ---------- ---------- ----------
    Total operating expenses..................         10,181      9,238     10,217
                                                   ---------- ---------- ----------
Income (loss) from operations.................            455     (4,975)    (4,509)

Interest income...............................            255        155        333
Other income (expense), net...................             79         86        293
                                                   ---------- ---------- ----------
Income (loss) before income taxes.............            789     (4,734)    (3,883)

Income tax expense (benefit)..................            (21)       136         76
                                                   ---------- ---------- ----------
Net income (loss).............................        $   810    $(4,870)   $(3,959)
                                                   ========== ========== ==========

Net income (loss) per share - basic  .........        $  0.11    $ (0.66)   $ (0.55)

Shares used in per share calculation -
  basic   ....................................          7,515      7,420      7,248

Net income (loss) per share - diluted  .......        $  0.11    $ (0.66)   $ (0.55)

Shares used in per share calculation -
  diluted  ...................................          7,605      7,420      7,248

</TABLE>


The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
statements.

                                 32



 <PAGE>
                                     AEHR TEST SYSTEMS AND SUBSIDIARIES
                               CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
                                  AND ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                               (IN THOUSANDS)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                Accumulated Other
                                                               Comprehensive Income
                                                               ---------------------
                                   Common Stock   Additional   Unrealized Cumulative
                                -----------------   Paid-in    Investment Translation Accumulated
                                 Shares    Amount   Capital    Gain(Loss) Adjustment     Deficit    Total
                                -------   -------   -------    --------   ---------    ----------  -------
<S>                             <C>       <C>       <C>        <C>        <C>          <C>        <C>
Balances, May 31, 2003            7,157      $72    $36,364      $  2       $1,519      $(12,612)  $25,345

  Issuance of common stock
    under employee plans......      232        2        958        --           --            --       960


  Net loss....................       --       --         --        --           --        (3,959)   (3,959)
  Net unrealized loss on
    investments...............       --       --         --       (16)          --            --       (16)
  Foreign currency
    translation adjustment....       --       --         --        --         (126)           --      (126)
                                                                                                   -------
  Comprehensive loss..........                                                                      (4,101)
                                 -------  -------   -------   --------     --------      --------  -------
Balances, May 31, 2004            7,389       74     37,322       (14)       1,393       (16,571)   22,204

  Issuance of common stock
    under employee plans......       93        1        246        --           --            --       247

  Net loss....................       --       --         --        --           --        (4,870)   (4,870)
  Net unrealized gain on
    investments...............       --       --         --         2           --            --         2
  Foreign currency
    translation adjustment....       --       --         --        --         (131)           --      (131)
                                                                                                   -------
  Comprehensive loss..........                                                                      (4,999)
                                 -------  -------   -------   --------     --------      --------  -------
Balances, May 31, 2005            7,482       75     37,568       (12)       1,262       (21,441)   17,452

  Issuance of common stock
    under employee plans......      148        1        513        --           --            --       514

  Net income................         --       --         --        --           --           810       810
  Net unrealized gain on
    investments...............       --       --         --        10           --            --        10
  Foreign currency
    translation adjustment....       --       --         --        --           31            --        31
                                                                                                   -------
  Comprehensive income........                                                                         851
                                 -------  -------   -------   --------     --------     ---------  -------
Balances, May 31, 2006            7,630      $76    $38,081       $(2)      $1,293      $(20,631)  $18,817
                                 =======  =======   =======   ========     ========     =========  =======
</TABLE>

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
statements.

                                    33



<PAGE>
                      AEHR TEST SYSTEMS AND SUBSIDIARIES
                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                                (IN THOUSANDS)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                                            Year Ended May 31,
                                                    ---------------------------------
                                                       2006        2005        2004
                                                    ---------   ---------   ---------
<S>                                                 <C>         <C>         <C>
Cash flows from operating activities:
  Net income (loss)..............................     $   810    $(4,870)    $(3,959)
  Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to
    cash provided by (used in) operating
    activities:
    Loss on impairment of an investment..........          --        203         134
    (Reverse of) provision for doubtful accounts.          (9)       (12)          5
    Loss on disposition of
      property and equipment.....................          83         35          21
    Depreciation and amortization................         340        323         384
    Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
      Accounts receivable........................      (2,020)     1,715      (1,274)
      Inventories................................         (37)       849       1,278
      Accounts payable...........................          25       (864)        852
      Accrued expenses and deferred revenue......       2,146        159         582
      Accrued lease commitment...................         (68)         5          28
      Other current assets.......................         231        (86)      1,149
                                                    ---------   ---------   ---------
        Net cash provided by (used in)
          operating activities...................       1,501     (2,543)       (800)
                                                    ---------   ---------   ---------
Cash flows from investing activities:
    Purchase of investments......................     (11,900)   (17,286)    (35,075)
    Proceeds from sales and maturity
      of investments.............................      14,532     20,850      32,961
    Purchase of property and equipment ..........        (149)      (296)       (159)
    (Increase) decrease in other assets..........          (4)        (5)        416
                                                    ---------   ---------   ---------
        Net cash provided by (used in)
          investing activities...................       2,479      3,263      (1,857)
                                                    ---------   ---------   ---------
Cash flows from financing activities:
    Proceeds from issuance of common stock
      and exercise of stock options..............         514        247         960
                                                    ---------   ---------   ---------
        Net cash provided by
          financing activities...................         514        247         960
                                                    ---------   ---------   ---------

Effect of exchange rates on cash.................         (41)       (56)         26
                                                    ---------   ---------   ---------
        Net increase (decrease) in cash and
          cash equivalents.......................       4,453        911      (1,671)

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year.....       4,952      4,041       5,712
                                                    ---------   ---------   ---------
Cash and cash equivalents, end of year...........     $ 9,405    $ 4,952     $ 4,041
                                                    =========   =========   =========
Supplemental cash flow information:
    Cash paid during the year for:
      Income taxes   ............................          $6         $5         $17



</TABLE>


The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
statements.

                                   34


<PAGE>
                      AEHR TEST SYSTEMS AND SUBSIDIARIES
                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

1. ORGANIZATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES:

BUSINESS:

    Aehr Test Systems ("Company") was incorporated in California in May 1977
and primarily designs, engineers and manufactures test and burn-in equipment
used in the semiconductor industry.  The Company's principal products are the
MTX massively parallel test system, the MAX burn-in systems, the FOX full
wafer contact system, the DiePak carrier and test fixtures.

LIQUIDITY:

     Since our inception, the Company has incurred substantial losses and
negative cash flows from operations. However, the Company anticipates that the
existing cash balance together with cash provided by operations are adequate
to meet its working capital and capital equipment requirements through
calendar year 2007.  After calendar year 2007, depending on its rate of growth
and profitability, the Company may require additional equity or debt financing
to meet its working capital requirements or capital equipment needs.  There
can be no assurance that additional financing will be available when required,
or if available, that such financing can be obtained on terms satisfactory to
the Company.

CONSOLIDATION AND EQUITY INVESTMENTS:

    The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company
and both its wholly-owned and majority-owned foreign subsidiaries.
Intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated.  Equity
investments in which the Company holds an equity interest less than 20 percent
and over which the Company does not have significant influence are accounted
for using the cost method.

FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION AND TRANSACTIONS:

    Assets and liabilities of the Company's foreign subsidiaries and branch
office are translated into U.S. Dollars from Japanese Yen, Euros and New
Taiwan Dollars using the exchange rate in effect at the balance sheet date.
Additionally, their revenues and expenses are translated using exchange rates
approximating average rates prevailing during the fiscal year.  Translation
adjustments that arise from translating their financial statements from their
local currencies to U.S. Dollars are accumulated and reflected as a separate
component of shareholders' equity and comprehensive income (loss).

    Transaction gains and losses that arise from exchange rate changes
denominated in currencies other than the local currency are included in the
statements of operations as incurred.

USE OF ESTIMATES:

    The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities, and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues
and expenses during the reporting period.  Actual results could differ from
those estimates.

CASH EQUIVALENTS AND INVESTMENTS:

    Cash equivalents consist of money market instruments, commercial paper and
other highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of three
months or less.  Investments not classified as cash equivalents are classified
as available-for-sale.  Investments in available-for-sale securities are
reported at fair value with unrealized gains and losses, net of tax, if any,
included as a component of shareholders' equity.

ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE AND ALLOWANCE FOR DOUBTFUL ACCOUNTS:

    Accounts receivable are recorded at the invoiced amount and are not
interest bearing.  The Company maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts to
reserve for potentially uncollectible trade receivables.  The Company also
reviews its trade receivables by aging category to identify specific customers
with known disputes or collectibility issues.  The Company exercises judgment
when determining the adequacy of these reserves as the Company evaluates
historical bad debt trends, general economic conditions in the United States
and internationally, and changes in customer financial

                                    35
<PAGE>
conditions.  Uncollectible receivables are recorded as bad debt expense when
all efforts to collect have been exhausted and recoveries are recognized when
they are received.

CONCENTRATION OF CREDIT RISK:

    The Company sells its products primarily to semiconductor manufacturers in
North America, Asia, and Europe.  As of May 31, 2006, approximately 18%, 76%
and 6% of accounts receivable are from customers located in the United States,
Asia and Europe, respectively.  As of May 31, 2005, approximately 12%, 56% and
32% of accounts receivable are from customers located in the United States,
Asia and Europe, respectively.  One customer accounted for 73% of accounts
receivable at May 31, 2006 and three customers accounted for 32%, 21% and 18%
of accounts receivable at May 31, 2005.  Two customers accounted for 48% and
25% of net sales in fiscal 2006, respectively and two customers accounted for
43% and 17% of net sales in fiscal 2005, respectively.  Two customers
accounted for 34% and 18% of net sales in fiscal 2004, respectively.  The
Company performs ongoing credit evaluations of its customers and generally
does not require collateral.  The Company also maintains allowances for
potential credit losses and such losses have been within management's
expectations.  The Company uses letter of credit terms for some of its
international customers.

    The Company's cash, cash equivalents, short-term cash deposits and long-
term investments are generally deposited with major financial institutions in
the United States, Japan, Germany and Taiwan.  The Company invests its excess
cash in money market funds, short-term cash deposits and auction rate
securities.  The money market funds and short-term cash deposits bear the risk
associated with each fund.  The money market funds have variable interest
rates, and the short-term cash deposits have fixed rates.  The Company's long-
term investments consist of interest bearing securities with maturities of 18
months or less.  The Company has not experienced any material losses on its
money market funds, short-term cash deposits, auction rate securities, or
long-term investments.

STRATEGIC INVESTMENTS:

     The Company invests in debt and equity of private companies as part of
its business strategy.  These investments are carried at cost and are included
in "Other Assets" in the consolidated balance sheets.  If the Company
determines that an other-than-temporary decline exists in the fair value of an
investment, the Company writes down the investment to its fair value and
records the related write-down as an investment loss in "Other Income
(Expense)" in its consolidated statements of operations.  For the years ended
May 31, 2005 and May 31, 2004, the Company wrote-down one of its strategic
investments by $203,000 and $134,000, respectively.  At May 31, 2006, 2005 and
2004, the carrying value of the strategic investments was $384,000, $384,000
and $586,000, respectively.

INVENTORIES:

    Inventories are stated at the lower of standard cost (which approximates
cost on a first-in, first-out basis) or market.

PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT:

    Property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation
and amortization.  Leasehold improvements are amortized over the lesser of
their estimated useful lives or the term of the related lease.  Furniture,
fixtures, machinery and equipment are depreciated on a straight-line basis
over their estimated useful lives.  The ranges of estimated useful lives for
furniture, fixtures, machinery and equipment are generally as follows:

Furniture and fixtures..........................  2 to 6 years

Machinery and equipment.........................  4 to 6 years

Test equipment..................................  4 to 6 years

GOODWILL:

    In accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 142
("SFAS 142"), "Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets", the Company ceased the
amortization of goodwill as of June 1, 2002 and performed an initial test of
goodwill impairment.  The test indicated no impairment of the Company's
goodwill as of June 1, 2002, the initial date of adopting SFAS 142.  In
accordance with the provisions of SFAS 142, the Company performed an annual
goodwill impairment test on May 31, 2006 and it indicated no impairment of the
Company's goodwill as of that date.

                                   36

<PAGE>
REVENUE RECOGNITION:

    The Company's selling arrangements may include contractual customer
acceptance provisions and installation of the product occurs after shipment
and transfer of title.  The Company recognizes revenue upon shipment of
products or services rendered and defers recognition of revenue for any
amounts subject to acceptance until such acceptance occurs.  When multiple
elements exist, the Company allocates the purchase price based on vendor
specific objective evidence or third-party evidence of fair value and defers
revenue recognition on the undelivered portion.  Historically, these multiple
deliverables have included items such as extended support provisions, training
to be supplied after delivery of the systems, and test programs specific to
customers' routine applications.  The test programs can be written either by
the customer, other firms, or the Company.  The amount of revenue deferred is
the greater of the fair value of the undelivered element or the contractually
agreed to amounts.  Royalty revenue related to licensing income is recognized
when paid by the licensee.  This income is recorded in net sales.  Provisions
for the estimated future cost of warranty is recorded at the time the products
are shipped.


PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT COSTS AND CAPITALIZED SOFTWARE:

    Costs incurred in the research and development of new products or systems
are charged to operations as incurred.

    Costs incurred in the development of software programs for the Company's
products are charged to operations as incurred until technological feasibility
of the software has been established.  Generally, technological feasibility is
established when the software module performs its primary functions described
in its original specifications, contains features required for it to be usable
in a production environment, is completely documented and the related hardware
portion of the product is complete.  After technological feasibility is
established, any additional costs are capitalized.  Capitalized costs are
amortized over the estimated life of the related software product using the
greater of the units of sales or straight-line methods over ten years.  No
system software development costs were capitalized or amortized in fiscal
2006, 2005 and 2004.

FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS:

    The carrying amounts of certain of the Company's financial instruments
including cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, long-term
investments, accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued expenses
approximate fair value due to their short maturities.

    The Company's investments are composed primarily of government and
corporate fixed income securities, certificates of deposit and commercial
paper.  Long-term investments mature after one year but less than two years.
While it is the Company's general intent to hold such securities until
maturity, management will occasionally sell certain securities for cash flow
purposes.  Therefore, the Company's investments are classified as available-
for-sale and are carried at fair value.  Through May 31, 2006, no material
losses had been experienced on such investments.

    Unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale investments, net of tax,
are computed on the basis of specific identification and are reported as other
comprehensive income (loss) and included in shareholders' equity.  Realized
gains, realized losses, and declines in value, judged to be other-than-
temporary, are included in other income (expense), net.  The cost of
securities sold is based on the specific identification method and interest
earned is included in other income (expense), net.

IMPAIRMENT OF LONG-LIVED ASSETS:

    In the event that facts and circumstances indicate that the carrying value
of assets may be impaired, an evaluation of recoverability would be performed.
If an evaluation is required, the estimated future undiscounted cash flows
associated with the asset would be compared to the asset's carrying value to
determine if a write-down is required.

INCOME TAXES:

    Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on differences
between financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities and are
measured using the enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect when the
differences are expected to reverse.  Valuation allowances are established
when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to amounts expected to be
realized.

                                    37

<PAGE>
STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION:

    The Company accounts for stock-based employee compensation arrangements in
accordance with provisions of Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 25,
"Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees," ("APB 25") and related
interpretations and complies with the disclosure provisions of Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards No. 123, "Accounting for Stock-Based
Compensation" ("SFAS 123"), as amended by Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards No. 148, "Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation - Transition and
Disclosure" ("SFAS 148").  Under APB 25, compensation expense is based on the
difference, if any, on the date of the grant, between the fair value of the
Company's shares and the exercise price of the option.  Stock-based
compensation for consultants or other third parties is accounted for in
accordance with SFAS 123 and Emerging Issues Task Force No. 96-18, "Accounting
for Equity Instruments That Are Issued to Other Than Employees for Acquiring,
or in Conjunction with Selling, Goods or Services".

    The following information concerning the Company's stock option and
employee stock purchase plans is provided in accordance with SFAS 123.  The
Company accounts for such plans in accordance with APB 25 and related
interpretations.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                           Year Ended May 31,
                                                ----------------------------------
                                                   2006        2005        2004
                                                ----------  ----------  ----------
                                               (in thousands, except per share data)
<S>                                             <C>         <C>         <C>
Net income (loss) -- as reported...............    $  810     $(4,870)    $(3,959)

Add: Stock-based employee compensation
     expense included in reported net income
     (loss) ...................................        --          --          --

Deduct: Total stock-based employee
        compensation expense determined
        under fair value based method for
        all awards.............................      (837)       (802)       (597)
                                                ----------  ----------  ----------
Pro forma net loss ............................    $  (27)    $(5,672)    $(4,556)
                                                ==========  ==========  ==========
Net income (loss) per share:

Basic and diluted, as reported.................    $ 0.11     $ (0.66)    $ (0.55)
                                                ==========  ==========  ==========
Basic and diluted, pro forma...................    $(0.00)    $ (0.76)    $ (0.63)
                                                ==========  ==========  ==========
</TABLE>

    The above pro forma effects on net income (loss) may not be representative
of the effects on net income (loss) for future years as option grants
typically vest over several years and additional options are generally granted
each year.

    The fair value of each option grant has been estimated on the date of
grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model and the following weighted
average assumptions:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                Year Ended May 31,
                                       ----------------------------------
                                          2006        2005        2004
                                       ----------  ----------  ----------
<S>                                    <C>         <C>         <C>
Risk-free Interest Rates.............     4.87%       3.70%       3.12%
Expected Life........................    5 years     5 years     5 years
Volatility...........................      74%         82%         82%
Dividend Yield.......................      --          --          --
</TABLE>

    The weighted average expected life was calculated based on the exercise
behavior.  The weighted average fair value of those options granted in 2006,
2005 and 2004 was $2.12, $2.70 and $3.16, respectively.

                                   38

<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                Year Ended May 31,
                                       ----------------------------------
                                          2006        2005        2004
                                       ----------  ----------  ----------
<S>                                    <C>         <C>         <C>
Employee Stock Purchase Plan
Risk-free Interest Rates..............     4.70%        2.91%      1.08%
Expected Life.........................  0.5 years   0.5 years   0.5 years
Volatility............................       57%         86%         90%
Dividend Yield .......................       --          --          --
</TABLE>

    The weighted average grant date fair value of purchase rights granted
during the year was $5.07, $3.90 and $3.71 for 2006, 2005 and 2004,
respectively.

    In December 2004, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123 (Revised 2004), "Share-
Based Payment" ("SFAS 123R").  SFAS 123R requires that the compensation cost
relating to share-based payment transactions, including grants of employee
stock options, be recognized in the consolidated financial statements.  That
cost will be measured based on the grant-date fair value of the equity or
liability instruments issued.

    SFAS 123R is effective for public companies for annual reporting period
beginning after June 15, 2005 (the first quarter of fiscal 2007 for the
Company).  The impact of SFAS 123R on the Company in fiscal 2007 and beyond
will depend upon various factors, among them being the Company's future
compensation strategy.  The pro forma compensation costs presented in the
table above and in prior filings for the Company have been calculated using
the Black-Scholes option pricing model and may not be indicative of amounts
which should be expected in future years.  As of the date of this filing, no
decisions have been made as to the selection of an option pricing model and a
transition method for adoption.  The Company expects that the adoption of SFAS
123R will have an adverse impact on the Company's consolidated statements of
operations.

EARNINGS PER SHARE ("EPS") DISCLOSURES:

    Basic EPS is computed by dividing net income (loss) available to common
shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for
the period.  Diluted EPS is computed giving effect to all dilutive potential
common shares that were outstanding during the period.  Dilutive potential
common shares consist of the incremental common shares issuable upon exercise
of stock options for all periods.

    In accordance with the disclosure requirements of Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 128, "Earnings per Share", a reconciliation of the
numerator and denominator of basic and diluted EPS is provided as follows (in
thousands, except per share amounts):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                    Year Ended May 31,
                                             --------------------------------
                                                 2006       2005       2004
                                             ---------- ---------- ----------
<S>                                          <C>        <C>        <C>
Net income (loss) available to common
shareholders:

Numerator: Net income (loss)................    $  810    $(4,870)   $(3,959)
                                             ---------- ---------- ----------
Denominator for basic income (loss) per share:
  Weighted-average shares outstanding ......     7,515      7,420      7,248

Effect of dilutive securities:
    Employee stock options..................        90         --         --
                                             ---------- ---------- ----------
Denominator for diluted income (loss) per share:
  Weighted-average shares outstanding ......     7,605      7,420      7,248
                                             ---------- ---------- ----------

Basic income (loss) per share...............    $ 0.11    $ (0.66)   $ (0.55)
                                              =========  =========  =========
Diluted income (loss) per share.............    $ 0.11    $ (0.66)   $ (0.55)
                                              =========  =========  =========
</TABLE>

                                   39

<PAGE>
    Stock options to purchase 78,000 shares of common stock were outstanding
on May 31, 2006, but not included in the computation of diluted income per
share, because the inclusion of such shares would be anti-dilutive.  Stock
options to purchase 1,236,000 and 1,096,000 shares of common stock were
outstanding on May 31, 2005 and 2004, respectively, but were not included in
the computation of diluted loss per share because the inclusion of such shares
would be anti-dilutive.

COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS):

    The Company has adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No.
130 ("SFAS 130"), "Reporting Comprehensive Income," which establishes
standards for reporting comprehensive income and its components in the
financial statements.  Unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale
securities and foreign currency translation adjustments are included in the
Company's components of comprehensive income (loss), which are excluded from
net income (loss).

    The following are the components of comprehensive income (loss) (in
thousands):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                    Year Ended May 31,
                                             --------------------------------
                                                 2006       2005       2004
                                             ---------- ---------- ----------
<S>                                          <C>        <C>        <C>
Net income (loss)...........................       $810   $(4,870)   $(3,959)
Foreign currency translation
  adjustment income (expense)...............         31      (131)      (126)
Unrealized holding gains (losses) arising
  during the year...........................         10         2        (16)
                                             ---------- ---------- ----------
Comprehensive income (loss).................       $851   $(4,999)   $(4,101)
                                             ========== ========== ==========
</TABLE>


RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS:

    In November 2004, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards ("SFAS") No. 151, "Inventory Costs
- an Amendment of ARB No. 43, Chapter 4".  This statement clarifies the
accounting for abnormal amounts of idle facility expense, freight, handling
costs, and wasted materials (spoilage) to require them to be recognized as
current-period charges and to require the allocation of fixed production
overhead to inventory based on the normal capacity of a production facility.
This statement is effective for inventory costs incurred during fiscal years
beginning after June 15, 2005.  Earlier application is permitted.  The
adoption of this statement is not expected to have a material impact on the
Company's financial position, results of operations or cash flows.

    In December 2004, the FASB issued SFAS No. 153, "Exchanges of Nonmonetary
Assets - an amendment of APB Opinion No. 29."  This statement amends APB
Opinion No. 29 to eliminate the exception for nonmonetary exchanges of similar
productive assets and replaces it with a general exception for exchanges of
nonmonetary assets that do not have commercial substance.  This statement is
effective for nonmonetary asset exchanges occurring in fiscal periods
beginning after June 15, 2005.  Earlier application is permitted.  The
adoption of this standard is not expected to have a material impact on the
Company's financial position, results of operations or cash flows.

    In December 2004, the FASB issued SFAS No. 123 (Revised 2004), "Share-
Based Payment" ("SFAS 123R"), which is a revision of SFAS No. 123, "Accounting
for Stock-Based Compensation" ("SFAS 123"), and supersedes Accounting
Principles Opinion No. 25 ("APB 25"), "Account for Stock Issued to Employees".
Generally, the approach in SFAS 123R is similar to the approach described in
SFAS 123.  However, SFAS 123R requires all share-based payments to employees,
including grants of employee stock options, to be recognized in the income
statement based on their grant-date fair values.  Pro forma disclosure is no
longer an alternative.  In April 2005, the Securities and Exchange Commission
delayed the effective date of SFAS 123R, which is now effective for the annual
reporting period that begins after June 15, 2005.  The Company will adopt SFAS
123R beginning in the Company's first quarter of fiscal 2007.  We are
currently evaluating the impact of adopting this statement on our financial
position and results of operations.  The impact on our consolidated financial
statements will be dependent on the transition method, the option pricing
model used to compute fair value and the inputs to that model such as
volatility and expected life.  The pro forma disclosures of the impact of SFAS
123 provided in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements may not be
representative of the

                                    40

<PAGE>
impact of adopting this statement.  The Company expects that the adoption of
SFAS 123R will have an adverse impact on the Company's consolidated statements
of operations.

    On March 29, 2005, the SEC staff issued SAB No. 107, "Share-Based Payment"
to express the views of the staff regarding the interaction between SFAS 123R
and certain SEC rules and regulations and to provide the staff's views
regarding the valuation of share-based payment arrangements for public
companies. The Company is currently in the process of implementing SFAS 123R,
effective as of June 1, 2006, and will take into consideration the additional
guidance provided by SAB No. 107 in connection with the implementation of SFAS
123R.

    In June 2005, the FASB issued SFAS No. 154 ("SFAS 154"), Accounting
Changes and Error Corrections - a replacement of APB Opinion No. 20 and FASB
Statement No. 3."  SFAS 154 applies to all voluntary changes in accounting
principle, and changes the requirements for accounting for and reporting of a
change in accounting principle.  SFAS 154 requires retrospective application
to prior periods financial statements of a voluntary change in accounting
principle unless it is impracticable.  SFAS 154 also requires that a change in
method of depreciation, amortization, or depletion for long-lived, non-
financial assets be accounted for as a change in accounting estimate that is
affected by a change in accounting principle.  SFAS 154 is effective for
accounting changes and corrections of errors made in fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2005.  Earlier application is permitted for accounting
changes and corrections of errors made occurring in fiscal years beginning
after June 1, 2005.  SFAS 154 does not change the transition provisions of any
existing accounting pronouncements, including those that are in a transition
phase as of the effective date of this Statement.  The Company does not
believe the adoption of SFAS 154 will have a material impact on its
consolidated financial statements.

    In September 2005, the FASB issued Emerging Issues Task Force Issue
No. 04-13("EITF 04-13"), "Accounting for Purchases and Sales of Inventory with
the Same Counterparty". The issue provides guidance on the circumstances under
which two or more inventory transactions with the same counterparty should be
viewed as a single nonmonetary transaction within the scope of APB Opinion
No. 29, "Accounting for Nonmonetary Transactions." The issue also provides
guidance on circumstances under which nonmonetary exchanges of inventory
within the same line of business should be recognized at fair value. EITF 04-
13 is effective for transactions completed in reporting periods beginning
after March 15, 2006. Adoption of this standard is not expected to have a
material impact on the Company's consolidated financial position, results of
operations or cash flows.

    In November 2005, the FASB issued FASB Staff Position FAS 115-1("FSP FAS
115-1") and FAS 124-1, "The Meaning of Other-Than-Temporary Impairment and Its
Application to Certain Investments", which provides guidance on determining
when investments in certain debt and equity securities are considered
impaired, whether that impairment is other-than-temporary, and on measuring
such impairment loss.  FSP FAS 115-1 also includes accounting considerations
subsequent to the recognition of an other-than-temporary impairment and
requires certain disclosures about unrealized losses that have not been
recognized as other-than-temporary impairments.  FSP FAS 115-1 is required to
be applied to reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2005.  The
Company is required to adopt FSP FAS 115-1 in the first quarter of fiscal
2007.  The Company does not expect the adoption of this statement will have a
material impact on our consolidated result of operations or financial
condition.

    In June 2006, the FASB issued FASB Interpretation No. 48 ("FIN 48")
"Accounting for Uncertain Tax Positions - An Interpretation of FASB Statement
No. 109". FIN 48 clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes
recognized in an enterprise's financial statements in accordance with FASB
Statement No. 109 "Accounting for Income Taxes". It prescribes a recognition
threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition
and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax
return. FIN 48 also provides guidance on derecognition, classification,
interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure, and
transition. FIN 48 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15,
2006. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of FIN 48 to its
financial position and results of operations.

                                    41


<PAGE>
2. AVAILABLE-FOR-SALE INVESTMENTS:

    The fair values of available-for-sale investments as of May 31, 2006 were
as follows (in thousands):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                 Amortized  Unrealized    Fair
                                                                   Cost       Losses      Value
                                                                 ---------  -----------  -------
<S>                                                              <C>        <C>          <C>
Money market fund..............................................     $4,943       $ --     $4,943
Municipal securities...........................................        900         --        900
Corporate bonds and commercial paper...........................      2,290         (1)     2,289
U.S. government and agency obligations.........................        299         (1)       298
                                                                 ---------  -----------  -------
Total funds, bonds notes, and equity instruments..............      $8,432       $ (2)     8,430
                                                                 =========  ===========
Less amounts classified as cash equivalents.............................................  (6,830)
                                                                                         -------
     Total short and long-term available-for-sale investments...........................  $1,600
                                                                                         =======
Contractual maturity dates for investments in bonds and notes:
     Less than 1 year...................................................................  $1,600

                                                                                         -------
                                                                                          $1,600
                                                                                         =======
</TABLE>

    The unrealized loss as of May 31, 2006 is recorded in accumulated other
comprehensive income, net of tax of zero.

    Market values were determined for each individual security in our
investment portfolio.  The declines in value of the corporate bonds,
commercial paper, U.S. government and agency obligations primarily relate to
changes in the interest rates and are considered temporary in nature.


    The fair values of available-for-sale investments as of May 31, 2005 were
as follows (in thousands):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                 Amortized  Unrealized    Fair
                                                                   Cost       Losses      Value
                                                                 ---------  -----------  -------
<S>                                                              <C>        <C>          <C>
Money market fund..............................................     $3,369       $  --    $3,369
Municipal securities...........................................      1,000          --     1,000
Corporate bonds and commercial paper...........................      2,183          (8)    2,175
U.S. government and agency obligations.........................      1,300          (4)    1,296
                                                                 ---------  -----------  -------
Total funds, bonds and notes...................................     $7,852        $(12)    7,840
                                                                 =========  ===========
Less amounts classified as cash equivalents.............................................  (3,618)
                                                                                         -------
     Total short and long-term available-for-sale investments...........................  $4,222
                                                                                         =======
Contractual maturity dates for investments in bonds and notes:
     Less than 1 year...................................................................  $3,813
     More than 1 year and less than 2 years.............................................     409
                                                                                         -------
                                                                                          $4,222
                                                                                         =======
</TABLE>

    The unrealized loss as of May 31, 2005 is recorded in accumulated other
comprehensive income, net of tax of zero.

    Market values were determined for each individual security in our
investment portfolio.  The declines in value of the corporate bonds,
commercial paper, U.S. government and agency obligations primarily relate to
changes in the interest rates and are considered temporary in nature.

                                   42
<PAGE>
3. ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE:

     Accounts receivable comprise (in thousands):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                  May 31,
                                         -------------------------
                                             2006         2005
                                         ------------ ------------
<S>                                      <C>          <C>
Trade accounts receivable...............       $4,601       $2,617
Less: Allowance for doubtful accounts...          (70)         (80)
                                         ------------ ------------
                                               $4,531       $2,537
                                         ============ ============
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                       Additions
                           Balance at  Charged to               Balance
                           beginning   costs and                 at end
                            of year     expenses   Deductions*  of year
                           ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------
Allowance for doubtful
   accounts receivable:
<S>                        <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>

     May 31, 2006               $ 80        $101        $111        $ 70
                           ==========  ==========  ==========  ==========

     May 31, 2005               $ 92        $ 35        $ 47        $ 80
                           ==========  ==========  ==========  ==========

     May 31, 2004               $ 87        $ 45        $ 40        $ 92
                           ==========  ==========  ==========  ==========
</TABLE>

* Deductions include write-offs of uncollectible accounts and collections of
amounts previously reserved.


4. INVENTORIES:

     Inventories comprise (in thousands):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                  May 31,
                                         -------------------------
                                             2006         2005
                                         ------------ ------------
<S>                                      <C>          <C>
Raw materials and subassemblies.........       $3,039       $2,939
Work in process.........................        2,978        3,694
Finished goods..........................        1,225          507
                                         ------------ ------------
                                               $7,242       $7,140
                                         ============ ============
</TABLE>

                                   43

<PAGE>
5. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT:

    Property and equipment comprise (in thousands):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                   May 31,
                                         -------------------------
                                             2006         2005
                                         ------------ ------------
<S>                                      <C>          <C>
Leasehold improvements..................       $1,166       $1,164
Furniture and fixtures..................        1,526        2,397
Machinery and equipment.................        2,341        2,300
Test equipment..........................        2,385        2,347
                                         ------------ ------------
                                                7,418        8,208
Less: Accumulated depreciation
  and amortization......................       (6,459)      (6,976)
                                         ------------ ------------
                                               $  959       $1,232
                                         ============ ============
</TABLE>

6.  PRODUCT WARRANTIES:

    The Company provides for the estimated cost of product warranties at the
time the products are shipped.  While the Company engages in extensive product
quality programs and processes, including actively monitoring and evaluating
the quality of its component suppliers, the Company's warranty obligation is
affected by product failure rates, material usage and service delivery costs
incurred in correcting a product failure.  Should actual product failure
rates, material usage or service delivery costs differ from the Company's
estimates, revisions to the estimated warranty liability would be required.

    Following is a summary of changes in the Company's liability for product
warranties during the fiscal years ended May 31, 2006 and May 31, 2005 (in
thousands):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                         Year ended
                                                           May 31,
                                                  -------------------------
                                                      2006         2005
                                                  ------------ ------------
<S>                                               <C>          <C>
Balance at the beginning of the year............          $213         $146
Accruals for warranties issued during the year..           278          283
Accruals related to pre-existing warranties
 (including changes in estimates)...............           (58)          --
Settlements made during the year
 (in cash or in kind)...........................          (264)        (216)
                                                  ------------ ------------
Balance at the end of the year..................          $169         $213
                                                  ============ ============
</TABLE>


7. ACCRUED EXPENSES:

    Accrued expenses comprise (in thousands):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                   May 31,
                                         -------------------------
                                             2006         2005
                                         ------------ ------------
<S>                                      <C>          <C>
Commissions and bonuses.................       $  585       $  104
Taxes payable...........................          525          620
Payroll related.........................          657          576
Warranty................................          169          213
Other...................................          411          430
                                         ------------ ------------
                                               $2,347       $1,943
                                         ============ ============
</TABLE>

                                    44

<PAGE>
8.  INCOME TAXES:

    Domestic and foreign components of income (loss) before income taxes are
as follows (in thousands):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                            Year Ended May 31,
                                   --------------------------------------
                                        2006         2005         2004
                                   ------------ ------------ ------------
<S>                                <C>          <C>          <C>
Domestic..........................       $1,075      $(4,693)     $(4,194)
Foreign...........................         (286)         (41)         311
                                   ------------ ------------ ------------
                                         $  789      $(4,734)     $(3,883)
                                   ============ ============ ============
</TABLE>



    The income tax expense (benefit) consists of the following (in thousands):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                            Year Ended May 31,
                                   --------------------------------------
                                       2006          2005         2004
                                   ------------ ------------ ------------
<S>                                <C>          <C>          <C>
Federal income taxes:
  Current.........................       $   17       $   --       $   --
  Deferred........................           --           --           --
State income taxes:
  Current.........................           --           --           20
  Deferred........................           --           --           --
Foreign income taxes:
  Current.........................          (38)         136           56
                                   ------------ ------------ ------------
                                         $  (21)      $  136       $   76
                                   ============ ============ ============
</TABLE>


  The Company's effective tax rate differs from the U.S. federal statutory tax
rate, as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                            Year Ended May 31,
                                   --------------------------------------
                                       2006          2005         2004
                                   ------------ ------------ ------------
<S>                                <C>          <C>          <C>
U.S. federal statutory tax rate...       34.0 %      (34.0)%      (34.0)%
State taxes, net of federal tax
  effect..........................         --          --           0.5
Change in valuation allowance ....      (34.9)        33.6         39.3
Income from equity investment.....         --          --          (1.2)
Other.............................       (1.7)         3.3         (2.8)
                                   ------------ ------------ ------------
Effective tax rate................       (2.6)%        2.9 %        1.8 %
                                   ============ ============ ============

</TABLE>

                                    45

<PAGE>
    The components of the net deferred tax asset (liability) are as follows
(in thousands):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                           May 31,
                                                -------------------------
                                                    2006          2005
                                                ------------ ------------
<S>                                             <C>          <C>

Net operating losses.......................          $5,552       $6,076
  Credit carryforwards.....................           1,601        1,355
  Inventory reserves.......................           1,980        1,997
  Reserves and accruals....................             903        1,089
  Other....................................           1,015          740
                                                ------------ ------------
                                                     11,051       11,257

Less: Valuation allowance..................         (11,051)     (11,257)
                                                ------------ ------------
Net deferred tax asset.....................          $   --       $   --
                                                ============ ============
</TABLE>


    In the year ended May 31, 2006, a full valuation allowance has been
provided for the Company's deferred tax assets as management cannot conclude,
based on available objective evidence, that it is more likely than not the
deferred tax assets will be realized.  The valuation allowance decreased by
$206,000 in fiscal 2006 and increased by $1.5 million and $811,000 in fiscal
2005 and 2004, respectively.

    At May 31, 2006, the Company had federal and state net operating loss
carryforwards of approximately $12.9 million and $7.2 million, respectively.
At May 31, 2006, the Company also has federal and state tax credit
carryforwards of approximately $665,000 and $1.4 million, respectively.  These
carryforwards will expire commencing in 2012 through 2026.  These
carryforwards may be subject to certain limitations on annual utilization in
case of a change in ownership, as defined by tax law.

    Foreign net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $1.8 million are
available to reduce future foreign taxable income.  Some of the foreign net
operating losses will begin to expire beginning 2007 through 2010.


9. CAPITAL STOCK:

STOCK OPTIONS:

    The Company has reserved 1,602,591 shares of common stock for issuance to
employees and consultants under its 1996 stock option plan.  The plan provides
that qualified options be granted at an exercise price equal to the fair
market value at the date of grant, as determined by the Board of Directors
(85% of fair market value in the case of non-statutory options and purchase
rights and 110% of fair market value in certain circumstances).  Options
generally expire within seven years from date of grant.  Most options become
exercisable in increments over a four-year period from the date of grant.
Options to purchase approximately 829,464, 842,089 and 783,375 shares were
exercisable at May 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively.  These exercisable
options had weighted average exercise prices of $4.05, $4.60 and $5.02 of May
31, 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively.


                                     46


<PAGE>
    Activity under the Company's stock option plans was as follows (in
thousands, except per share data):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                    Outstanding Options
                                         ----------------------------------------
                                                                       Weighted
                                                          Number        Average
                                           Available        of         Exercise
                                            Shares        Shares         Price
                                         ------------  ------------  ------------
<S>                                      <C>           <C>           <C>
Balances, May 31, 2003...............         288         1,214          $5.05

  Additional shares reserved.........         400            --
  Options granted....................        (201)          201          $3.16
  Options terminated.................         139          (139)         $5.50
  Options exercised..................          --          (180)         $4.79
                                         ------------  ------------
Balances, May 31, 2004...............         626         1,096          $4.69

  Additional shares reserved.........          --            --
  Options granted....................        (375)          375          $3.68
  Options terminated.................         222          (222)         $5.17
  Options exercised..................          --           (13)         $3.16
                                         ------------  ------------
Balances, May 31, 2005...............         473         1,236          $4.31

  Additional shares reserved.........          --            --
  Options granted....................        (320)          320          $3.03
  Options terminated.................         181          (181)         $5.90
  Options exercised..................          --          (106)         $3.77
                                         ------------  ------------
Balances, May 31, 2006...............         334         1,269          $3.81
                                         ============  ============

</TABLE>

    The following table summarizes information with respect to stock options
at May 31, 2006 (in thousands, except per share data):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                             Options Outstanding            Options Exercisable
                     -----------------------------------  -----------------------
                                   Weighted
                        Number      Average    Weighted      Number     Weighted
                     Outstanding   Remaining   Average    Exercisable   Average
      Range of            at      Contractual  Exercise        at       Exercise
  Exercise Prices    May 31, 2006 Life (Years)  Price     May 31, 2006   Price
-------------------- ------------ ----------- ----------  ------------ ----------
<S>                  <C>          <C>         <C>         <C>          <C>

   $2.49 - $3.63             619      5.25      $3.09             274     $3.08
   $3.66 - $4.08             286      3.86      $3.92             240     $3.93
   $4.25 - $4.95             236      3.12      $4.49             197     $4.51
   $5.25 - $6.25             128      2.13      $5.79             118     $5.76

                     ------------                         ------------
   $2.49 - $6.25           1,269      4.23      $3.81             829     $4.05
                     ============                         ============

</TABLE>

10.  EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS:

EMPLOYEE STOCK BONUS PLAN:

    The Company has a non-contributory, trusteed employee stock bonus plan for
full-time employees who have completed three consecutive months of service and
for part-time employees who have completed one year of service and have
attained an age of 21.  The Company can contribute either shares of the
Company's stock or cash to the plan. The contribution is determined annually
by the Company and cannot exceed 15% of the annual aggregate salaries of those
employees eligible for participation in the plan.  Individuals' account
balances vest at a rate of 25% per year commencing upon completion of three
years of service.  Non-vested balances, which are forfeited, are allocated to
the

                                   47

<PAGE>
remaining employees in the plan.  A contribution of $120,000 was made during
fiscal 2006 and contributions of $60,000 were made to the plan during fiscal
2005 and 2004.

401(K) PLAN:

    The Company maintains a defined contribution savings plan (the "401(k)
Plan") to provide retirement income to all qualified employees of the Company.
The 401(k) Plan is intended to be qualified under Section 401(k) of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.  The 401(k) Plan is funded by
voluntary pre-tax contributions from employees.  Contributions are invested,
as directed by the participant, in investment funds available under the 401(k)
Plan.  The Company is not required to make, and did not make during fiscal
2006, 2005 and 2004, any contributions to the Plan.

EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN:

    The Company's Board of Directors adopted the 1997 Employee Stock Purchase
Plan in June 1997.  A total of 400,000 shares of Common Stock have been
reserved for issuance under the plan.  The plan has consecutive, overlapping,
twenty-four month offering periods.  Each twenty-four month offering period
includes four six month purchase periods.  The offering periods generally
begin on the first trading day on or after April 1 and October 1 each year,
except that the first such offering period commenced with the effectiveness of
the Company's initial public offering and ended on the last trading day on or
before March 31, 1999.  Shares are purchased through employee payroll
deductions at exercise prices equal to 85% of the lesser of the fair market
value of the Company's Common Stock at either the first day of an offering
period or the last day of the purchase period.  If a participant's rights to
purchase stock under all employee stock purchase plans of the Company accrue
at a rate which exceeds $25,000 worth of stock for a calendar year, such
participant may not be granted an option to purchase stock under the 1997
Employee Stock Purchase Plan.  The maximum number of shares a participant may
purchase during a single purchase period is 3,000 shares.  For the years ended
May 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004, approximately 42,000, 80,000, and 52,000 shares
of Common Stock, respectively, were issued under the plan.  To date, 369,896
shares have been issued under the plan.

11.  STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS PLAN:

    The Company's Board of Directors adopted a Stockholder Rights Plan on
March 5, 2001, under which a dividend of one Right to purchase one one-
thousandth of a share of the Company's Series A Participating Preferred Stock
was distributed for each outstanding share of the Company's Common Stock.  The
plan entitles each Right holder to purchase 1/1000th of a share of the
Company's Series A Participating Preferred Stock at an exercise price of
$35.00, subject to adjustment, in certain events, such as a tender offer to
acquire 20% or more of the Company's outstanding common stock.  Under some
circumstances, such as if a person or group acquires 20% or more of the
Company's common stock prior to redemption of the Rights, the plan entitles
such holders (other than an acquiring party) to purchase the Company's common
stock having a market value at that time of twice the Right's exercise price.
The Rights expire on April 3, 2010.

12.  OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE), NET:

    Other income (expense), net comprises the following (in thousands):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                            Year Ended May 31,
                                   --------------------------------------
                                       2006         2005         2004
                                   ------------ ------------ ------------
<S>                                <C>          <C>          <C>
Foreign exchange gain (loss)......        $   5        $ 197        $ 141
Loss on impairment of
  an investment ..................           --         (203)        (134)
Income from investment  ..........          119           90           --
Income from a sale of investment..           --          --           320
Other, net........................          (45)           2          (34)
                                   ------------ ------------ ------------
                                          $  79        $  86        $ 293
                                   ============ ============ ============
</TABLE>

                                    48



<PAGE>
13.  SEGMENT INFORMATION:

    The Company considers itself to be in one reportable segment pursuant to
SFAS No. 131 (SFAS 131), "Disclosures About Segments of an Enterprise and
Related Information".  As the Company's business is completely focused on one
industry segment, the designing, manufacturing and marketing of advanced test
and burn-in products to the semiconductor manufacturing industry, management
believes that the Company has only one reportable segment.  The Company's net
sales and profits are generated through the sale and service of products for
this one segment.



    The following presents information about the Company's operations in
different geographic areas (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                    United                        Adjust-
                                    States     Asia     Europe     ments     Total
                                   --------- --------- --------- --------- ---------
<S>                                <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>
2006:
  Net sales......................   $21,896    $2,326    $1,241  $ (1,662)  $23,801
  Portion of U.S. net sales
    from export sales............    18,318        --        --        --    18,318
  Income (loss) from operations..       658      (153)      (54)        4       455
  Identifiable assets............    33,578       897       902   (10,484)   24,893
  Long-lived assets..............       802       127        30        --       959

2005:
  Net sales......................   $14,128    $1,112    $2,353  $ (1,513)  $16,080
  Portion of U.S. net sales
    from export sales............    11,106        --        --        --    11,106
  Income (loss) from operations..    (4,825)     (469)      323        (4)   (4,975)
  Identifiable assets............    29.621     1,272     1,155   (10,579)   21,469
  Long-lived assets..............       970       230        32        --     1,232

2004:
  Net sales......................   $13,473    $2,701    $1,827  $ (2,201)  $15,800
  Portion of U.S. net sales
    from export sales............    11,031        --        --        --    11,031
  Income (loss) from operations..    (4,725)      129        97       (10)   (4,509)
  Identifiable assets............    34,811     2,372       745   (11,116)   26,812
  Long-lived assets..............     1,023       253        13        --     1,289

</TABLE>

    The Company's foreign operations are primarily those of its Japanese and
German subsidiaries.  Substantially all of the sales of the subsidiaries are
made to unaffiliated Japanese or European customers.  Net sales and income
(loss) from operations from outside the United States include the operating
results of Aehr Test Systems Japan K.K. and Aehr Test Systems GmbH.
Adjustments consist of intercompany eliminations.  Identifiable assets are all
assets identified with operations in each geographic area.  Many net sales
made in the United States were delivered to locations outside of the United
States.


14.  RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS:

    The Company has entered into transactions with ESA Electronics Pte Ltd.
("ESA") in which the Company owned a 12.5% of interest at May 31, 2006.  ESA
purchased goods from the Company of approximately $215,000, $142,000 and
$105,000 during fiscal 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively.  In addition, the
Company purchased goods from ESA of approximately $77,000, $2.0 million and
$1.0 million in fiscal 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively.  At May 31, 2006,
2005 and 2004, the Company had amounts payable to ESA of approximately $0,
$11,000 and $935,000, respectively.  At May 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004, the
Company had amounts receivable from ESA of approximately $2,000, $23,000 and
$1,000, respectively.

    Mario M. Rosati, one of the Company's directors, is also a member of
Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, Professional Corporation, which has served
as the Company's outside corporate counsel and has received compensation at
normal commercial rates for these services.

                                    49

<PAGE>
15. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES:

    The Company leases most of its manufacturing and office space under
operating leases.  The Company entered into non-cancelable operating lease
agreements for its United States manufacturing and office facilities and its
facilities in Japan.  These commitments expire no later than December 2009.
Under the lease agreements, the Company is responsible for payments of
utilities, taxes and insurance.

    Minimum annual rentals payments under operating leases in each of the next
five fiscal years and thereafter are as follows (in thousands):

Years Ending May 31,
2007....................................      $  935
2008....................................         863
2009....................................         847
2010....................................         504
2011....................................          --
Thereafter..............................          --
                                              ------
Total                                         $3,149
                                              ======

    Rental expense for the years ended May 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004 was
approximately $881,000, $896,000 and $855,000, respectively.

    At May 31, 2006, the Company had a $50,000 certificate of deposit held by
a financial institution representing a security deposit for its United States
manufacturing and office space lease.  This amount is included in "Other
Assets" on the consolidated balance sheets.

    In the normal course of business to facilitate sales of its products, the
Company indemnifies other parties, including customers, with respect to
certain matters.  The Company has agreed to hold the other party harmless
against losses arising from a breach of representations or covenants, or from
intellectual property infringement or other claims.  These agreements may
limit the time within which an indemnification claim can be made and the
amount of the claim.  In addition, the Company has entered into
indemnification agreements with its officers and directors, and the Company's
bylaws contain similar indemnification obligations to the Company's agents.

    It is not possible to determine the maximum potential amount under these
indemnification agreements due to the limited history of prior indemnification
claims and the unique facts and circumstances involved in each particular
agreement.  To date, payments made by the Company under these agreements have
not had a material impact on the Company's operating results, financial
position or cash flows.

SELECTED QUARTERLY CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED)

The following table (presented in thousands, except per share data) sets forth
selected unaudited consolidated statements of operations data for each of the
four quarters of the fiscal years ended May 31, 2006 and 2005.  The unaudited
quarterly information has been prepared on the same basis as the annual
information presented elsewhere herein and, in the Company's opinion, includes
all adjustments (consisting only of normal recurring entries) necessary for a
fair statement of the information for the quarters presented.  The operating
results for any quarter are not necessarily indicative of results for any
future period and should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated
financial statements of the Company's and the notes thereto included elsewhere
herein.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                                       Three Months Ended
                                         ------------------------------------------
                                          Aug. 31,   Nov. 30,   Feb. 28,    May 31,
                                            2005       2005       2006       2006
                                         ---------  ---------  ---------  ---------
<S>                                      <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>
Net sales...............................   $ 4,646     $5,817    $6,318     $ 7,020
Gross profit............................   $ 2,188     $2,705    $2,538     $ 3,205
Net income (loss).......................   $  (244)    $  166    $  360     $   528
Net income (loss) per share (basic).....   $ (0.03)    $ 0.02    $ 0.05     $  0.07
Net income (loss) per share (diluted)...   $ (0.03)    $ 0.02    $ 0.05     $  0.07

</TABLE>


                                       50

<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                       Three Months Ended
                                         ------------------------------------------
                                          Aug. 31,   Nov. 30,   Feb. 28,    May 31,
                                            2004       2004       2005       2005
                                         ---------  ---------  ---------  ---------
<S>                                      <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>
Net sales...............................   $ 5,936     $4,790    $ 2,084    $ 3,270
Gross profit............................   $ 1,067     $1,488    $   803    $   905
Net loss................................   $(1,324)    $ (599)   $(1,223)   $(1,724)
Net loss per share (basic)..............   $ (0.18)    $(0.08)   $ (0.16)   $ (0.23)
Net loss per share (diluted)............   $ (0.18)    $(0.08)   $ (0.16)   $ (0.23)

</TABLE>

Item 9.   Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and
Financial Disclosure

    On December 6, 2005, the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of Aehr
Test Systems (the "Company") dismissed PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP ("PwC") as
its independent registered public accounting firm, effective immediately.
PwC's reports on the Company's consolidated financial statements for the
fiscal years ended May 31, 2005 and 2004 did not contain an adverse opinion or
disclaimer of opinion and were not qualified or modified as to uncertainty,
audit scope, or accounting principle.  During the fiscal years ended May 31,
2005 and 2004, and through December 6, 2005, there were no disagreements with
PwC on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement
disclosures, or auditing scope or procedure, which disagreements, if not
resolved to PwC's satisfaction, would have caused PwC to make reference
thereto in its reports on the consolidated financial statements for such
years.  During the period described in the preceding sentence, there were no
"reportable events" (as defined in the Securities and Exchange Commission
Regulation S-K, Item 304 (a)(1)(v)).

    On December 6, 2005 the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of the
Company engaged Burr, Pilger & Mayer LLP ("BPM") as the Company's independent
registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending May 31, 2006.
During the Company's two most recent fiscal years ended May 31, 2005, neither
the Company nor anyone acting on its behalf consulted with BPM regarding
either: ( i ) the application of accounting principles to a specific
transaction, either completed or proposed, or the type of audit opinion that
might be rendered on the Company's consolidated financial statements; or ( ii
) any matter that was the subject of a disagreement or event identified in
response to Item 304 (a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K and the related instructions
to that Item.

Item 9A.   Controls and Procedures

    Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures.  Our management
evaluated, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures
as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  Based
upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial
Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are
effective to ensure that information we are required to disclose in reports
that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in
Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms.

    Changes in internal controls over financial reporting.  There was no
change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control
over financial reporting.

Item 9B.   Other Information

    None.


                               PART III

Item 10.   Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant

    The information required by this item relating to directors is
incorporated by reference to the information under the caption "Proposal 1 --
Election of Directors" in the Proxy Statement.  The information required by
this item relating to executive officers is incorporated by reference to the
information under the caption "Management -- Executive Officers and Directors
of the Company" at the end of Part I of this report on Form 10-K.  Information
regarding Section 16 reporting compliance is incorporated herein by reference
under the caption 'Section 16(a) beneficial ownership reporting compliance' in
the Proxy Statement.

                                    51

<PAGE>
Item 11.   Executive Compensation

    The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the
section entitled "Compensation of Executive Officers" of the Proxy Statement.

Item 12.   Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management, and
Related Stockholder Matters

    The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the
section entitled "Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners, Directors
and Management" of the Proxy Statement.

Item 13.   Certain Relationships and Related Transactions

    The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the
section entitled "Certain Relationships and Related Transactions" of the Proxy
Statement.

Item 14.   Principal Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm's Fees and
Services

    The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the
section entitled "Principal Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm's
Fees and Services" of the Proxy Statement.


                                PART IV

Item 15.   Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules

(a)  The following documents are filed as part of this Report:

     1.  Financial Statements

         See Index under Item 8.

     2.  Financial Statement Schedule

         See Index under Item 8.

     3.  Exhibits

         See Item 15(b) below.

(b)  Exhibits

    The following exhibits are filed as part of or incorporated by reference
into this Report:

                                   52


<PAGE>
Exhibit
  No.                                Description
-------     -----------------------------------------------------------------

  3.1+      Restated Articles of Incorporation of Registrant.
  3.2+      Bylaws of Registrant.
  4.1++     Form of Common Stock certificate.
 10.1+      Amended 1986 Incentive Stock Plan and form of agreement
            thereunder.
 10.2++     1996 Stock Option Plan (as amended and restated) and forms of
            Incentive Stock Option Agreement and Nonstatutory Stock Option
            Agreement thereunder.
 10.3++     1997 Employee Stock Purchase Plan and form of subscription
            agreement thereunder.
 10.4++     Form of Indemnification Agreement entered into between Registrant
            and its directors and executive officers.
 10.5+      Capital Stock Purchase Agreement dated September 11, 1979 between
            Registrant and certain holders of Common Stock.
 10.6+      Capital Stock Investment Agreement dated April 12, 1984 between
            Registrant and certain holders of Common Stock.
 10.7+      Amendment dated September 17, 1985 to Capital Stock Purchase
            Agreement dated April 12, 1984 between Registrant and certain
            holders of Common Stock.
 10.8+      Amendment dated February 26, 1990 to Capital Stock Purchase
            Agreement dated April 12, 1984 between Registrant and certain
            holders of Common Stock.
 10.9+      Stock Purchase Agreement dated September 18, 1985 between
            Registrant and certain holders of Common Stock.
 10.10+     Common Stock Purchase Agreement dated February 26, 1990 between
            Registrant and certain holders of Common Stock.
 10.11+     Lease dated May 14, 1991 for facilities located at 1667 Plymouth
            Street, Mountain View, California.
 10.12+++   Lease dated August 3, 1999 for facilities located at Building C,
            400 Kato Terrace, Fremont, California.
 10.13++++  Preferred Shares Rights Agreement dated March 5, 2001.
 10.14+++++ Form of Change of Control Agreement.
 16.1++++++ Letter dated December 9, 2005 regarding change in Certifying
            Accountant.
 21.1+      Subsidiaries of the Company.
 23.1       Consent of Burr, Pilger & Mayer LLP - Independent Registered
            Public Accounting Firm.
 23.2       Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP - Independent Registered
            Public Accounting Firm.
 24.1       Power of Attorney (see page 55).
 31.1       Certification Statement of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to
            Section 302(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
 31.2       Certification Statement of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to
            Section 302(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
 32         Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
            Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant
            to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
------------------------
+  Incorporated by reference to the same-numbered exhibit previously filed
with the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed June 11, 1997
(File No. 333-28987).

++  Incorporated by reference to the same-numbered exhibit previously filed
with Amendment No.1 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed
July 17, 1997 (File No. 333-28987).

+++  Incorporated by reference to the same-numbered exhibit previously filed
with the Company's Form 10-K for the year ended May 31, 1999 filed August 30,
1999 (File No. 000-22893).

                                    53


<PAGE>
++++  Incorporated by reference to the Exhibit No. 4.1 previously filed with
the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 28, 2001 (File No. 000-
22893).

+++++  Incorporated by reference to the same-numbered exhibit previously filed
with the Company's Form 10-K for the year ended May 31, 2001 filed August 29,
2001 (File No. 000-22893).

++++++ Incorporated by reference to the same-numbered exhibit previously filed
with the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 9, 2005 (File No.
000-22893).

                                     54



<PAGE>
                                 SIGNATURES

     Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report on Form 10-K
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

Dated:  August 28, 2006
                                AEHR TEST SYSTEMS

                                By:           /s/ RHEA J. POSEDEL
                                     ----------------------------------------
                                                  Rhea J. Posedel
                                            CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND
                                        CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS


                               POWER OF ATTORNEY

     KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature
appears below constitutes and appoints Rhea J. Posedel and Gary L. Larson,
jointly and severally, his attorneys-in-fact, each with the power of
substitution, for him in any and all capacities, to sign any and all
amendments to this Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with exhibits
thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and
Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of said
attorneys-in-fact, or his substitute or substitutes, may do or cause to be
done by virtue hereof.

     Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1934, this Report
on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

        Signature                          Title                     Date
--------------------------  -----------------------------------  ---------------
                             Chief Executive Officer             August 28, 2006
                              and Chairman of the
 /s/ RHEA J. POSEDEL          Board of Directors
--------------------------    (Principal Executive Officer)
    Rhea J. Posedel
                             Vice President of Finance           August 28, 2006
                              and Chief Financial Officer
 /s/ GARY L. LARSON           Principal Financial and
--------------------------     Accounting Officer)
    Gary L. Larson


 /s/ ROBERT R. ANDERSON      Director                            August 28, 2006
--------------------------
    Robert R. Anderson


 /s/ WILLIAM W. R. ELDER     Director                            August 28, 2006
--------------------------
    William W. R. Elder


 /s/ MUKESH PATEL            Director                            August 28, 2006
--------------------------
    Mukesh Patel


 /s/ MARIO M. ROSATI         Director                            August 28, 2006
--------------------------
    Mario M. Rosati







                                   55


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
