<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>fy01-e10k.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 10-K REPORT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>
                                UNITED STATES
                      SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                            Washington, D. C. 20549

                                  FORM 10-K
(Mark One)
[X]  Annual report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
     Act of 1934 (Fee Required).
                    For the fiscal year ended May 31, 2001
                                      or
[ ]  Transition report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
     Exchange Act of 1934 (No Fee Required).
     For the transition period from ________________ to ________________

                       Commission file number: 000-22893.


                               AEHR TEST SYSTEMS
              (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)

         CALIFORNIA                                     94-2424084
(State or other jurisdiction of          (IRS Employer Identification Number)
 incorporation or organization)

     400 KATO TERRACE,  FREMONT, CA                     94539
(Address of principal executive offices)              (Zip Code)

   Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (510) 623-9400

      Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None
          Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:
                         Common Stock, $.01 par value

     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to
such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes  [X]  No [   ]

     Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to
Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be
contained, to the best of the Registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or
information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-
K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.   [X]

     The aggregate market value of the Registrant's Common Stock, par value
$.01 per share, held by non-affiliates of the Registrant, based upon the
closing price of $4.50 on July 31, 2001, as reported on the Nasdaq National
Market, was approximately $25,896,000.  For purposes of this disclosure,
shares of Common Stock held by persons who hold more than 5% of the
outstanding shares of Common Stock (other than such persons of whom the
Registrant became aware only through the filing of a Schedule 13G filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission) and shares held by officers and
directors of the Registrant have been excluded because such persons may be
deemed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not
necessarily conclusive for other purposes.

     The number of shares of Registrant's Common Stock, par value $.01 per
share, outstanding at July 31, 2001 was 7,128,811.

Documents Incorporated By Reference

    Certain information required by Items 10, 11, 12 and 13 of this report on
Form 10-K is incorporated by reference from the Registrant's proxy statement
for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on October 17, 2001 (the
"Proxy Statement"), which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission within 120 days after the close of the Registrant's fiscal year
ended May 31, 2001.


<PAGE>
                                AEHR TEST SYSTEMS

                                   FORM 10-K
                          FISCAL YEAR ENDED MAY 31, 2001

                               TABLE OF CONTENTS

                                    PART I
Item  1.      Business ...............................................      3
Item  2.      Properties  ............................................     10
Item  3.      Legal Proceedings ......................................     10
Item  4.      Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders ....     11


                                    PART II

Item  5.      Market for the Registrant's Common Equity and Related
                Shareholder Matters ..................................     11
Item  6.      Selected Financial Data ................................     12
Item  7.      Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
                and Results of Operations ............................     13
Item 7a.      Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about
                Market Risks .........................................     25
Item  8.      Financial Statements and Supplementary Data ............     27
Item  9.      Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on
                Accounting and Financial Disclosure ..................     45


                                   PART III

Item 10.      Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant .....     45
Item 11.      Executive Compensation .................................     45
Item 12.      Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
                Management ...........................................     46
Item 13.      Certain Relationships and Related Transactions .........     46


                                    PART IV

Item 14.      Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules and Reports on
                Form 8-K .............................................     46



              Signatures .............................................     49


                                       2



<PAGE>
    This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements with
respect to Aehr Test Systems ("Aehr Test" or the "Company") which involve
risks and uncertainties.  The Company's actual results may differ materially
from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements due to a number
of factors, including those described herein and the documents incorporated
herein by reference, and those factors described in Part II, Item 7 under
"Factors that May Affect Future Results of Operations."

                                    PART I

Item 1.   Business

THE COMPANY

    Aehr Test Systems develops, manufactures and sells systems which are
designed to reduce the cost of testing DRAMs and other memory devices,
perform reliability screening or burn-in of complex logic and memory devices,
and enable integrated circuit (IC) manufacturers to perform test and burn-in
of bare die.  Leveraging its expertise as a long-time leading provider of
burn-in equipment, with over 2,000 systems installed worldwide, the Company
has developed and introduced several innovative product families, including
the MTX, MAX and FOX systems, and the DiePak carrier.  The MTX is a massively
parallel test system designed to reduce the cost of memory testing by
performing both test and burn-in on thousands of devices simultaneously.  The
MAX can effectively burn-in and functionally test sophisticated devices, such
as digital signal processors, microprocessors, microcontrollers and systems-
on-a-chip.  The FOX is a full wafer contact burn-in and parallel test system
designed to make contact with all pads of a wafer simultaneously, thus
enabling full wafer burn-in and parallel test.  The DiePak carrier is a
reusable, temporary package that enables IC manufacturers to perform cost-
effective final test and burn-in of bare die.

INDUSTRY BACKGROUND

    Semiconductor manufacturing is a complex, multi-step process and defects
or weaknesses that may result in the failure of an IC may be introduced at
any process step.  Failures may occur immediately or at any time during the
operating life of an IC, sometimes after several months of normal use.
Semiconductor manufacturers rely on testing and reliability screening to
detect failures that occur during the manufacturing process.

    Testing and reliability screening involves multiple steps.  The first set
of tests is typically performed before the processed semiconductor wafer is
cut into individual die, in order to avoid the cost of packaging defective
die into their plastic or ceramic packages.  After the die are packaged and
before they undergo reliability screening, a short test is typically
performed in order to detect packaging defects.  Most leading-edge
microprocessors, microcontrollers, digital signal processors, and memory ICs
then undergo an extensive reliability screening and stress testing procedure
known as "burn-in."  The burn-in process screens for early failures by
operating the IC at elevated voltages and temperatures, usually at 125
degrees Celsius (257 degrees Fahrenheit), for periods typically ranging from
8 to 48 hours.  A burn-in system can process thousands of ICs simultaneously.
After burn-in, the ICs undergo a final test process using automatic test
equipment ("testers").  Traditional memory testers can test up to 128 ICs
simultaneously and perform a variety of tests at multiple temperatures.

PRODUCTS

    The Company manufactures and markets massively parallel test systems,
dynamic and monitored burn-in systems, full wafer contact systems, die
carriers, test fixtures and related accessories.

    All of the Company's systems are modular, allowing them to be configured
with optional features to meet customer requirements.  Systems can be
configured for use in production applications, where capacity, throughput and
price are most important, or for reliability engineering and quality
assurance applications, where performance and flexibility, such as extended
temperature ranges, are essential.

MASSIVELY PARALLEL TEST SYSTEM

    The MTX massively parallel test system is designed to reduce the cost of
memory test by processing thousands of memory devices simultaneously,
including DRAMs, Double Data Rate SDRAMs, SDRAMs, Rambus DRAMs, SRAMs and most
application-specific memories.  The MTX system can perform a significant
number of tests usually performed by traditional memory testers, including
pattern sensitivity tests, functional tests, data retention tests and refresh
tests.  The Company estimates that transferring these tests from traditional
memory testers to the MTX system can reduce by up to 70% the time that a
memory device must be tested by a traditional memory tester, thereby reducing
the required number of memory testers and, consequently, reducing capital and
operating costs.

                                       3

<PAGE>
    The MTX system consists of several subsystems: pattern generation and
test electronics, control software, network interface and environmental
chamber.  The MTX system has an algorithmic test pattern generator which
allows it to duplicate most of the tests performed by a traditional memory
tester.  Pin electronics at each performance test board ("PTB") position are
designed to provide accurate signals to the memory ICs being tested and
detect whether a device is failing the test.  An optional enhanced fault
collection capability allows the MTX to identify which cells in a memory IC
are failing, resulting in information which can be used to sort partially
good devices, and for engineering characterization of new device types.

    Devices being tested are placed on PTBs and loaded into environmental
chambers which typically operate at temperatures from 25 degrees Celsius (77
degrees Fahrenheit) up to 150 degrees Celsius (302 degrees Fahrenheit)
(optional chambers can produce temperatures as low as -55 degrees Celsius (-
67 degrees Fahrenheit)).  A single PTB can hold up to 336 Rambus DRAMs or 256
DDR SDRAMs, and a production chamber holds 30 PTBs, resulting in up to 10,080
Rambus or 7,680 SDRAMs being tested in a single system.

DYNAMIC AND MONITORED BURN-IN SYSTEMS

    The MAX system is designed for dynamic burn-in of memory and logic
devices.  The production version holds 64 burn-in boards ("BIBs"), each of
which may hold 350 or more devices, resulting in a system capacity of 22,400
or more memory devices.  The MAX system's 48-channel pin electronics and
ability to run stored test patterns also allow it to be used for application-
specific memory devices and many logic devices.  The pin electronics are
designed to provide precisely-controlled voltages and signals to the devices
on the BIBs and to protect them from damage during the burn-in process.  The
MAX system features multi-tasking Windows NT-based software which includes
lot tracking and reporting software that are needed for production and
military applications.  The MAX3 system, introduced in fiscal 1999, increases
the pin electronics to 96 channels, and handles the latest low voltage ICs.
The MAX3 also has extended stored test program capability for more complete
exercise and output monitoring of complex logic devices such as digital
signal processors.  The output monitor feature allows the MAX3 to perform
functional test of devices that contain built-in self-test (BIST) or JTAG
scan features.

    The ATX system is designed for dynamic and monitored burn-in of high pin-
count VLSI devices, including microprocessors, microcontrollers, application-
specific ICs ("ASICs"), and certain memory devices.  The ATX system uses much
of the same software as the MAX system and contains additional features such
as an interface to CAE systems for program development and output monitoring
to ensure that the devices receive the specified voltages and signals.  Its
256-channel pin electronics configuration allows it to handle complex logic
devices, and its ability to burn-in different device types in each of the
system's 32 BIB positions is useful for quality assurance applications.  The
Windows NT-based ATX2, introduced in fiscal 1999, includes a high current
feature to allow the system to burn-in more devices, plus an extended pattern
generation capability.

FULL WAFER CONTACT SYSTEM

    The FOX full wafer contact burn-in and parallel test system, introduced
in July 2001, is designed to make contact with all pads of a wafer
simultaneously, thus enabling full wafer burn-in and parallel test of memory
ICs.  One of the key features of the FOX system is the patent-pending
cartridge system.  This unique design is intended to accommodate a wide range
of contactor technologies.  Wafer-level burn-in and test enables lower cost
production of Known-Good Die (KGD) for multichip modules and systems-in-a-
package.

DIEPAK CARRIERS

    The Company's DiePak product line includes a family of reusable,
temporary die carriers and associated sockets which enable the test and burn-
in of bare die using the same test and burn-in systems used for packaged ICs.
DiePak carriers offer cost-effective solutions for providing known good die
for most types of ICs, including memory, microcontroller and microprocessor
devices.  The DiePak carrier was introduced in fiscal 1995.

    The DiePak carrier consists of an interconnect substrate, which provides
electrical connection between the die pads and the socket contacts, and a
mechanical support system.  The substrate is customized for each IC product.
The DiePak carrier comes in 108, 172 and 320 pin versions to handle ICs
ranging from low pin-count memories to high pin-count microprocessors.  The
DiePak carrier and socket feature a small footprint which reduces test and
burn-in cost because more devices may be processed simultaneously on a test
fixture.

                                       4

<PAGE>
TEST FIXTURES

    The Company manufactures and sells custom designed test fixtures
including performance test boards for use with the MTX massively parallel
test system, burn-in boards for its dynamic and monitored burn-in systems and
test contactors for use with the FOX full wafer contact burn-in and parallel
test system.  PTBs and BIBs hold the devices undergoing test or burn-in and
electrically connect the devices under test to the system electronics.  The
capacity of each PTB or BIB depends on the type of device being tested or
burned-in, ranging from several hundred in memory production to as few as
eight for high pin-count complex ASIC devices.  PTBs and BIBs are sold both
with new Aehr Test systems and for use with the Company's installed base of
systems.  Due to the advanced test requirements of the MTX system, PTBs are
substantially more complex than BIBs.  The Company has patented certain
features of the PTB and to date has licensed two other companies to supply
PTBs.

CUSTOMERS

    The Company markets and sells its products throughout the world to
semiconductor manufacturers, semiconductor contract assemblers, electronics
manufacturers and burn-in and test service companies.

    Sales to the Company's five largest customers accounted for approximately
58.8%, 64.3% and 62.7% of its net sales in fiscal 2001, 2000 and 1999,
respectively.  During fiscal 2001, Texas Instruments and Formosa Advanced
Technologies Co. Ltd. accounted for 25.2% and 12.7% of the Company's net
sales, respectively.  During fiscal 2000, Texas Instruments, Formosa Advanced
Technologies Co. Ltd. and First International Computer Inc. accounted for
22.8%, 19.2% and 13.5% of the Company's net sales, respectively.  During
fiscal 1999, Infineon (formerly the semiconductor group of Siemens), Texas
Instruments and Motorola accounted for 21.9% and 18.1% and 11.9% of the
Company's net sales, respectively.  No other customers represented more than
10% of the Company's net sales for any of such periods.  The Company expects
that sales of its products to a limited number of customers will continue to
account for a high percentage of net sales for the foreseeable future.  In
addition, sales to particular customers may fluctuate significantly from
quarter to quarter.  The loss of or reduction or delay in orders from a
significant customer, or a delay in collecting or failure to collect accounts
receivable from a significant customer could adversely affect the Company's
business, financial condition and operating results.

MARKETING, SALES AND CUSTOMER SUPPORT

    The Company has sales and service operations in the United States, Japan
and Germany, a support operation in Taiwan, and has established a network of
distributors and sales representatives in certain key parts of the world.

    The Company's customer service and support program includes system
installation, system repair, applications engineering support, spare parts
inventories, customer training, and documentation.  The Company has both
applications engineering and field service personnel located at the corporate
headquarters in Fremont, California and at the Company's subsidiaries in
Japan, Germany and Taiwan.  The Company's distributors provide applications
and field service support in other parts of the world.  The Company
customarily provides a warranty on its products.  The Company offers service
contracts on its systems directly and through its subsidiaries, distributors,
and representatives.

BACKLOG

    As of May 31, 2001 and 2000, the Company's backlog was $2.3 million and
$9.7 million, respectively.  The reduction in backlog was primarily the
result of a severe downturn in the semiconductor industry.  The Company's
backlog consists of product orders for which confirmed purchase orders have
been received and which are scheduled for shipment within 12 months.  Most
orders are subject to rescheduling or cancellation by the customer with
limited penalties.  Because of the possibility of customer changes in
delivery schedules or cancellations and potential delays in product
shipments, the Company's backlog as of a particular date may not be
indicative of net sales for any succeeding period.

RESEARCH AND PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT

    The Company historically has devoted a significant portion of its
financial resources to research and development programs and expects to
continue to allocate significant resources to these efforts.  The Company's
research and development expenses during fiscal 2001, 2000 and 1999 were
approximately $5.0 million, $5.4 million and  $4.9 million, respectively.

    The Company conducts ongoing research and development to develop new
products and to support and enhance existing product lines.  The Company is
currently developing capability and performance enhancements to the MTX,

                                       5

<PAGE>
MAX and ATX systems for future generation ICs.  The Company is also
developing DiePak carriers to accommodate additional types of devices.

    Building upon the expertise gained in the development of its existing
products, the Company has recently developed the FOX system for performing
test and burn-in of entire processed wafers, rather than individual die or
packaged parts.  This wafer-level burn-in and test project was financed by
the Company and the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency ("DARPA") under
a cost-sharing agreement entered into in 1994.  In January 2001, the Company
completed this $6.5 million multi-year research and development agreement
with DARPA.  It is not expected that there will be any additional R&D - DARPA
credits recorded for this project after fiscal 2001.

MANUFACTURING

    The Company assembles its products from components and parts manufactured
by others, including environmental chambers, power supplies, metal
fabrications, printed circuit assemblies, integrated circuits, burn-in
sockets and interconnect substrates.  Final assembly and test are performed
within the Company's facilities.  The Company's strategy is to use in-house
manufacturing only when necessary to protect a proprietary process or if a
significant improvement in quality, cost or lead time can be achieved.  The
Company's principal manufacturing facility is located in Fremont, California.
The Company's Tokyo, Japan facility provides limited manufacturing and
product customization.

    The Company relies on subcontractors to manufacture many of the
components or subassemblies used in its products.  The Company's MTX, MAX,
ATX and FOX systems contain several components, including environmental
chambers, power supplies, wafer contactors, signal distribution substrates
and certain ICs, which are currently supplied by only one or a limited number
of suppliers.  The DiePak products include an interconnect substrate which is
currently being supplied by a domestic supplier but the Company is also
evaluating alternate suppliers for the DiePak substrate.  The Company's
reliance on subcontractors and single source suppliers involves a number of
significant risks, including the loss of control over the manufacturing
process, the potential absence of adequate capacity and reduced control over
delivery schedules, manufacturing yields, quality and costs.  In the event
that any significant subcontractor or single source supplier was to become
unable or unwilling to continue to manufacture subassemblies, components or
parts in required volumes, the Company would have to identify and qualify
acceptable replacements.  The process of qualifying subcontractors and
suppliers could be lengthy, and no assurance can be given that any additional
sources would be available to the Company on a timely basis.  Any delay,
interruption or termination of a supplier relationship could have a material
adverse effect on the Company's business, financial condition and operating
results.

COMPETITION

    The semiconductor equipment industry is intensely competitive.
Significant competitive factors in the semiconductor equipment market include
price, technical capabilities, quality, flexibility, automation, cost of
ownership, reliability, throughput, product availability and customer
service.  In each of the markets it serves, the Company faces competition
from established competitors and potential new entrants, many of which have
greater financial, engineering, manufacturing and marketing resources than
the Company.

    Because the Company's MTX system performs burn-in and many of the
functional tests performed by memory testers, the Company expects that the
MTX system will face intense competition from burn-in system suppliers and
traditional memory tester suppliers.  The market for burn-in systems is
highly fragmented, with many domestic and international suppliers.  Some
users, such as independent test labs, build their own burn-in systems, and
some other users, particularly large Japanese IC manufacturers, acquire burn-
in systems from captive or affiliated suppliers.  Competing suppliers of
burn-in and functional test systems include Ando Corporation, Japan
Engineering Company and Reliability Incorporated.  In addition, suppliers of
memory test equipment including Advantest Corporation and Teradyne, Inc. may
seek to offer competitive parallel test systems in the future.

    The Company's MAX and ATX monitored and dynamic burn-in systems
increasingly have faced and are expected to continue to face severe
competition, especially from local, low cost manufacturers and from systems
manufacturers that offer higher power dissipation per device under test
(DUT).

    The Company's FOX full wafer contact system is expected to face
competition from larger systems manufacturers that have sufficient
technological know-how and manufacturing capability.  Competing suppliers of
full wafer contact system include Tokyo Electron Limited and Matsushita
Electric Industrial Co., Ltd.

    The Company's DiePak products face significant competition.  The Company
believes that several companies have developed or are developing other
products which are intended to enable burn-in and test of bare die.  As the
bare die market develops, the Company expects that other competitors will
emerge.  The DiePak products also face severe

                                       6

<PAGE>
competition from other alternative test solutions.  The Company expects that
the primary competitive factors in this market will be cost, performance,
reliability and assured supply.

    The Company's test fixture products face numerous competitors.  There are
limited barriers to entry into the BIB market, and as a result, many
companies design and manufacture BIBs, including BIBs for use with the
Company's MAX and ATX systems.  The Company's strategy is to provide higher
performance BIBs, and the Company generally does not compete to supply lower
cost, low performance BIBs.  The Company has granted royalty-bearing licenses
to two companies to make PTBs for use with its MTX systems, in order to
assure customers of a second source of supply, and the Company may license
others as well.  Sales of PTBs by licensees result in royalties to the
Company but reduce the Company's own sales of PTBs.

    The Company expects its competitors to continue to improve the
performance of their current products and to introduce new products with
improved price and performance characteristics.  New product introductions by
the Company's competitors or by new market entrants could cause a decline in
sales or loss of market acceptance of the Company's products.  Increased
competitive pressure could also lead to intensified price-based competition,
resulting in lower prices which could adversely affect the Company's
business, financial condition and operating results.  The Company believes
that to remain competitive it must invest significant financial resources in
new product development and expand its customer service and support
worldwide.  There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to
compete successfully in the future.

PROPRIETARY RIGHTS

    The Company relies primarily on the technical and creative ability of its
personnel, its proprietary software, and trade secret and copyright
protection, rather than on patents, to maintain its competitive position.
The Company's proprietary software is copyrighted and licensed to the
Company's customers.  The Company currently holds five issued United States
patents and has several additional United States patent applications and
foreign patent applications pending.  The Company currently has one United
States trademark registration.  One issued patent covers the method used to
connect the PTBs with the MTX system.

    The Company's ability to compete successfully is dependent in part upon
its ability to protect its proprietary technology and information.  Although
the Company attempts to protect its proprietary technology through patents,
copyrights, trade secrets and other measures, there can be no assurance that
these measures will be adequate or that competitors will not be able to
develop similar technology independently.  Further, there can be no assurance
that claims allowed on any patent issued to the Company will be sufficiently
broad to protect the Company's technology, that any patent will issue from
any pending application or that foreign intellectual property laws will
protect the Company's intellectual property.  Litigation may be necessary to
enforce or determine the validity and scope of the Company's proprietary
rights, and there can be no assurance that the Company's intellectual
property rights, if challenged, will be upheld as valid.  Such litigation
could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and could have a
material adverse effect on the Company's business, financial condition and
operating results, regardless of the outcome of the litigation.  In addition,
there can be no assurance that any of the patents issued to the Company will
not be challenged, invalidated or circumvented or that the rights granted
thereunder will provide competitive advantages to the Company.

    There are no pending claims against the Company regarding infringement of
any patents or other intellectual property rights of others.  However, the
Company may receive, in the future, communications from third parties
asserting intellectual property claims against the Company.  Such claims
could include assertions that the Company's products infringe, or may
infringe, the proprietary rights of third parties, requests for
indemnification against such infringement or suggest the Company may be
interested in acquiring a license from such third parties.  There can be no
assurance that any such claim made in the future will not result in
litigation, which could involve significant expense to the Company, and, if
the Company is required or deems it appropriate to obtain a license relating
to one or more products or technologies, there can be no assurance that the
Company would be able to do so on commercially reasonable terms, or at all.

EMPLOYEES

    As of July 31, 2001, the Company and its three foreign subsidiaries
employed 111 persons full-time, of whom 26 were engaged in research,
development, and related engineering, 34 in manufacturing, 35 in marketing,
sales, and customer support, and 16 in general administration and finance.
In addition, the Company from time to time employs a number of part-time
employees and contractors, particularly in manufacturing.  The Company's
success is in part dependent on its ability to attract and retain highly
skilled workers, who are in high demand.  None of the Company's employees is
represented by a union and the Company has never experienced a work stoppage.
Management considers its relations with its employees to be good.

                                       7

<PAGE>
GEOGRAPHIC AREAS

    The Company operates in several geographic areas.  Selected financial
information is included in Part II, Item 8, Note 13 "Segment Information" and
certain risks related to such operations are discussed in Part II, Item 7,
under the heading "Dependence on International Sales and Operations."


                               MANAGEMENT

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS

    The directors of the Company are elected annually.  The executive
officers of the Company serve with no specific term of office.  The executive
officers and directors of the Company are as follows:

Name of Executive Officer   Age       Positions with the Company
--------------------------  ----  -----------------------------------
Rhea J. Posedel............  59   Chief Executive Officer and
                                    Chairman of the Board of Directors

Carl J. Meurell............  41   President and Chief Operating Officer

Gary L. Larson.............  51   Vice President of Finance and Chief
                                    Financial Officer

Carl N. Buck...............  49   Vice President of Marketing

David S. Hendrickson.......  44   Vice President of Engineering

Christopher S. Noe.........  45   Vice President of Sales

Richard F. Sette...........  63   Vice President of Operations

Kunio Sano.................  45   President, Aehr Test Systems Japan K.K.

Robert R. Anderson (1).....  63   Director

William W. R. Elder (1)(2).  62   Director

Mukesh Patel (1)...........  43   Director

Mario M. Rosati (2)........  55   Director and Secretary

------------------------
(1) Member of the Audit Committee.

(2) Member of the Compensation Committee.


    RHEA J. POSEDEL is a founder of the Company and has served as Chief
Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors since its inception
in 1977.  From the Company's inception through May 2000, Mr. Posedel also
served as President.  Prior to founding the Company, Mr. Posedel held various
project engineering and engineering managerial positions at Lockheed Martin
Corporation (formerly "Lockheed Missile & Space Corporation"), Ampex
Corporation, and Cohu, Inc.  He received a B.S. in Electrical Engineering
from the University of California, Berkeley, an M.S. in Electrical
Engineering from San Jose State University and an M.B.A. from Golden Gate
University.

    CARL J. MEURELL joined the Company as Vice President of Worldwide Sales
in March 1999 and was elected President and Chief Operating Officer in June
2000.  From May 1996 to March 1999, Mr. Meurell served as Vice President and
General Manager of the test and repair division of Photon Dynamics, a
supplier of test inspection and repair systems for the flat panel display
industry.  From April 1995 to May 1996, he served as a director at Megatest,
a division of Teradyne, Inc.  From October 1993 to April 1995, he served as
Vice President and General Manager of Catapult Software Training, an IBM
company.  From December 1980 to October 1993, he held various sales

                                       8

<PAGE>
management positions at Megatest.  Mr. Meurell received an A.S. in Electrical
Engineering Technology, with distinction, from Pennsylvania State University,
a B.S. in Electronic Engineering, magna cum laude, from the University of
Massachusetts and an M.B.A. from Union College.

    GARY L. LARSON joined the Company in April 1991 as Chief Financial
Officer and was elected Vice President of Finance in February 1992.  From
1986 to 1990, he served as Chief Financial Officer, and from 1988 to 1990
also as President and Chief Operating Officer, of Nanometrics Incorporated, a
manufacturer of measurement and inspection equipment for the semiconductor
industry.  Mr. Larson received a B.S. in Mathematics/Finance from Harvey Mudd
College.

    CARL N. BUCK joined the Company as a Product Marketing Manager in 1983
and held various positions until he was elected Vice President of Engineering
in November 1992, Vice President of Research and Development Engineering in
November 1996, and Vice President of Marketing in September 1997.  From 1978
to 1983, Mr. Buck served as Product Marketing Manager at Intel Corporation,
an integrated circuit and microprocessor company.  Mr. Buck received a
B.S.E.E. from Princeton University, an M.S. in Electrical Engineering from
the University of Maryland and an M.B.A. from Stanford University.

    DAVID S. HENDRICKSON joined the Company as Vice President of Engineering
in October 2000.  From 1999 to 2000, Mr. Hendrickson served as Platform
General Manager, and from 1998 to 1999 as Engineering Director and Software
Director, of Siemens Medical (formerly Acuson Corporation), a medical
ultrasound products company.  From 1990 to 1995, Mr. Hendrickson served as
Director of Engineering and Director of Software of Teradyne Inc. (formerly
Megatest Corporation), a manufacturer of semiconductor capital equipment.
Mr. Hendrickson received a B.S. in Computer Science from Illinois Institute
of Technology.

    CHRISTOPHER S. NOE joined the Company as Vice President of Sales in April
2001.  From 1999 to 2001, Mr. Noe served as Vice President of Sales at
Kinetix Test Systems, a manufacturer of semiconductor testing equipment.
From 1997 to 1999, he served as Vice President of Semiconductor Test Products
at Comdisco Electronics Group, a lessor of semiconductor equipment.  From
1995 to 1997, Mr. Noe served as Major Account Manager, and from 1992 to 1995
as Director of Service, at Teradyne Inc., a manufacturer of semiconductor
capital equipment.  Mr. Noe received a B.S. in Electronic Technology from
California Polytechnic State University.

    RICHARD F. SETTE rejoined the Company as Vice President of Operations in
January 1996, after serving in that same position from 1984 to 1987.  He
served as Senior Director of Operations of Northrop Grumman Corp., a
manufacturer of aircraft and aircraft subsystems, from 1987 to 1993, as Vice
President of Operations of Symtek, Inc., which manufactures handling
equipment for the semiconductor industry, from 1993 to 1994 and as Director
of Engineering at SatCom Technologies Corp., a developer of energy storage
systems, from 1994 to 1995.  Mr. Sette received a B.S.E.E. and an M.S.E.E.
from Northeastern University.

    KUNIO SANO joined the Company as Vice President, Aehr Test Systems Japan
K.K., the Company's subsidiary in Japan, in June 1998 and was elected
President, Aehr Test Systems Japan K.K. in January 2001.  From 1991 to 1998,
he served as Manager of Development Engineering Department at Tokyo Electron
Yamanashi Limited, a leading worldwide semiconductor equipment manufacturer.
Mr. Sano received a B.S.E.E. from Sagami Institute of Technology in Kanagawa,
Japan.

    ROBERT R. ANDERSON was appointed to the Company's Board of Directors in
October 2000.  Mr. Anderson is a private investor.  From January 1994 to
January 2001, he was Chairman of Silicon Valley Research, Inc., a
semiconductor design automation software company, and its Chief Executive
Officer from December 1996 to August 1998, and from April 1994 to July 1995.
He also served as Chairman of Yield Dynamics, Inc., a private semiconductor
process control software company, from October 1998 to October 2000, and as
Chief Executive Officer from October 1998 to April 2001.  Mr. Anderson co-
founded KLA Instruments Corporation, now KLA-Tencor Corporation, a supplier
of semiconductor process control systems, in 1975 and served in various
capacities including Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Vice
Chairman and Chairman.  Mr. Anderson is a director of MKS Instruments, Inc.,
Metron Technology N.V. and Trikon Technologies, Inc.  He also serves as a
director for three private development stage companies, and as a trustee of
Bentley College.

    WILLIAM W. R. ELDER has been a director of the Company since 1989.  Dr.
Elder was the Chief Executive Officer of Genus, Inc. ("Genus"), a
semiconductor company, from his founding of Genus in 1981 to September 1996,
and has been serving in that same position again since April 1998.  Dr. Elder
has been a director of Genus since its inception.  Dr. Elder holds a B.S.I.E.
and an honorary Doctorate Degree from the University of Paisley in Scotland.

                                       9


<PAGE>
    MUKESH PATEL was appointed to the Company's Board of Directors in June
1999.  Mr. Patel co-founded SMART Modular Technologies, Inc., where he served
on its Board of Directors since its inception and he acted in various
executive capacities from 1989 to 1999.  Mr. Patel holds a B.S. degree in
Engineering with emphasis on digital electronics from Bombay University,
India.  Mr. Patel is a director of Sparkolor Corp., Nazomi Communications
Inc., Yatra Corporation and Parama Networks.

    MARIO M. ROSATI has been a director of the Company since 1977.  He is a
member of the law firm Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, Professional
Corporation which he joined in 1971.  Mr. Rosati is a graduate of Boalt Hall,
University of California at Berkeley.  Mr. Rosati is a director of Genus,
Inc., Sanmina Corporation, Symyx Technologies, Inc., The Management Network
Group, Inc., and Vivus, as well as several privately-held companies.

DIRECTORS' COMPENSATION AND OTHER ARRANGEMENTS

    Rhea J. Posedel, the only inside director of the Company, does not
receive any cash compensation for his services as a member of the Board of
Directors.  Each outside director receives (1) an annual retainer of $5,000,
(2) $1,000 for each regular board meeting he attends, and (3) $500 for each
committee meeting he attends if not held in conjunction with a regular board
meeting, in addition to being reimbursed for certain expenses incurred in
attending Board and committee meetings.  An inside director is a director who
is a regular employee of the Company, whereas an outside director is not an
employee of the Company.  Directors are eligible to participate in the
Company's stock option plans.  In fiscal 1999, outside directors William
Elder, Mario Rosati and David Torresdal were each granted options to purchase
5,000 shares at $4.25 per share.  In fiscal 2000, outside directors William
Elder, Mario Rosati, David Torresdal and Mukesh Patel were each granted
options to purchase 5,000 shares at $5.06 per share and an additional option
to purchase 15,000 shares at $3.88 per share was granted to Mukesh Patel.  In
fiscal 2001, outside directors William Elder, Mario Rosati and Mukesh Patel
were each granted options to purchase 5,000 shares at $6.25 per share,
additional options to purchase 20,000 shares at $4.00 per share were each
granted to William Elder and Mario Rosati, and an option to purchase 15,000
shares at $6.00 was granted to outside director Robert Anderson.    Mr.
Torresdal, a long-term director of the Company, passed away during fiscal
2000.

    The Board of Directors has a Compensation Committee and an Audit
Committee.  The Compensation Committee makes recommendations to the Board of
Directors regarding executive compensation matters, including decisions
relating to salary and bonus and grants of stock options.  The Audit
Committee approves the appointment of the Company's independent auditors,
reviews the results and scope of annual audits and other accounting related
services, and reviews and evaluates the Company's internal control functions.


Item 2.   Properties

    The Company's principal administrative and production facilities are
located in Fremont, California, in a 51,289 square foot building.  The lease
on this building expires in December 2009; the Company has an option to
extend the lease of its headquarters building for an additional five year
period at rates to be determined.  The Company's Japan facility is located in
Tokyo in an 11,029 square foot building under a lease which expires in 2004.
The Company leases a sales and support office on a month-to-month basis in
Utting, Germany.  The Company leases a support office in Hsinchu, Taiwan
under a lease which expires in 2004.  The Company's and its subsidiaries'
annual rental payments currently aggregate approximately $883,000.  The
Company believes that alternate facilities would be available if needed.


Item 3.   Legal Proceedings

    There are no pending claims against the Company regarding infringement of
any patents or other intellectual property rights of others.  However, the
Company may receive, in the future, communications from third parties
asserting intellectual property claims against the Company.  Such claims
could include assertions that the Company's products infringe, or may
infringe, the proprietary rights of third parties, requests for
indemnification against such infringement or suggestions that the Company may
be interested in acquiring a license from such third parties.  There can be
no assurance that any such claim made in the future will not result in
litigation, which could involve significant expense to the Company, and, if
the Company is required or deems it appropriate to obtain a license relating
to one or more products or technologies, there can be no assurance that the
Company would be able to do so on commercially reasonable terms, or at all.
The Company is not a party to any material pending legal proceedings, other
than ordinary routine litigation incidental to the business.

                                      10

<PAGE>
Item 4.   Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders

    None.


                                   PART II

Item 5.   Market for the Registrant's Common Equity and Related Shareholder
Matters

(a)  The Company's Common Stock has been publicly traded on the Nasdaq
National Market under the symbol "AEHR" since the Company's initial public
offering ("IPO") on August 15, 1997.  The initial public offering price was
$12.00 per share.  The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated,
the high and low sale prices for the Common Stock on such market.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                         High       Low
                                                      --------- ---------
<S>                                                  <C>        <C>
Fiscal 2000:
 First quarter ended August 31, 1999................    $ 5.06    $ 3.63
 Second quarter ended November 30, 1999.............      5.63      4.38
 Third quarter ended February 29, 2000..............      7.25      4.00
 Fourth quarter ended May 31, 2000..................     10.00      4.88

Fiscal 2001:
 First quarter ended August 31, 2000................    $ 8.00    $ 5.50
 Second quarter ended November 30, 2000.............      7.50      4.50
 Third quarter ended February 28, 2001..............      6.25      3.50
 Fourth quarter ended May 31, 2001..................      4.75      3.18

</TABLE>

        At August 7, 2001, the Company had 132 holders of record of its
Common Stock.  The Company estimates the number of beneficial owners of the
Company's Common Stock at August 7, 2001 to be 787.

        The market price of the Company's Common Stock has been volatile.
For a discussion of the factors affecting the Company's stock price, see
"Factors that may affect future results of operations -- possible volatility
of stock price."

        The Company has not paid cash dividends on its Common Stock or other
securities.  The Company currently anticipates that it will retain all of its
future earnings for use in the expansion and operation of its business and
does not anticipate paying any cash dividends on its Common Stock in the
foreseeable future.

(b)  Use of Proceeds from the IPO:

        On August 18, 1997, the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1
covering the IPO of 3,600,000 shares of the Company's Common Stock,
Commission file number 333-28987, was declared effective.  The net proceeds
of the IPO to the Company (after deducting expenses in connection with the
IPO) were $26,832,297.  From the effective date of the Registration
Statement, the net proceeds have been used for the following purposes:


Purchase and installation of machinery and equipment          $ 2,510,274
Repayment of indebtedness                                       4,455,179
Working capital                                                19,866,844
Temporary investments, including cash and cash equivalents             --
                                                             ------------
Total                                                         $26,832,297
                                                             ============

        As of May 31, 2001, all of the proceeds from such offering have been
used.

                                      11

<PAGE>
Item 6.   Selected Financial Data (in thousands except per share data):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                   Fiscal Year Ended May 31,
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------
                                                       2001       2000       1999       1998       1997
                                                   ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ----------
<S>                                               <C>         <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS DATA:
Net sales.....................................        $31,039    $24,505    $18,146    $40,805    $42,020
Cost of sales.................................         17,923     17,267     12,201     24,359     25,715
                                                   ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ----------
Gross profit..................................         13,116      7,238      5,945     16,446     16,305
                                                   ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ----------
Operating expenses:
  Selling, general and administrative.........          7,262      7,930      6,892      8,618      8,878
  Research and development....................          4,982      5,367      4,918      4,529      4,536
  Research and development cost
    reimbursement--DARPA .....................           (600)      (866)    (1,233)      (900)      (793)
                                                   ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ----------
    Total operating expenses..................         11,644     12,431     10,577     12,247     12,621
                                                   ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ----------
Income (loss) from operations.................          1,472     (5,193)    (4,632)     4,199      3,684

Interest income...............................            971        985      1,199      1,048          -
Interest expense..............................             (7)       (11)       (15)      (144)      (577)
Other income (expense), net...................             98        498        441       (364)      (565)
                                                   ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ----------
Income (loss) before income taxes.............          2,534     (3,721)    (3,007)     4,739      2,542

Income tax expense (benefit)..................          1,046     (1,116)      (677)     2,334       (773)
                                                   ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ----------
Income (loss) before cumulative effect
  of change in accounting principle...........          1,488     (2,605)    (2,330)     2,405      3,315

Cumulative effect of change in accounting
  principle - net of tax......................         (1,629)         -          -          -          -
                                                   ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ----------
Net income (loss).............................        $  (141)   $(2,605)   $(2,330)   $ 2,405    $ 3,315
                                                   ========== ========== ========== ========== ==========

Income (loss) per share before cumulative
  effect of change in accounting principle:
  Basic.......................................         $ 0.21    $ (0.38)   $ (0.34)    $ 0.38     $ 0.77
  Diluted.....................................         $ 0.21    $ (0.38)   $ (0.34)    $ 0.36     $ 0.74

Net income (loss) per share:
  Basic.......................................         $(0.02)   $ (0.38)   $ (0.34)    $ 0.38     $ 0.77
  Diluted.....................................         $(0.02)   $ (0.38)   $ (0.34)    $ 0.36     $ 0.74

Shares used in per share calculation
  Basic.......................................          7,074      6,813      6,854      6,327      4,297
  Diluted.....................................          7,179      6,813      6,854      6,761      4,500

</TABLE>

The following are unaudited pro forma amounts with the change in accounting
principle related to revenue recognition applied retroactively to fiscal
years prior to 2001:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                           May 31,
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------
                                                       2001       2000       1999       1998       1997
                                                   ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ----------
<S>                                               <C>         <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>
Net sales.....................................        $31,039    $22,580    $17,532       *          *
Net income (loss).............................          1,488     (3,837)    (2,723)      *          *
Net income (loss) per share:
  Basic.......................................        $  0.21    $ (0.56)   $ (0.40)      *          *
  Diluted.....................................        $  0.21    $ (0.56)   $ (0.40)      *          *

</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                           May 31,
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------
                                                       2001       2000       1999       1998       1997
                                                   ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ----------
<S>                                                <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS DATA:
Cash and cash equivalents.....................        $10,391    $ 8,323    $ 5,336    $ 6,748    $ 1,176
Working capital...............................         28,752     30,400     31,016     36,885      7,895
Total assets..................................         39,592     40,729     41,187     47,105     24,389
Long-term obligations, less current portion...            185        382        391        168        356
Total shareholders' equity....................         34,807     34,305     36,678     39,964     10,070

</TABLE>

Note: In fiscal 2001, the Company changed its accounting method for
recognizing revenue to comply with Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 101.

* Data is not available to provide pro forma information for these years.

                                      12

<PAGE>
Item 7.   Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations

    This Management's Discussion and Analysis section and other parts of this
Annual Report on Form 10-K contain forward-looking statements within the
meaning of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, that involve risks and uncertainties.  The
Company's actual results may differ significantly from the results discussed
in the forward-looking statements.  Factors that might cause such a
difference include, but are not limited to, those discussed below and in
"Business."  The forward-looking statements contained herein are made as of
the date hereof, and the Company assumes no obligation to update such
forward-looking statements or to update reasons actual results could differ
materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements.

OVERVIEW

    The Company was founded in 1977 to develop and manufacture burn-in and
test equipment for the semiconductor industry.  Since its inception, the
Company has sold more than 2,000 systems to semiconductor manufacturers,
semiconductor contract assemblers and burn- in and test service companies
worldwide. The Company's principal products currently are the MTX massively
parallel test system, the MAX and ATX burn-in systems, the FOX full wafer
contact burn-in and parallel test system, the DiePak carrier and test
fixtures.

    Prior to fiscal 1995, the Company primarily sold burn-in systems and
related products.  The Company experienced significant operating losses in
fiscal 1993 through fiscal 1995 due to a decline in net sales of burn-in
systems and significant investment in the development of new products.  In
fiscal 1993, the Company initiated development of the MTX massively parallel
test system and the DiePak carrier.  The Company began shipping the MTX in
March 1995 and DiePak carriers in volume in fiscal 1997.

    In 1994, the Company entered into a cost-sharing agreement with DARPA, a
U.S. government agency, under which DARPA provided co-funding for the
development of wafer-level burn-in and test equipment.  The contract provided
for potential payments by DARPA totaling up to $6.5 million.  The agreement
provided that (i) the Company shall retain title to all co-funded inventions,
(ii) DARPA will receive a paid-up license to use the inventions for
government purposes and (iii) DARPA can require the Company to license the
inventions to third parties on reasonable terms if the Company fails to
adequately commercialize the inventions.  Payments by DARPA depended on
satisfaction of development milestones, and DARPA had the right to terminate
project funding at any time.  The level of payments varied significantly from
quarter to quarter. DARPA payments are reflected as credits to research and
development expenses.  The two final milestones of this agreement were
approved and paid during fiscal 2001.  It is not expected that there will be
any additional R&D - DARPA credits recorded for this project after fiscal
2001.

    The Company's net sales consist primarily of sales of systems, die
carriers, test fixtures, upgrades and spare parts and revenues from service
contracts.  The Company's selling arrangements may include contractual
customer acceptance provisions and installation of the product occurs after
shipment and transfer of title.  As a result, effective June 1, 2000, to
comply with the provisions of Securities and Exchange Commission Staff
Accounting Bulletin No. 101, the Company recognizes revenue upon shipment and
defers recognition of revenue for any amounts subject to acceptance until
such acceptance occurs.  The amount of revenue deferred is the greater of the
fair value of the undelivered element or the contractual agreed to amounts.
Prior to June 1, 2000, revenue for all products except royalties was
recognized upon shipment of product provided no significant obligations
remained and collectability was assured.  Provisions for the estimated future
cost of warranty and installation were recorded at the time the products were
shipped.

    A substantial portion of the Company's net sales is derived from the sale
of products for overseas markets.  Consequently, an increase in the value of
the U.S. Dollar relative to foreign currencies would increase the cost of the
Company's products compared to products sold by local companies in such
markets.  Although most sales to German customers are denominated in dollars,
substantially all sales to Japanese customers are denominated in yen.  Since
the price is determined at the time a purchase order is accepted, the Company
is exposed to the risks of fluctuations in the yen-dollar exchange rate
during the lengthy period from purchase order to ultimate payment.  The
length of time between receipt of order and ultimate payment typically ranges
from six to twelve months.  The exchange rate risk is partially offset to the
extent the Company's Japanese subsidiary incurs yen-denominated expenses.  To
date, the Company has not invested in instruments designed to hedge currency
risks, but it may do so in the future.  The Company's Japanese subsidiary
typically carries debt or other obligations due to the Company that may be
denominated in either yen or dollars.  Since the financial statements of the
Japanese subsidiary are based in yen and the Company's financial statements
are based in dollars, the Japanese subsidiary and the Company recognize
income or loss in any period in which the value of the yen rises or falls in
relation to the dollar.

    In accordance with SFAS 86, the Company capitalizes its systems software
development costs incurred after a system achieves technological feasibility
and before first commercial shipment.  Such costs typically represent a small
portion of

                                      13

<PAGE>
total research and development costs.  No system software development costs
were capitalized or amortized in fiscal 1999, 2000 and 2001.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

    The following table sets forth statements of operations data as a
percentage of net sales for the periods indicated.


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                      Year Ended May 31,
                                                ----------------------------
                                                   2001     2000     1999
                                                --------- --------- --------
<S>                                             <C>       <C>       <C>
Net sales ................................         100.0%   100.0%   100.0%
Cost of sales ............................          57.7     70.5     67.2
                                                --------- --------- --------
Gross profit .............................          42.3     29.5     32.8

Operating expenses:
  Selling, general and administrative.....          23.4     32.3     38.0
  Research and development................          16.1     21.9     27.1
  Research and development cost
    reimbursement--DARPA..................          (1.9)    (3.5)    (6.8)
                                                --------- --------- --------
    Total operating expenses..............          37.6     50.7     58.3
                                                --------- --------- --------
    Income (loss) from operations.........           4.7    (21.2)   (25.5)

Interest income...........................           3.1      4.0      6.6
Interest expense..........................          (0.0)    (0.0)    (0.1)
Other income (expense), net...............           0.3      2.0      2.4
                                                --------- --------- --------
    Income (loss) before income taxes.....           8.1    (15.2)   (16.6)

Income tax expense (benefit)..............           3.4     (4.6)    (3.8)
                                                --------- --------- --------
Income (loss) before cumulative effect
  of change in accounting principle.......           4.7    (10.6)   (12.8)

Cumulative effect of change in accounting
  principle - net of tax..................          (5.2)      --       --
                                                --------- --------- --------
Net loss..................................          (0.5)%  (10.6)%  (12.8)%
                                                ========= ========= ========

</TABLE>

FISCAL YEAR ENDED MAY 31, 2001 COMPARED TO FISCAL YEAR ENDED MAY 31, 2000

    NET SALES.  Net sales consist primarily of sales of systems, die
carriers, test fixtures, upgrades and spare parts and revenues from service
contracts.  Net sales increased to $31.0 million in the fiscal year ended May
31, 2001 from $24.5 million in the fiscal year ended May 31, 2000, an
increase of 26.7%.  Net sales of $31.0 million in fiscal 2001 reflect the
Company's adoption of SAB 101, discussed below in "Accounting Change", which
resulted in a net increase in recognized revenue in fiscal 2001 of $1.9
million.  In addition, the increase in net sales in fiscal 2001 resulted from
an increase in sales of dynamic burn-in products of approximately $10.1
million, partially offset by decreases in sales of MTX products of
approximately $5.0 million and DiePak products of approximately $528,000.
The Company anticipates that net sales in the first quarter of fiscal 2002
will decline from the net sales  in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2001.  The
Company also anticipates that the Company's business will not improve
substantially for at least two more quarters.

    GROSS PROFIT.  Gross profit consists of net sales less cost of sales.
Cost of sales consists primarily of the cost of materials, assembly and test
costs, and overhead from operations.  Gross profit increased to $13.1 million
in the fiscal year ended May 31, 2001 from $7.2 million in the fiscal year
ended May 31, 2000, an increase of 81.2%.  Gross profit margin increased to
42.3% in the fiscal year ended May 31, 2001 from 29.5% in the fiscal year
ended May 31, 2000.  The increase in gross profit margin was primarily the
result of a change in product mix, resulting in lower material costs as a

                                      14

<PAGE>
percentage of net sales, and a decrease in provision for inventory reserves,
partially offset by an increase in the provision for warranty.  The Company
anticipates that gross profit margin in the first quarter of fiscal 2002 will
be similar to the gross profit margin in the first quarter of fiscal 2001.

    SELLING, GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE.  Selling, general and administrative
("SG&A") expenses consist primarily of salaries and related costs of
employees, customer support costs, commission expenses to independent sales
representatives, product promotion and other professional services.  SG&A
expenses decreased to $7.3 million in the fiscal year ended May 31, 2001 from
$7.9 million in the fiscal year ended May 31, 2000, a decrease of 8.4%.  The
decrease in SG&A expenses was primarily due to a decrease in product support
expenses.  As a percentage of net sales, SG&A expenses decreased to 23.4% in
the fiscal year ended May 31, 2001 from 32.3% in the fiscal year ended May
31, 2000, reflecting higher net sales.

    RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT.  Research and development ("R&D") expenses
consist primarily of salaries and related costs of employees engaged in
ongoing research, design and development activities, costs of engineering
materials and supplies, and professional consulting expenses.  R&D expenses
decreased to $5.0 million in the fiscal year ended May 31, 2001 from $5.4
million in the fiscal year ended May 31, 2000, a decrease of 7.2%.  The
decrease in R&D expenses was primarily due to a decrease in project material
expenses.  As a percentage of net sales, R&D expenses decreased to 16.1% in
the fiscal year ended May 31, 2001 from 21.9% in the fiscal year ended May
31, 2000, reflecting higher net sales.

    RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT COST REIMBURSEMENT - DARPA.  Research and
development cost reimbursement - DARPA ("R&D - DARPA") is a credit
representing reimbursements by DARPA of costs incurred in the Company's
wafer-level burn-in development project.  R&D - DARPA decreased to $600,000
in the fiscal year ended May 31, 2001 from $866,000 in the fiscal year ended
May 31, 2000, a decrease of 30.7%.  Payments by DARPA depended on
satisfaction of development milestones, and the level of payments varied
significantly from fiscal year to fiscal year.  The two final milestones of
this agreement were approved and paid during fiscal 2001.  It is not expected
that there will be any additional R&D - DARPA credits recorded for this
project after fiscal 2001.

    INTEREST INCOME.  Interest income decreased to $971,000 in the fiscal
year ended May 31, 2001 from $985,000 in the fiscal year ended May 31, 2000,
a decrease of 1.4%.

    INTEREST EXPENSE.  Interest expense decreased to $7,000 in the fiscal
year ended May 31, 2001 from $11,000 in the fiscal year ended May 31, 2000, a
decrease of 36.4%.  The decrease in interest expense was primarily the result
of a lower level of outstanding debt in fiscal 2001.

    OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE), NET.  Other income, net decreased to $98,000 in
the fiscal year ended May 31, 2001, from $498,000 in the fiscal year ended
May 31, 2000 a decrease of 80.3%.  The decrease in other income, net was
primarily due to foreign currency exchange losses recorded by the Company and
its subsidiaries in the fiscal year ended May 31, 2001 versus foreign
currency exchange gains recorded in the fiscal year ended May 31, 2000.

    INCOME TAX EXPENSE (BENEFIT).  Income tax expense was $1.0 million in the
fiscal year ended May 31, 2001, compared with income tax benefit of $1.1
million in the fiscal year ended May 31, 2000.  The income tax expense in the
fiscal year ended May 31, 2001 was primarily due to the tax expense recorded
as a result of income earned in the Company's U.S. operations.  The income
tax benefit in the fiscal year ended May 31, 2000 was primarily due to the
tax benefit recorded as a result of losses incurred in the Company's U.S.
operations.  Such tax benefit will be carried back to previous fiscal years
in which the Company paid taxes when its U.S. operations were profitable.
The Company's Japanese subsidiary has experienced significant cumulative
losses since fiscal 1993, and thus generated certain net operating losses
available to offset future taxes payable in Japan.  As a result of the
subsidiary's cumulative operating losses, a valuation allowance has been
established for the full amount of the subsidiary's net deferred tax assets.
The Company's effective income tax rate did not approximate the statutory tax
rates of the jurisdictions in which the Company operates primarily because no
tax benefit is being recorded for losses in the Company's Japanese
subsidiary.

ACCOUNTING CHANGE

    In May 2001, the Company changed its accounting method for recognizing
revenue on sales with an effective date of June 1, 2000.  The Company's
selling arrangements may include contractual customer acceptance provisions
and installation of the product occurs after shipment and transfer of title.
As a result, effective June 1, 2000, to comply with the provisions of
Securities and Exchange Commission Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 101, the
Company recognizes revenue upon shipment and defers recognition of revenue
for any amounts subject to acceptance until such acceptance occurs.  The
amount of revenue deferred is the greater of the fair value of the
undelivered element or the contractual agreed to amounts.  Prior to June 1,
2000, revenue for all products except royalties was recognized upon shipment
of

                                      15

<PAGE>
product provided no significant obligations remained and collectability was
assured.  Provisions for the estimated future cost of warranty and
installation were recorded at the time the products were shipped.  As a
result of this change, the Company recorded a non-recurring charge of $1.6
million for the cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle due to
the adoption of SAB 101.  This amount represents contracts subject to
acceptance and the fair value of installation on systems that shipped prior
to fiscal 2001, but did not receive final customer acceptance or were not
installed until after fiscal 2000, net of tax.

FISCAL YEAR ENDED MAY 31, 2000 COMPARED TO FISCAL YEAR ENDED MAY 31, 1999

    NET SALES.  Net sales increased to $24.5 million in the fiscal year ended
May 31, 2000 from $18.1 million in the fiscal year ended May 31, 1999, an
increase of 35.0%.  The increase in net sales in fiscal 2000 resulted
primarily from increased shipments of MTX products.

    GROSS PROFIT.  Gross profit increased to $7.2 million in the fiscal year
ended May 31, 2000 from $5.9 million in the fiscal year ended May 31, 1999,
an increase of 21.7%.  The increase in gross profit was primarily due to the
increase in net sales.  Gross profit margin decreased to 29.5% in the fiscal
year ended May 31, 2000 from 32.8% in the fiscal year ended May 31, 1999.
The decrease in gross profit margin was primarily the result of a higher
proportion of sales of lower margin MTX products and an increase in provision
for inventory reserves, partially offset by manufacturing overhead expenses
spreading over higher shipment levels and margin increases of most other
products of the Company.

    SELLING, GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE.  Selling, general and administrative
expenses increased to $7.9 million in the fiscal year ended May 31, 2000 from
$6.9 million in the fiscal year ended May 31, 1999, an increase of 15.1%.
The increase in SG&A expenses was primarily due to increases in employment
related expenses, commissions paid to outside sales representatives relating
to higher levels of shipments and product support expenses.  As a percentage
of net sales, SG&A expenses decreased to 32.3% in the fiscal year ended May
31, 2000 from 38.0% in the fiscal year ended May 31, 1999, reflecting higher
net sales.

    RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT.  Research and development expenses increased to
$5.4 million in the fiscal year ended May 31, 2000 from $4.9 million in the
fiscal year ended May 31, 1999, an increase of 9.1%.  The increase in R&D
expenses was primarily due to increases in engineering project material
expenses.  As a percentage of net sales, R&D expenses decreased to 21.9% in
the fiscal year ended May 31, 2000 from 27.1% in the fiscal year ended May
31, 1999, reflecting higher net sales.

    RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT COST REIMBURSEMENT - DARPA.  Research and
development cost reimbursement - DARPA decreased to $866,000 in the fiscal
year ended May 31, 2000 from $1.2 million in the fiscal year ended May 31,
1999, a decrease of 29.8%.

    INTEREST INCOME.  Interest income decreased to $985,000 in the fiscal
year ended May 31, 2000 from $1.2 million in the fiscal year ended May 31,
1999, a decrease of 17.8%.  The decrease in interest income was primarily the
result of a lower level of cash and investments in fiscal 2000 than in fiscal
1999.  .

    INTEREST EXPENSE.  Interest expense decreased to $11,000 in the fiscal
year ended May 31, 2000 from $15,000 in the fiscal year ended May 31, 1999, a
decrease of 26.7%.  The decrease in interest expense was primarily the result
of a lower long-term debt outstanding in fiscal 2000.

    OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE), NET.  Other income, net increased to $498,000 in
the fiscal year ended May 31, 2000, from $441,000 in the fiscal year ended
May 31, 1999, an increase of 12.9%.  The increase in other income, net was
primarily due to currency exchange gains recorded in the fiscal year ended
May 31, 2000.

    INCOME TAX EXPENSE (BENEFIT).  Income tax benefit was $1.1 million in the
fiscal year ended May 31, 2000, compared with income tax benefit of $677,000
in the fiscal year ended May 31, 1999.  The income tax benefit in the fiscal
years ended May 31, 2000 and 1999 was primarily due to the tax benefit
recorded as a result of losses incurred in the Company's U.S. operations.

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

    The Company's primary source of liquidity has been generated from the
Company's August 1997 initial public offering, which resulted in net proceeds
to the Company of approximately $26.8 million.  As of May 31, 2001, the
Company had $14.2 million in cash and short-term investments.

                                      16

<PAGE>
    Net cash provided by operating activities was approximately $1.0 million
for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2001, and net cash used in operating
activities was $6.0 million for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2000.  For the
fiscal year ended May 31, 2001, net cash provided by operating activities was
due to net income before cumulative effect of change in accounting principle
of $1.5 million, non-cash depreciation expense of $651,000, a decrease in
inventories and an increase in accrued expenses and deferred revenue, offset
by an increase in accounts receivable and a decrease in accounts payable.
For the fiscal year ended May 31, 2000, net cash used in operating activities
was due primarily to the net loss of $2.6 million, an increase in accounts
receivable of $2.8 million, an increase in inventory of $1.9 million and an
increase in other current assets of $1.0 million, partially offset by an
increase in accounts payable of $1.6 million.

    Net cash provided by investing activities was approximately $1.0 million
for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2001 and $8.6 million for the fiscal year
ended May 31, 2000.  Net cash provided by investing activities during the
fiscal year ended May 31, 2001 was primarily due to the sale of short-term
investments, partially offset by the purchase of long-term investments.  Net
cash provided by investing activities for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2000
was primarily due to sale of short-term and long-term investments, partially
offset by the acquisition of property and equipment.

    Financing activities provided cash of approximately $301,000 in the
fiscal year ended May 31, 2001 and $356,000 in the fiscal year ended May 31,
2000.  Net cash provided by financing activities for the fiscal year ended
May 31, 2001 was primarily due to proceeds from issuance of common stock and
exercise of stock options, partially offset by the Company's repurchase of
98,800 of its outstanding common shares at an average price of $4.71 and
principal repayments of the Company's long-term debt and capital lease
obligation.  Net cash provided by financing activities for the fiscal year
ended May 31, 2000 was primarily due to proceeds from exercise of stock
options, partially offset by principal repayments of the Company's long-term
debt and capital lease obligation and the Company's repurchase of 28,200 of
its outstanding common shares at an average price of $4.80 .

    As of May 31, 2001, the Company had working capital of $28.8 million,
compared with $30.4 million as of May 31, 2000.  Working capital consists of
cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, accounts receivable,
inventory and other current assets, less current liabilities.

    The Company announced in August 1998 that its board of directors had
authorized the repurchase of up to 1,000,000 shares of its outstanding common
shares.  The Company may repurchase the shares in the open market or in
privately negotiated transactions, from time to time, subject to market
conditions.  The number of shares of common stock actually acquired by the
Company will depend on subsequent developments and corporate needs, and the
repurchase program may be interrupted or discontinued at any time.  Any such
repurchase of shares, if consummated, may use a portion of the Company's
working capital.  As of May 31, 2001, the Company had repurchased 410,500
shares at an average price of $4.25.  Shares repurchased by the Company are
cancelled.

    From time to time, the Company evaluates potential acquisitions of
businesses, products or technologies that complement the Company's business.
Any such transactions, if consummated, may use a portion of the Company's
working capital or require the issuance of equity.  The Company has no
present understandings, commitments or agreements with respect to any
material acquisitions.

    The Company anticipates that the existing cash balance together with cash
provided by operations, if any, are adequate to meet its working capital and
capital equipment requirements through fiscal 2002.  After fiscal 2002,
depending on its rate of growth and profitability, the Company may require
additional equity or debt financing to meet its working capital requirements
or capital equipment needs.  There can be no assurance that additional
financing will be available when required, or if available, that such
financing can be obtained on terms satisfactory to the Company.

RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENT

    In June 1999, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 137 ("SFAS 137"), "Accounting
for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities - Deferral of the Effective
Date of FASB Statement No. 133."  SFAS 137 amends Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 133 ("SFAS 133"), "Accounting for Derivative
Instruments and Hedging Activities," to defer its effective date to all
fiscal quarters of all fiscal years beginning after June 15, 2000.  SFAS 133
establishes accounting and reporting standards for derivative instruments
including standalone instruments, as forward currency exchange contracts and
interest rate swaps or embedded derivatives and requires that these
instruments be marked-to-market on an ongoing basis.  These market value
adjustments are to be included either in the income statement or
stockholders' equity, depending on the nature of the transaction.  The
Company is required to adopt SFAS 133 in the first quarter of our fiscal year
2002.  The Company does not anticipate that the impact, if any, will be
material to the Company's financial statements.

                                      17

<PAGE>
    In June 2001, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 141 ("SFAS 141"), "Business
Combinations."  SFAS 141 requires the purchase method of accounting for
business combinations initiated after June 30, 2001 and eliminates the
pooling-of-interests method.  The Company does not believe that the adoption
of SFAS 141 will have a significant impact on its financial statements.

    In July 21, 2001, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB")
issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 142 ("SFAS 142"),
"Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets," which is effective for fiscal years
beginning after March 15, 2001.  SFAS 142 requires, among other things, the
discontinuance of goodwill amortization.  In addition, the standard includes
provisions upon adoption for the reclassification of certain existing
recognized intangibles as goodwill, reassessment of the useful lives of
existing recognized intangibles, reclassification of certain intangibles out
of previously reported goodwill and the testing for impairment of existing
goodwill and other intangibles.  The Company is currently assessing but have
not yet determined the impact SFAS 142 will have on its financial statements.


FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT FUTURE RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

    Special Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements

    This Annual Report on Form 10-K (this "Report") contains forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934.  Discussions containing such forward-looking statements may be found
in this section, as well as within this Report generally.  In addition, when
used in this Report, the words "believes," "anticipates," "expects" and
similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements.
Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and
uncertainties.

    Consequently, such forward-looking statements should be regarded solely
as our current plans, estimates and beliefs.  We do not undertake, and
specifically decline, any obligation to publicly release the results of any
revisions to these forward-looking statements that may be made to reflect any
future events or circumstances after the date of such statements or to
reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events.

     FLUCTUATIONS IN OPERATING RESULTS.  The Company has experienced and
expects to continue to experience significant fluctuations in its quarterly
and annual operating results.  During fiscal 2001 and 2000, quarterly net
sales have been as low as $4.4 million and as high as $9.0 million, and gross
margins for quarterly sales have fluctuated between 21.2% and 52.1%.  The
Company's future operating results will depend upon a variety of factors,
including the timing of significant orders, the mix of products sold, changes
in pricing by the Company, its competitors, customers or suppliers, the
length of sales cycles for the Company's products, timing of new product
announcements and releases by the Company and its competitors, market
acceptance of new products and enhanced versions of the Company's products,
capital spending patterns by customers, manufacturing inefficiencies
associated with new product introductions by the Company, the Company's
ability to produce systems and products in volume and meet customer
requirements, product returns and customer acceptance of product shipments,
volatility in the Company's targeted markets, political and economic
instability, natural disasters, regulatory changes, possible disruptions
caused by expanding existing facilities or moving into new facilities,
expenses associated with acquisitions and alliances, and various competitive
factors, including price-based competition and competition from vendors
employing other technologies.  The Company's gross margins have varied and
will continue to vary based on a variety of factors, including the mix of
products sold, sales volume, and the amount of products sold under volume
purchase arrangements, which tend to have lower selling prices.  Accordingly,
past performance may not be indicative of future performance.

    DEPENDENCE ON TIMING AND SIZE OF SALES ORDERS AND SHIPMENT.  The Company
derives a substantial portion of its revenues from the sale of a relatively
small number of systems which typically range in purchase price from
approximately $200,000 to over $1.0 million.  As a result, the loss or
deferral of a limited number of system sales could have a material adverse
effect on the Company's net sales and operating results in a particular
period.  All customer purchase orders are subject to cancellation or
rescheduling by the customer with limited penalties, and, therefore, backlog
at any particular date is not necessarily indicative of actual sales for any
succeeding period.  From time to time, cancellations and rescheduling of
customer orders have occurred, and delays by the Company's suppliers in
providing components or subassemblies to the Company have caused delays in
the Company's shipments of its own products.  There can be no assurance that
the Company will not be materially adversely affected by future cancellations
and rescheduling.  A substantial portion of net sales typically are realized
near the end of each quarter.  A delay or reduction in shipments near the end
of a particular quarter, due, for example, to unanticipated shipment
rescheduling, cancellations or deferrals by customers, customer credit
issues, unexpected manufacturing difficulties experienced by the Company, or
delays in deliveries by suppliers, could cause net sales in a particular
quarter to fall significantly below the Company's expectations.  As the
Company incurs expenses in anticipation of future sales levels, the Company's
results of operations may be adversely affected if such sales levels are not
achieved.

                                      18

<PAGE>
    RECENT OPERATING LOSSES.  The Company incurred an operating loss of $5.2
million and $4.6 million in fiscal 2000 and 1999, respectively.  The Company
also incurred operating losses of $2.1, $4.2 and $2.4 million in fiscal 1995,
1994 and 1993, respectively.  The Company operated profitably in fiscal 2001
and from fiscal 1996 to 1998, due to increased net sales that were
substantially the result of sales of new products, particularly sales of MTX
systems.  In fiscal 1998, the Company began to feel the industry slowdown due
to uncertainties caused primarily by the financial crisis in Asia and DRAM
overcapacity and recorded operating losses in fiscal 1999 and 2000.  Given
the semiconductor equipment market is down more sharply than the Company has
anticipated, the Company anticipates that net sales in the first quarter of
fiscal 2002 will decline from the fourth quarter of fiscal 2001 and gross
profit margin to be similar to that of the first quarter of fiscal 2001.
Although the Company reported operating income in fiscal 2001, the Company
may report operating losses in fiscal 2002 or later years.

    DEPENDENCE ON MARKET ACCEPTANCE OF MTX SYSTEM.  A principal element of
the Company's strategy is to capture an increasing share of the memory test
equipment market through sales of the MTX massively parallel test system.
The MTX is designed to perform both burn-in and many of the final test
functions currently performed by high-cost memory testers.  The Company's
strategy depends, in part, upon its ability to persuade potential customers
that the MTX system can successfully perform a significant portion of such
final test functions and that transferring such tests to MTX systems will
reduce their overall capital and test costs.  There can be no assurance that
the Company's strategy will be successful.  The failure of the MTX system to
achieve market acceptance would have a material adverse effect on the
Company's business, financial condition and operating results.

    Market acceptance of the MTX system is subject to a number of risks.
Through the end of fiscal 2001, several companies purchased evaluation units
of the MTX system, but only three customers have purchased production
quantities.  There are no long-term volume purchase commitments with any of
these customers.  There can be no assurance that these customers will
continue to purchase MTX systems for their production facilities.  Since most
potential customers have successfully relied on memory testers for many years
and their personnel understand the use and maintenance of such systems, the
Company anticipates that they may be reluctant to change their procedures in
order to transfer test functions to the MTX system.  Before a customer will
transfer test functions to the MTX, the test programs must be translated for
use with the MTX and lengthy correlation tests must be performed.
Correlation testing may take up to six months or more.  Furthermore, MTX
system sales are expected to be primarily limited to new facilities and to
existing facilities being upgraded to accommodate new product generations,
such as the transition to new memory technologies, such as Rambus or Double
Data Rate DRAMs.  Construction of new facilities and upgrades of existing
facilities have in some cases been delayed or canceled during this
semiconductor industry downturn.  Other companies have purchased MTX systems
which are being used only in quality assurance and engineering applications.
Market acceptance of the MTX system may also be affected by a reluctance of
IC manufacturers to rely on relatively small suppliers such as the Company.

    The Company's future sales and operating results are also partially
dependent on its sales of performance test boards for use with the MTX
system.  Sales of PTBs by the Company and its licensees will depend upon the
number of MTX systems operated by customers.

    DEPENDENCE ON MARKET ACCEPTANCE OF FOX SYSTEM.  Another element of the
Company's strategy is to capture an increasing share of the test equipment
market through sales of the FOX wafer-level burn-in and test system.  The FOX
is a new system designed to simultaneously burn-in and functionally test all
of the die on a wafer, and the market for FOX systems is in the very early
stages of development.  The FOX was introduced in July 2001, and no shipments
have yet been made.  The Company's strategy depends, in part, upon its
ability to persuade potential customers that the FOX system can successfully
contact and functionally test all of the die on a wafer simultaneously, and
that this method of testing is cost-effective for the customer.  There can be
no assurance that the Company's strategy will be successful.  The failure of
the FOX system to achieve market acceptance would have a material adverse
effect on the Company's future business.

    Market acceptance of the FOX system is subject to a number of risks.  The
Company must complete development of the FOX system and the manufacturing
processes used to build it.  Before a customer will incorporate the FOX
system in a production line, lengthy qualification and correlation tests must
be performed.  The Company anticipates that potential customers may be
reluctant to change their procedures in order to transfer burn-in and test
functions to the FOX system.  Initial purchases are expected to be limited to
systems used for these qualifications and for engineering studies.  Market
acceptance of the FOX system also may be affected by a reluctance of IC
manufacturers to rely on relatively small suppliers such as the Company.  As
is common with new complex products incorporating leading-edge technologies,
the Company may encounter reliability, design and manufacturing issues as it
begins volume production and initial installations of FOX systems at customer
sites.  While the Company places a high priority on addressing these issues
as they arise, there can be no assurance that they can be resolved to the
customer's satisfaction or that the

                                      19

<PAGE>
resolution of such problems will not cause the Company to incur significant
development costs or warranty expenses or to lose significant sales
opportunities.

    DEPENDENCE ON DEVELOPMENT OF BARE DIE MARKET AND MARKET ACCEPTANCE OF
DIEPAK CARRIER.  Another element of the Company's strategy is to capture an
increasing share of the bare die burn-in and test product market through
sales of its DiePak carrier products.  The Company developed the DiePak
carrier to enable burn-in and test of bare die in order to supply known good
die ("KGD") for use in applications such as multichip modules.  The Company's
DiePak strategy depends upon increased industry acceptance of bare die as an
alternative to packaged die as well as acceptance of the Company's DiePak
products.  There can be no assurance that the Company's strategy will be
successful.  The market for carriers to produce KGD has not expanded as
rapidly as expected, as some customers are adopting chip-scale packages
("CSPs"), which are smaller than traditional packages, as their next
packaging strategy.  Even though CSPs are relatively expensive, the Company
believes that end users are expressing a preference for CSPs because they
believe that CSPs are more compatible with their existing PC board assembly
equipment.  This has delayed the growth of the market for KGD, and therefore
for the Company's DiePak carrier.  The failure of the bare die market to
expand or of the DiePak carrier to achieve broad market acceptance would have
a material adverse effect on the Company's business, financial condition and
operating results.

    The emergence of the bare die market and broad acceptance of the DiePak
carrier are subject to a number of risks.  The Company believes that the
growth of the bare die market depends largely on the relative cost and
benefits to the manufacturers of PCs and other electronic products of using
bare die rather than alternative IC packaging methods.  There can be no
assurance that electronic manufacturers will perceive that the benefits of
KGD justify its potentially higher cost, and acceptance of KGD for many
applications may therefore be limited.  In addition, electronics
manufacturers must change their manufacturing processes in order to use KGD,
but electronics manufacturers typically have substantial investments in
existing manufacturing technology and have historically been slow in
transitioning to new technologies.

    The adoption of the DiePak products by IC manufacturers and burn-in and
test services companies typically will involve a lengthy qualification.  Such
qualification processes have delayed high volume sales of DiePak products by
the Company.  Motorola is the only customer to have ordered DiePak products
in production quantities, although Motorola did not purchase any DiePak
products in fiscal 2001.  Motorola accounted for approximately 88% and 54% of
the Company's net sales of DiePak products in fiscal 2000 and 1999,
respectively.  Sales to Motorola, which include both DiePak products and
other products, are made pursuant to individual purchase orders.  There is no
long-term volume purchase commitment.  There can be no assurance that
Motorola will resume purchasing DiePak products for its production facility.
There can also be no assurance that the bare die market will emerge and grow
as the Company anticipates, that the DiePak carrier will achieve commercial
acceptance, or that the Company will not experience difficulties in ramping
up production to meet any increased demand for DiePak products that may
develop.

    CUSTOMER CONCENTRATION.  The semiconductor manufacturing industry is
highly concentrated, with a relatively small number of large semiconductor
manufacturers and contract assemblers account for a substantial portion of
the purchases of semiconductor equipment.  Sales to the Company's five
largest customers accounted for approximately 58.8%, 64.3% and 62.7% of its
net sales in fiscal 2001, 2000 and 1999, respectively.  During fiscal 2001,
Texas Instruments and Formosa Advanced Technologies Co. Ltd. accounted for
25.2% and 12.7% of the Company's net sales, respectively.  During fiscal
2000, Texas Instruments, Formosa Advanced Technologies Co. Ltd. and First
International Computer Inc. accounted for 22.8%, 19.2% and 13.5% of the
Company's net sales, respectively.  During fiscal 1999, Infineon (formerly
the semiconductor group of Siemens), Texas Instruments and Motorola accounted
for 21.9%, 18.1% and 11.9% of the Company's net sales, respectively.  No
other customers represented more than 10% of the Company's net sales for any
of such periods.  The Company expects that sales of its products to a limited
number of customers will continue to account for a high percentage of net
sales for the foreseeable future.  In addition, sales to particular customers
may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter.  The loss of or
reduction or delay in orders from a significant customer, or a delay in
collecting or failure to collect accounts receivable from a significant
customer could adversely affect the Company's business, financial condition
and operating results.

    LIMITED MARKET FOR BURN-IN SYSTEMS.  Historically, a substantial portion
of the Company's net sales were derived from the sale of dynamic burn-in
systems.  The market for burn-in systems is mature and estimated to be
approximately $100 million per year.  In general, process control
improvements in the semiconductor industry have tended to reduce burn-in
times.  In addition, as a given IC product generation matures and yields
increase, the required burn-in time may be reduced or eliminated.  Some burn-
in system suppliers primarily provide "monitored" burn-in systems optimized
for DRAMs.  Sales of monitored burn-in systems have reduced the size of the
market segment addressed by the Company's dynamic burn-in systems.  IC
manufacturers, which historically have been the Company's primary customer
base, increasingly outsource test and burn-in to independent test labs which
often build their own

                                      20

<PAGE>
systems.  There can be no assurance that the market for burn-in systems will
grow, and sales of the Company's burn-in products could decline.

    LENGTHY SALES CYCLE.  Sales of the Company's systems depend, in
significant part, upon the decision of a prospective customer to increase
manufacturing capacity or to restructure current manufacturing facilities,
either of which typically involve a significant commitment of capital.  In
view of the significant investment or strategic issues that may be involved
in a decision to purchase MTX and FOX systems or DiePak carriers, the Company
may experience delays following initial qualification of the Company's
systems as a result of delays in a customer's approval process.  Furthermore,
the approval process for MTX, FOX and DiePak carrier sales may require
lengthy qualification and correlation testing.  For this and other reasons,
the Company's systems typically have a lengthy sales cycle during which the
Company may expend substantial funds and management effort in securing a
sale.  Lengthy sales cycles subject the Company to a number of significant
risks, including inventory obsolescence and fluctuations in operating
results, over which the Company has little or no control.  The loss of
individual orders due to the lengthy sales and evaluation cycle, or delays in
the sale of even a limited number of systems could have a material adverse
effect on the Company's business, operating results and financial condition
and, in particular, could contribute to significant fluctuations in operating
results on a quarterly basis.

    DEPENDENCE ON INTERNATIONAL SALES AND OPERATIONS.  Approximately 60.6%,
73.3% and 72.7% of the Company's net sales for fiscal 2001, 2000 and 1999,
respectively, were attributable to sales to customers for delivery outside of
the United States.  The Company maintains a sales, service, product
engineering and manufacturing organization in Japan, a sales and service
organizations in Germany and a support organization in Taiwan.  The Company
expects that sales of products for delivery outside of the United States will
continue to represent a substantial portion of its future revenues.  The
future performance of the Company will depend, in significant part, upon its
ability to continue to compete in foreign markets which in turn will depend,
in part, upon a continuation of current trade relations between the United
States and foreign countries in which semiconductor manufacturers or
assemblers have operations.  A change toward more protectionist trade
legislation in either the United States or such foreign countries, such as a
change in the current tariff structures, export compliance or other trade
policies, could adversely affect the Company's ability to sell its products
in foreign markets.  In addition, the Company is subject to other risks
associated with doing business internationally, including longer receivable
collection periods and greater difficulty in accounts receivable collection,
the burden of complying with a variety of foreign laws, difficulty in
staffing and managing global operations, risks of civil disturbance or other
events which may limit or disrupt markets, international exchange
restrictions, changing political conditions and monetary policies of foreign
governments.

    A substantial portion of the Company's sales has been in Asia.  Turmoil
in the Asian financial markets has resulted, and may result in the future, in
dramatic currency devaluations, stock market declines, restriction of
available credit and general financial weakness.  In addition, DRAM prices
have sometimes fallen dramatically, are currently doing so, and will likely
do so again in the future.  These developments may affect the Company in
several ways.  Currency devaluations may make dollar-denominated goods such
as those of the Company relatively more expensive for Asian clients.  The
Company believes that many international semiconductor manufacturers limited
capital spending (including the purchase of MTXs) in fiscal years 1999 and
2001, and that the uncertainty of the DRAM market may cause some
manufacturers in the future to again delay capital spending plans.  These
circumstances may also affect the ability of the Company's customers to meet
their payment obligations, resulting in cancellations or deferrals of
existing orders and the limitation of additional orders.  In addition, Asian
governments have subsidized some portion of fab construction.  Financial
turmoil may reduce these governments' willingness to continue such subsidies.
Such developments could have a material adverse affect on the Company's
business, financial condition and results of operations.

    Because a substantial portion of the Company's net sales is from sales of
products for delivery outside the United States, an increase in the value of
the U.S. Dollar relative to foreign currencies would increase the cost of the
Company's products compared to products sold by local companies in such
markets.  Approximately 85.1%, 13.0% and 1.9% of the Company's net sales for
fiscal 2001 were denominated in U.S. Dollars, Japanese Yen and German Marks,
respectively.  Although most sales to German customers are denominated in
dollars, substantially all sales to Japanese customers are denominated in
yen.  Since the price is determined at the time a purchase order is accepted,
the Company is exposed to the risks of fluctuations in the yen-dollar
exchange rate during the lengthy period from purchase order to ultimate
payment.  This exchange rate risk is partially offset to the extent the
Company's Japanese subsidiary incurs yen-denominated expenses.  To date, the
Company has not invested in instruments designed to hedge currency risks.  In
addition, the Company's Japanese subsidiary typically carries debt or other
obligations due to the Company that may be denominated in either yen or
dollars.  Since the financial statements of the Japanese subsidiary are based
in yen and the financial statements of the Company are based in dollars, the
Japanese subsidiary and the Company recognize currency exchange gain or loss
in any period in which the value of the yen rises or falls in relation to the
dollar.  The Company experienced a currency exchange loss of $238,000 in
fiscal 2001.  The Company recorded currency exchange gains of $371,000 and
$339,000 in fiscal 2000 and 1999, respectively.

                                      21

<PAGE>
    A substantial portion of the world's manufacturers of memory devices are
in Korea, Japan and Taiwan and growth in the Company's net sales depends in
large part upon its ability to penetrate the Korean and Japanese markets.
Both the Korean and Japanese markets are difficult for foreign companies to
penetrate.  The Company has served the Japanese market through its Japanese
subsidiary, which has experienced limited success and incurred operating
losses in recent years.  Sales into Korea have not been significant in recent
years.  In fiscal 2001, the Company signed an agreement with a new Korean
distributor.  The lack of local manufacturing may impede the Company's
efforts to develop the Korean market.  Taiwan also represents an increasingly
important portion of the memory manufacturer market.  The Company established
a support organization in Taiwan in fiscal 2001 but primarily relies on an
independent distributor in Taiwan for sales effort.  There can be no
assurances that the Company's efforts in Japan, Korea or Taiwan will be
successful or that the Company will be able to achieve and sustain
significant sales to, or be able to successfully compete in, the Japanese,
Korean or Taiwanese markets.

    RAPID TECHNOLOGICAL CHANGE; IMPORTANCE OF TIMELY PRODUCT INTRODUCTION.
The semiconductor equipment industry is subject to rapid technological change
and new product introductions and enhancements.  The Company's ability to
remain competitive will depend in part upon its ability to develop new
products and to introduce these products at competitive prices and on a
timely and cost-effective basis.  The Company's success in developing new and
enhanced products depends upon a variety of factors, including product
selection, timely and efficient completion of product design, timely and
efficient implementation of manufacturing and assembly processes, product
performance in the field and effective sales and marketing.  Because new
product development commitments must be made well in advance of sales, new
product decisions must anticipate both future demand and the technology that
will be available to supply that demand.  Furthermore, introductions of new
and complex products typically involve a period in which design, engineering
and reliability issues are identified and addressed by the Company and its
suppliers.  This process in the past required and in the future is likely to
require the Company to incur unreimbursed engineering expenses, and from time
to time to experience warranty claims or product returns.  There can be no
assurance that the Company will be successful in selecting, developing,
manufacturing and marketing new products that satisfy market demand.  Any
such failure would materially adversely affect the Company's business,
financial condition and results of operations.

    Because of the complexity of the Company's products, significant delays
can occur between a product's introduction and the commencement of volume
production of such product.  The Company has experienced significant delays
from time to time in the introduction of, and technical and manufacturing
difficulties with, certain of its products and may experience delays and
technical and manufacturing difficulties in future introductions or volume
production of new products, and there can be no assurance that the Company
will not encounter such difficulties in the future.  The Company's inability
to complete product development, products or to manufacture and ship products
in volume and in time to meet customer requirements would materially
adversely affect the Company's business, financial condition and results of
operations.

    As is common with new complex and software-intensive products, the
Company encountered reliability, design and manufacturing issues as it began
volume production and initial installations of certain products at customer
sites.  The Company places a high priority on addressing these issues as they
arise.  Certain of these issues in the past have been related to components
and subsystems supplied to the Company by third parties which have in some
cases limited the ability of the Company to address such issues promptly.
When the Company is in an early stage of the life cycle of one of its
products, there can be no assurance that reliability, design and
manufacturing issues will not be discovered in the future or that such
issues, if they arise, can be resolved to the customers' satisfaction or that
the resolution of such problems will not cause the Company to incur
significant development costs or warranty expenses or to lose significant
sales opportunities.

    Future improvements in semiconductor design and manufacturing technology
may reduce or eliminate the need for the Company's products.  For example,
the introduction of viable wafer-level burn-in and test systems, improvements
in built-in self test ("BIST") technology, and improvements in conventional
test systems, such as reduced cost or increased throughput, may significantly
reduce or eliminate the market for one or more of the Company's products.

    INTENSE COMPETITION.  In each of the markets it serves, the Company faces
competition from established competitors and potential new entrants, many of
which have greater financial, engineering, manufacturing and marketing
resources than the Company.  The Company expects its competitors to continue
to improve the performance of their current products and to introduce new
products with improved price and performance characteristics.  In addition,
continuing consolidation in the semiconductor equipment industry, and
potential future consolidation, could adversely affect the ability of smaller
companies such as the Company to compete with larger, integrated competitors.
New product introductions by the Company's competitors or by new market
entrants could cause a decline in sales or loss of market acceptance of the
Company's existing products.  Increased competitive pressure could also lead
to intensified price-based competition, resulting in lower prices which could
adversely affect the Company's business, financial

                                      22

<PAGE>
condition and operating results.  The Company believes that to remain
competitive it must invest significant financial resources in new product
development and expand its customer service and support worldwide.  There can
be no assurance that the Company will be able to compete successfully in the
future.

    The semiconductor equipment industry is intensely competitive.
Significant competitive factors in the semiconductor equipment market include
price, technical capabilities, quality, flexibility, automation, cost of
ownership, reliability, throughput, product availability and customer
service.  In each of the markets it serves, the Company faces competition
from established competitors and potential new entrants, many of which have
greater financial, engineering, manufacturing and marketing resources than
the Company.

    Because the Company's MTX system performs burn-in and many of the
functional tests performed by traditional memory testers, the Company expects
that the MTX System will face intense competition from burn-in system
suppliers and traditional memory tester suppliers.  The market for burn-in
systems is highly fragmented, with many domestic and international suppliers.
Some users, such as independent test labs, build their own burn-in systems,
and some other users, particularly large Japanese IC manufacturers, acquire
burn-in systems from captive or affiliated suppliers.  Competing suppliers of
burn-in and functional test systems include Ando Corporation, Japan
Engineering Company and Reliability Incorporated.  In addition, suppliers of
memory test equipment including Advantest Corporation and Teradyne, Inc. may
seek to offer competitive parallel test systems in the future.

    The Company's MAX and ATX monitored and dynamic burn-in systems
increasingly have faced and are expected to continue to face severe
competition, especially from local, low cost manufacturers and from systems
manufacturers that offer higher power dissipation per DUT.

    The Company's FOX full wafer contact system is expected to face
competition from larger systems manufacturers that have sufficient
technological know-how and manufacturing capability.  Competing suppliers of
full wafer contact system include Tokyo Electron Limited and Matsushita
Electric Industrial Co., Ltd.

    The Company's DiePak products face significant competition.  The Company
believes that several companies have developed or are developing other
products which are intended to enable burn-in and test of bare die.  As the
bare die market develops, the Company expects that other competitors will
emerge.  The DiePak products also face severe competition from other
alternative test solutions.  The Company expects that the primary competitive
factors in this market will be cost, performance, reliability and assured
supply.

    The Company's test fixture products face numerous competitors.  There are
limited barriers to entry into the BIB market, and as a result, many small
companies design and manufacture BIBs, including BIBs for use with the
Company's MAX and ATX systems.  The Company's strategy is to provide high
performance BIBs, and the Company generally does not compete to supply low
cost, low performance BIBs.  The Company has granted royalty-bearing licenses
to two companies to make PTBs for use with its MTX systems, in order to
assure customers of a second source of supply, and the Company may license
others as well.  Sales of PTBs by licensees result in royalties to the
Company but reduce the Company's own sales of PTBs.

    The Company expects its competitors to continue to improve the
performance of their current products and to introduce new products with
improved price and performance characteristics.  New product introductions by
the Company's competitors or by new market entrants could cause a decline in
sales or loss of market acceptance of the Company's products.  Increased
competitive pressure could also lead to intensified price-based competition,
resulting in lower prices which could adversely affect the Company's
business, financial condition and operating results.  The Company believes
that to remain competitive it must invest significant financial resources in
new product development and expand its customer service and support
worldwide.  There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to
compete successfully in the future.

    CYCLICALITY OF SEMICONDUCTOR INDUSTRY AND CUSTOMER PURCHASES; RISK OF
CANCELLATIONS AND RESCHEDULINGS.  The Company's operating results depend
primarily upon the capital expenditures of semiconductor manufacturers,
semiconductor contract assemblers and burn-in and test service companies
worldwide, which in turn depend on the current and anticipated market demand
for integrated circuits and products utilizing integrated circuits.  The
semiconductor and semiconductor equipment industries in general, and the
market for DRAMs and other memories in particular, historically have been
highly volatile and have experienced periodic downturns and slowdowns, which
have had a severe negative effect on the semiconductor industry's demand for
semiconductor capital equipment, including test and burn-in systems
manufactured and marketed by the Company.  These downturns and slowdowns have
adversely affected the Company's operating results in the past and in fiscal
1999, 2000 and 2001.  In addition, the purchasing patterns of the Company's
customers are also highly cyclical because most customers purchase the
Company's products for use in new production facilities or for upgrading
existing test lines for

                                      23

<PAGE>
the introduction of next generation products.  Construction of new facilities
and upgrades of existing facilities have in some cases been delayed or
canceled during the most recent semiconductor industry downturn.  A large
portion of the Company's net sales are attributable to a few customers and
therefore a reduction in purchases by one or more customers could materially
adversely affect the Company's financial results.  There can be no assurance
that the semiconductor industry will grow in the future at the same rates it
has grown historically.  Any downturn or slowdown in the semiconductor
industry would have a material adverse effect on the Company's business,
financial condition and operating results.  In addition, the need to maintain
investment in research and development and to maintain customer service and
support will limit the Company's ability to reduce its expenses in response
to any such downturn or slowdown period.

    The semiconductor equipment manufacturing industry has historically been
subject to a relatively high rate of purchase order cancellation by customers
as compared to other high technology industry sectors.  Manufacturing
companies that are the customers of semiconductor equipment companies
frequently revise, postpone and cancel capital facility expansion plans.  In
such cases, semiconductor equipment companies may experience a significant
rate of cancellations and reschedulings of purchase orders, as was the case
in the industry in late 1995, early 1996, 1998 and 2001.  There can be no
assurance that the Company will not be materially adversely affected by
future cancellations and reschedulings.

    DEPENDENCE ON SUBCONTRACTORS; SOLE OR LIMITED SOURCES OF SUPPLY.  The
Company relies on subcontractors to manufacture many of the components or
subassemblies used in its products.  The Company's MTX, MAX, ATX and FOX
systems contain several components, including environmental chambers, power
supplies, wafer contactors, signal distribution substrates and certain ICs,
which are currently supplied by only one or a limited number of suppliers.
The DiePak products include an interconnect substrate which is currently
being supplied by a domestic supplier,  but the Company is also evaluating
alternate suppliers for the DiePak substrate.  The Company's reliance on
subcontractors and single source suppliers involves a number of significant
risks, including the loss of control over the manufacturing process, the
potential absence of adequate capacity and reduced control over delivery
schedules, manufacturing yields, quality and costs.  In the event that any
significant subcontractor or single source supplier was to become unable or
unwilling to continue to manufacture subassemblies, components or parts in
required volumes, the Company would have to identify and qualify acceptable
replacements.  The process of qualifying subcontractors and suppliers could
be lengthy, and no assurance can be given that any additional sources would
be available to the Company on a timely basis.  Any delay, interruption or
termination of a supplier relationship could have a material adverse effect
on the Company's business, financial condition and operating results.

    POSSIBLE VOLATILITY OF STOCK PRICE.  The market price of the Company's
Common Stock has been, and may continue to be, extremely volatile.  The
Company believes that factors such as announcements of developments related
to the Company's business, fluctuations in the Company's operating results,
failure to meet securities analysts' expectations, general conditions in the
semiconductor and semiconductor equipment industries and the worldwide
economy, announcement of technological innovations, new systems or product
enhancements by the Company or its competitors, fluctuations in the level of
cooperative development funding, acquisitions, changes in governmental
regulations, developments in patents or other intellectual property rights
and changes in the Company's relationships with customers and suppliers could
cause the price of the Company's Common Stock to fluctuate substantially.  In
addition, in recent years the stock market in general, and the market for
small capitalization and high technology stocks in particular, has
experienced extreme price fluctuations which have often been unrelated to the
operating performance of affected companies.  Such fluctuations could
adversely affect the market price of the Company's Common Stock.

    MANAGEMENT OF CHANGING BUSINESS.  If the Company is to be successful, it
must expand its operations.  Such expansion will place a significant strain
on the Company's administrative, operational and financial resources.  Such
expansion will result in a continuing increase in the responsibility placed
upon management personnel and will require development or enhancement of
operational, managerial and financial systems and controls.  If the Company
is unable to manage the expansion of its operations effectively, the
Company's business, financial condition and operating results will be
materially and adversely affected.

    DEPENDENCE ON KEY PERSONNEL.  The Company's success depends to a
significant extent upon the continued service of Rhea Posedel, its Chief
Executive Officer, as well as other executive officers and key employees.
The Company does not maintain key person life insurance for its benefit on
any of its personnel, and none of the Company's employees is subject to a
non-competition agreement with the Company.  The loss of the services of any
of its executive officers or a group of key employees could have a material
adverse effect on the Company's business, financial condition and operating
results.  The Company's future success will depend in significant part upon
its ability to attract and retain highly skilled technical, management, sales
and marketing personnel.  There is a limited number of personnel with the
requisite skills to serve in these positions, and it has become increasingly
difficult for the Company to hire such personnel.  Competition for such
personnel in the semiconductor equipment industry is intense, and there can

                                      24

<PAGE>
be no assurance that the Company will be successful in attracting or
retaining such personnel.  The Company's inability to attract and retain the
executive management and other key personnel it requires could have a
material adverse effect on the Company's business, financial condition and
operating results.

    INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY PROTECTION AND INFRINGEMENT.  The Company's ability
to compete successfully is dependent in part upon its ability to protect its
proprietary technology and information.  Although the Company attempts to
protect its proprietary technology through patents, copyrights, trade secrets
and other measures, there can be no assurance that these measures will be
adequate or that competitors will not be able to develop similar technology
independently.  Further, there can be no assurance that claims allowed on any
patent issued to the Company will be sufficiently broad to protect the
Company's technology, that any patent will issue from any pending application
or that foreign intellectual property laws will protect the Company's
intellectual property.  Litigation may be necessary to enforce or determine
the validity and scope of the Company's proprietary rights, and there can be
no assurance that the Company's intellectual property rights, if challenged,
will be upheld as valid.  Such litigation could result in substantial costs
and diversion of resources and could have a material adverse effect on the
Company's business, financial condition and operating results, regardless of
the outcome of the litigation.  In addition, there can be no assurance that
any of the patents issued to the Company will not be challenged, invalidated
or circumvented or that the rights granted thereunder will provide
competitive advantages to the Company.

    There are no pending claims against the Company regarding infringement of
any patents or other intellectual property rights of others.  However, the
Company may receive, in the future, communications from third parties
asserting intellectual property claims against the Company.  Such claims
could include assertions that the Company's products infringe, or may
infringe, the proprietary rights of third parties, requests for
indemnification against such infringement or suggestions that the Company may
be interested in acquiring a license from such third parties.  There can be
no assurance that any such claim made in the future will not result in
litigation, which could involve significant expense  to the Company, and, if
the Company is required or deems it appropriate to obtain a license relating
to one or more products or technologies, there can be no assurance that the
Company would be able to do so on commercially reasonable terms, or at all.

    ENVIRONMENTAL REGULATIONS.  Federal, state and local regulations impose
various controls on the use, storage, discharge, handling, emission,
generation, manufacture and disposal of toxic or other hazardous substances
used in the Company's operations.  The Company believes that its activities
conform in all material respects to current environmental and land use
regulations applicable to its operations and its current facilities and that
it has obtained environmental permits necessary to conduct its business.
Nevertheless, the failure to comply with current or future regulations could
result in substantial fines being imposed on the Company, suspension of
production, alteration of its manufacturing processes or cessation of
operations.  Such regulations could require the Company to acquire expensive
remediation equipment or to incur substantial expenses to comply with
environmental regulations.  Any failure by the Company to control the use,
disposal or storage of, or adequately restrict the discharge of, hazardous or
toxic substances could subject the Company to significant liabilities.

SAFE HARBOR STATEMENT UNDER THE PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF
1995

    Certain of the statements and subject areas contained herein in
"Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations" that are not based on historical or current facts deal with or
may be impacted by potential future circumstances and developments.  Such
statements and the discussion of such subject areas involve, and are
therefore qualified by, the inherent risks and uncertainties surrounding
future expectations generally, and also may materially differ from the
Company's actual future experience involving any one or more of such subject
areas.  The Company has attempted to identify, in context, certain of the
factors that it currently believes may cause actual future experience and
results to differ from current expectations regarding the relevant statement
or subject area.  The Company's operations and results may be subject to the
effect of other risks and uncertainties in addition to the relevant
qualifying factors identified herein, including but not limited to,
cyclicality and seasonality in the industries to which the Company sells its
products, the impact of competitive products and pricing, extraordinary
fluctuations in the pricing and supply of the Company's raw materials,
volatility of commodities markets, unanticipated developments in the areas of
environmental compliance and other risks and uncertainties identified from
time to time in the Company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission.

Item 7a.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risks

    The Company considered the provisions of Financial Reporting Release No.
48 "Disclosures of Accounting Policies for Derivative Financial Instruments
and Derivative Commodity Instruments, and Disclosures of Quantitative and
Qualitative Information about Market Risk Inherent in Derivative Commodity
Instruments."  The Company has no holdings of derivative financial or
commodity instruments at May 31, 2001.

                                      25

<PAGE>
    The Company is exposed to financial market risks, including changes in
interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates.  The Company invests
excess cash in a managed portfolio of corporate and government bond
instruments with maturities of 18 months or less.  The Company does not use
any financial instruments for speculative or trading purposes.  Fluctuations
in interest rates would not have a material effect on the Company's financial
position, results of operations and cash flows.

    A majority of the Company's revenue and capital spending is transacted in
U.S. dollars.  The Company, however, enters into transactions in other
currencies, primarily Japanese Yen.  Substantially all sales to Japanese
customers are denominated in yen.  Since the price is determined at the time
a purchase order is accepted, the Company is exposed to the risks of
fluctuations in the yen-dollar exchange rate during the lengthy period from
purchase order to ultimate payment.  This exchange rate risk is partially
offset to the extent that the Company's Japanese subsidiary incurs yen-
denominated expenses.  To date, the Company has not invested in instruments
designed to hedge currency risks.  In addition, the Company's Japanese
subsidiary typically carries debt or other obligations due to the Company
that may be denominated in either yen or dollars.  Since the Japanese
subsidiary's financial statements are based in yen and the Company's
financial statements are based in dollars, the Japanese subsidiary and the
Company recognize foreign exchange gain or loss in any period in which the
value of the yen rises or falls in relation to the dollar.  A 10% decrease in
the value of the yen as compared with the dollar would potentially result in
an additional net loss of approximately $174,000.

                                      26



<PAGE>
Item 8.   Financial Statements and Supplementary Data


                       AEHR TEST SYSTEMS AND SUBSIDIARIES

                         Index to Financial Statements


  Report of Independent Accountants ..................................     28

  Consolidated Balance Sheets at May 31, 2001 and 2000 ...............     29

  Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years
    ended May 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999 ................................     30

  Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity and
    Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income for the years
    ended May 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999 ................................     31

  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended
    May 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999 ......................................     32

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements .........................     33


                                      27


<PAGE>
                      REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS


To the Board of Directors and Shareholders
of Aehr Test Systems:


    In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements listed in the
accompanying index under Item 14 (a) (1) present fairly, in all material
respects, the financial position of Aehr Test Systems and its subsidiaries at
May 31, 2001 and 2000, and the results of their operations and their cash
flows for each of the three years in the period ended May 31, 2001, in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America.  In addition, in our opinion, the financial statement schedule
listed in the accompanying index under Item 14 (a) (2) presents fairly, in
all material respects, the information set forth therein when read in
conjunction with the related consolidated financial statements.  These
financial statements and financial statement schedule are the responsibility
of the Company's management; our responsibility is to express an opinion on
these financial statements and financial statement schedule based on our
audits.  We conducted our audits of these statements in accordance with
auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America, which
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance
about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement.  An
audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts
and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating
the overall financial statement presentation.  We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.


    As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements,
effective June 1, 2000, the Company changed its method of recognizing revenue
to comply with Securities and Exchange Commission Staff Accounting Bulletin
No. 101.

PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP



San Jose, California
June 28, 2001


                                      28










<PAGE>
                       AEHR TEST SYSTEMS AND SUBSIDIARIES
                          CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
                     (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                     May 31,
                                                            -------------------------
                                                                2001           2000
                                                            ----------     ----------
<S>                                                         <C>           <C>
ASSETS

Current assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents ..........................         $10,391        $ 8,323
  Short-term investments .............................           3,764          7,365
  Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful
    accounts of $135 and $150 at May 31, 2001 and
    2000, respectively ...............................           5,751          6,294
  Inventories ........................................          10,125         11,183
  Deferred income taxes...............................           1,613          1,613
  Prepaid expenses and other .........................           1,708          1,664
                                                            ----------     ----------
      Total current assets ...........................          33,352         36,442

Property and equipment, net ..........................           2,103          2,613
Long-term investments ................................           2,267            580
Other assets, net ....................................           1,870          1,094
                                                            ----------     ----------
      Total assets ...................................         $39,592        $40,729
                                                            ==========     ==========

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

Current liabilities:
  Current portion of long-term bank debt .............         $    --        $   143
  Accounts payable ...................................           1,213          2,989
  Accrued expenses ...................................           3,336          2,873
  Deferred revenue ...................................              51             37
                                                            ----------     ----------
      Total current liabilities ......................           4,600          6,042

Long-term bank debt, net of current portion ..........              --            297
Deferred revenue .....................................              39             39
Deferred lease commitment ............................             146             46
                                                            ----------     ----------
      Total liabilities ..............................           4,785          6,424
                                                            ----------     ----------
Commitments (Note 7).

Shareholders' equity:
  Preferred stock, $.01 par value:
    Authorized: 10,000 shares;
    Issued and outstanding: none .....................              --             --
  Common stock, $.01 par value:
    Authorized: 75,000 shares;
    Issued and outstanding: 7,116 shares and 6,906
      shares at May 31, 2001 and 2000, respectively ..              71             69
  Additional paid-in capital .........................          36,134         35,332
  Note receivable from shareholders ..................             (84)            --
  Accumulated other comprehensive income ...........             1,487          1,564
  Accumulated deficit ................................          (2,801)        (2,660)
                                                            ----------     ----------
      Total shareholders' equity .....................          34,807         34,305
                                                            ----------     ----------
      Total liabilities and shareholders' equity .....         $39,592        $40,729
                                                            ==========     ==========
</TABLE>

   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated
                          financial statements.

                                      29


<PAGE>
                       AEHR TEST SYSTEMS AND SUBSIDIARIES
                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
                     (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                          Year Ended May 31,
                                                   --------------------------------
                                                       2001       2000       1999
                                                   ---------- ---------- ----------
<S>                                               <C>         <C>        <C>
Net sales.....................................        $31,039    $24,505    $18,146
Cost of sales.................................         17,923     17,267     12,201
                                                   ---------- ---------- ----------
Gross profit..................................         13,116      7,238      5,945
                                                   ---------- ---------- ----------
Operating expenses:
  Selling, general and administrative.........          7,262      7,930      6,892
  Research and development....................          4,982      5,367      4,918
  Research and development cost
    reimbursement--DARPA .....................           (600)      (866)    (1,233)
                                                   ---------- ---------- ----------
    Total operating expenses..................         11,644     12,431     10,577
                                                   ---------- ---------- ----------
Income (loss) from operations.................          1,472     (5,193)    (4,632)

Interest income...............................            971        985      1,199
Interest expense..............................             (7)       (11)       (15)
Other income (expense), net...................             98        498        441
                                                   ---------- ---------- ----------
Income (loss) before income taxes ............          2,534     (3,721)    (3,007)

Income tax expense (benefit)..................          1,046     (1,116)      (677)
                                                   ---------- ---------- ----------
Income (loss) before cumulative effect
  of change in accounting principle...........          1,488     (2,605)    (2,330)

Cumulative effect of change in accounting
  principle - net of tax......................         (1,629)        --         --
                                                   ---------- ---------- ----------
Net loss......................................           (141)    (2,605)    (2,330)
                                                   ---------- ---------- ----------
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax:
  Foreign currency translation expense........           (109)      (343)      (233)
  Unrealized holding gains (losses) arising
    during the year...........................             32         48        (61)
                                                   ---------- ---------- ----------
Comprehensive loss............................        $  (218)   $(2,900)   $(2,624)
                                                    ========== ========== ==========

Income (loss) per share before cumulative effect
  of change in accounting principle:
  Basic.......................................        $  0.21    $ (0.38)   $ (0.34)
  Diluted.....................................        $  0.21    $ (0.38)   $ (0.34)

Net loss per share
  Basic.......................................        $ (0.02)   $ (0.38)   $ (0.34)
  Diluted.....................................        $ (0.02)   $ (0.38)   $ (0.34)

Shares used in per share calculation
  Basic.......................................          7,074      6,813      6,854
  Diluted.....................................          7,179      6,813      6,854

</TABLE>

   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated
                          financial statements.

                                      30



<PAGE>
                                      AEHR TEST SYSTEMS AND SUBSIDIARIES
                               CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
                                  AND ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                               (IN THOUSANDS)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                           Comprehensive Income
                                                                  Notes    ---------------------    Retained
                                   Common Stock   Additional   Receivable  Unrealized Cumulative    Earnings
                                -----------------   Paid-in       From     Investment Translation (Accumulated
                                 Shares    Amount   Capital   Shareholders    Loss    Adjustment     Deficit)  Total
                                -------   -------   -------    ----------  --------   ---------     --------- -------
<S>                             <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>          <C>        <C>          <C>        <C>
Balances, June 1, 1998........    6,917      $69    $35,467      $ --        $ --      $2,153       $ 2,275   $39,964
  Issuance of common stock
    under employee plans......      123        2        481        --          --          --            --       483
  Repurchase of common stock..     (284)      (3)    (1,142)       --          --          --            --    (1,145)

  Net loss....................       --       --         --        --          --          --         2,330    (2,330)
  Net unrealized loss on
    investments...............       --       --         --        --         (61)         --            --       (61)
  Foreign currency
    translation adjustment....       --       --         --        --          --        (233)           --      (233)
                                                                                                              -------
  Comprehensive loss..........                                                                                 (2,624)
                                 -------  -------   -------    -------    -------     -------       -------   -------
Balances, May 31, 1999........    6,756       68     34,806        --         (61)      1,920           (55)   36,678

  Issuance of common stock
    under employee plans......      178        1        662        --          --          --            --       663
  Repurchase of common stock..      (28)      --       (136)       --          --          --            --      (136)

  Net loss....................       --       --         --        --          --          --        (2,605)   (2,605)
  Net unrealized gain on
    investments...............       --       --         --        --          48          --            --        48
  Foreign currency
    translation adjustment....       --       --         --        --          --        (343)           --      (343)
                                                                                                              -------
  Comprehensive loss..........                                                                                 (2,900)
                                 -------  -------   -------    -------    -------     -------       -------   -------
Balances, May 31, 2000            6,906       69     35,332        --         (13)      1,577        (2,660)   34,305

  Issuance of common stock
    under employee plans......      308        2      1,270        --          --          --            --     1,272
  Repurchase of common stock..      (98)       0       (468)       --          --          --            --      (468)
  Note receivable from
    shareholders..............       --       --         --       (84)         --          --            --       (84)

  Net loss....................       --       --         --        --          --          --          (141)     (141)
  Net unrealized gain on
    investments...............       --       --         --        --          32          --            --        32
  Foreign currency
    translation adjustment....       --       --         --        --          --        (109)           --      (109)
                                                                                                              -------
  Comprehensive loss..........                                                                                   (218)
                                 -------  -------   -------     -------   -------     -------       -------   -------
Balances, May 31, 2001            7,116      $71    $36,134      $(84)       $ 19      $1,468       $(2,801)  $34,807

</TABLE>

   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
                                   statements.

                                      31



<PAGE>
                      AEHR TEST SYSTEMS AND SUBSIDIARIES
                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                                (IN THOUSANDS)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                           Year Ended May 31,
                                                   ---------------------------------
                                                      2001        2000        1999
                                                   ---------   ---------   ---------
<S>                                                <C>         <C>         <C>
Cash flows from operating activities:
  Net loss......................................     $  (141)    $(2,605)    $(2,330)
  Adjustments to reconcile net income to net
    cash provided by (used in) operating
    activities:
    Cumulative effect of change in
      accounting principle......................       1,629          --          --
    Provision for doubtful accounts.............         (23)         27        (136)
    Loss (gain) on disposition of
      property and equipment....................          34           6          (4)
    Depreciation and amortization...............         651         703         453
    Deferred income taxes.......................          --          --        (456)
    Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
      Accounts receivable.......................      (2,098)     (2,791)      3,820
      Inventories...............................       1,090      (1,891)      2,740
      Accounts payable..........................      (1,514)      1,564      (1,431)
      Accrued expenses and deferred revenue.....       1,409         (46)     (1,857)
      Deferred lease commitment.................         100          85         (55)
      Other current assets......................        (126)     (1,008)       (402)
                                                   ---------   ---------   ---------
        Net cash provided by (used in)
          operating activities..................       1,011      (5,956)        342
                                                   ---------   ---------   ---------
Cash flows from investing activities:
    Decrease in short-term investments..........       3,601       7,482       1,732
    (Increase) decrease in long-
      term investments..........................      (1,655)      2,703      (2,392)
    Additions to property and equipment.........        (122)     (1,357)       (755)
    (Increase) decrease in other assets.........        (787)       (274)          9
                                                   ---------   ---------   ---------
        Net cash provided by (used in)
          investing activities..................       1,037       8,554      (1,406)
                                                   ---------   ---------   ---------
Cash flows from financing activities:
    Borrowings under long-term debt.............          --          --         453
    Long-term debt and capital lease
      principal payments........................        (419)       (170)       (147)
    Proceeds from issuance of common stock
      and exercise of stock options.............       1,272         662         483
    Issuance of notes to shareholders...........         (84)         --          --
    Repurchase of common stock..................        (468)       (136)     (1,145)
                                                   ---------   ---------   ---------
        Net cash provided by (used in)
          financing activities..................         301         356        (356)
                                                   ---------   ---------   ---------

Effect of exchange rates on cash................        (281)         33           8
                                                   ---------   ---------   ---------
        Net increase (decrease) in cash and
          cash equivalents......................       2,068       2,987      (1,412)

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year....       8,323       5,336       6,748
                                                   ---------   ---------   ---------
Cash and cash equivalents, end of year..........     $10,391      $8,323      $5,336
                                                    =========   =========   =========

Supplemental cash flow information:
    Cash paid during the year for:
      Interest .................................          $4         $10         $17
      Income taxes .............................          28          38         152

</TABLE>
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated
                          financial statements.
                                      32


<PAGE>
                      AEHR TEST SYSTEMS AND SUBSIDIARIES
                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


1. ORGANIZATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES:

BUSINESS:

    Aehr Test Systems ("Company") was incorporated in California in June 1977
and primarily designs, engineers and manufactures test and burn-in equipment
used in the semiconductor industry.  The Company's principal products are the
MTX massively parallel test system, the MAX and ATX burn-in systems, the FOX
full wafer contact system, test fixtures and the DiePak carrier.

CONSOLIDATION:

    The financial statements include the accounts of the Company, its wholly
owned foreign sales corporation ("FSC") and both its wholly owned and
majority owned foreign subsidiaries.  Intercompany accounts and transactions
have been eliminated.  The Company's 25% interest in ESA Electronics PTE Ltd.
("ESA"), a Singapore company, is accounted for under the equity method.
Equity income recorded related to ESA totaled $275,000, $76,000 and $127,000
in fiscal years 2001, 2000 and 1999, respectively.  The Company has another
investment which is accounted for at cost.

FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION AND TRANSACTIONS:

    Assets and liabilities of the Company's foreign subsidiaries are
translated into U.S. Dollars from Japanese Yen, German Marks and New Taiwan
Dollars using the exchange rate in effect at the balance sheet date.
Additionally, their revenues and expenses are translated using exchange rates
approximating average rates prevailing during the fiscal year.  Translation
adjustments that arise from translating their financial statements from their
local currencies to U.S. Dollars are accumulated and reflected as a separate
component of shareholders' equity and comprehensive income (loss).

    Transaction gains and losses that arise from exchange rate changes
denominated in currencies other than the local currency are included in the
statements of operations as incurred.

USE OF ESTIMATES:

    The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally
accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, and
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the
reporting period.  Actual results could differ from those estimates.

CASH EQUIVALENTS AND INVESTMENTS:

    Cash equivalents consist of money market instruments, commercial paper
and other highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of
three months or less. All investments are classified as available-for-sale.
Investments in available-for-sale securities are reported at fair value with
unrealized gains and losses, net of tax, if any, included as a component of
shareholders' equity.

CONCENTRATION OF CREDIT RISK:

    The Company sells its products primarily to semiconductor manufacturers
in North America, the Far East, and Europe.  As of May 31, 2001,
approximately 31%, 64% and 5% of accounts receivable are from customers
located in the United States, the Far East and Europe, respectively.  As of
May 31, 2000, approximately 33%, 58% and 9% of accounts receivable are from
customers located in the United States, the Far East and Europe,
respectively.  Four customers accounted for 25%, 16%, 11% and 11% of accounts
receivable at May 31, 2001, and three customers accounted for 42%, 15% and
11% of accounts receivable at May 31, 2000.  Two customers accounted for 25%
and 13% of net sales in fiscal 2001, respectively and three customers
accounted for 23%, 19% and 14% of net sales in fiscal 2000, respectively.
Three customers accounted for 22%, 18% and 12% of net sales in fiscal 1999,
respectively.  The Company performs ongoing credit evaluations of its
customers and generally does not require collateral.  The Company also
maintains allowances for potential credit losses and such losses have been
within management's expectations.  The Company uses letter of credit terms
for some of its international customers.

                                      33

<PAGE>
    Primarily all of the Company's cash, cash equivalents and short-term cash
deposits are deposited with major banks in the United States, Japan and
Taiwan.  The Company invests its excess cash in money market funds and short-
term cash deposits.  The money market funds and short-term cash deposits bear
the risk associated with each fund. The money market funds have variable
interest rates, and the short-term cash deposits have fixed rates.  The
Company has not experienced any losses on its money market funds or short-
term cash deposits.

INVENTORIES:

    Inventories are stated at the lower of standard cost (which approximates
cost on a first-in, first-out basis) or market.

PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT:

    Property and equipment are stated at cost.  Leasehold improvements are
amortized over the lesser of their estimated useful lives or the term of the
related lease.  Furniture, fixtures, machinery and equipment are depreciated
on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives.  The ranges of
estimated useful lives for furniture, fixtures, machinery and equipment are
as follows:

Leasehold improvements................................  life of the lease

Furniture and fixtures................................  2 to 15 years

Machinery and equipment...............................  4 to 11 years

Test equipment........................................  4 to 11 years

GOODWILL:

    Cost in excess of the fair value of net assets of acquired companies of
$956,000 is being amortized on a straight-line basis over 24.5 years and is
included in other assets, net of accumulated amortization of $634,000 and
$586,000 at May 31, 2001 and 2000, respectively.

REVENUE RECOGNITION:

    The Company's selling arrangements may include contractual customer
acceptance provisions and installation of the product occurs after shipment
and transfer of title.  As a result, effective June 1, 2000, to comply with
the provisions of Securities and Exchange Commission Staff Accounting
Bulletin No. 101, the Company recognizes revenue upon shipment and defers
recognition of revenue for any amounts subject to acceptance until such
acceptance occurs.  The amount of revenue deferred is the greater of the fair
value of the undelivered element or the contractual agreed to amounts.
Royalty revenue related to Performance Test Boards licensing income is
recognized when paid by the licensee.  This income is recorded in net sales.
Provisions for the estimated future cost of warranty is recorded at the time
the products are shipped.  Prior to June 1, 2000, revenue for all products
except royalties was recognized upon shipment of product provided no
significant obligations remained and collectability was assured and
provisions for the estimated future cost of warranty and installation were
recorded at the time the products were shipped.

PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT COSTS AND CAPITALIZED SOFTWARE:

    Costs incurred in the research and development of new products or systems
are charged to operations as incurred.

    Costs incurred in the development of software programs for the Company's
products are charged to operations as incurred until technological
feasibility of the software has been established.  Generally, technological
feasibility is established when the software module performs its primary
functions described in its original specifications, contains features
required for it to be usable in a production environment, is completely
documented and the related hardware portion of the product is complete.
After technological feasibility is established, any additional costs are
capitalized.  Capitalized costs are amortized over the estimated life of the
related software product using the greater of the units of sales or straight-
line methods over ten years.  No system software development costs were
capitalized or amortized in fiscal 1999, 2000 and 2001.

    During 1994, the Company entered into a cost-sharing research agreement
with the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency ("DARPA"), a U.S.
government agency, under which DARPA provided co-funding up to a maximum
amount of $6.5 million during fiscal 1994 through September 2000 for the
development of a new product that would allow for burn-in and test at the
wafer level.  Payments from DARPA were received upon DARPA's approval of the

                                      34

<PAGE>
achievement by the Company of milestones as outlined in the contract.  The
Company recognized such reimbursements as a reduction to research and
development expenses in an amount equal to actual reimbursable project costs
incurred.  In January 2001, the Company completed this $6.5 million multi-
year research and development agreement with DARPA.  It is not expected that
there will be any additional R&D - DARPA credits recorded for this project
after fiscal 2001.  At May 31, 2001 and May 31, 2000, no outstanding payments
were due from DARPA.

FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS:

    Carrying amounts of certain of the Company's financial instruments
including cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, accounts
receivable, accounts payable and accrued expenses approximate fair value due
to their short maturities.  Based on borrowing rates currently available to
the Company for loans with similar terms, the carrying value of notes payable
approximates fair value.

    The Company's investments are composed primarily of government and
corporate fixed income securities, certificates of deposit and commercial
paper.  Long-term investments mature after one year but less than two years.
While it is the Company's general intent to hold such securities until
maturity, management will occasionally sell particular securities for cash
flow purposes.  Therefore, the Company's investments are classified as
available-for-sale and are carried at fair value.  Through May 31, 2001, no
material losses had been experienced on such investments.

    Unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale investments, net of
tax, are computed on the basis of specific identification and are included in
shareholders' equity.  Realized gains, realized losses, and declines in
value, judged to be other-than-temporary, are included in other income.  The
cost of securities sold is based on the specific identification method and
interest earned is included in other income.

IMPAIRMENT OF LONG-LIVED ASSETS:

    In the event that facts and circumstances indicate that the carrying
value of assets may be impaired, an evaluation of recoverability would be
performed.  If an evaluation is required, the estimated future undiscounted
cash flows associated with the asset would be compared to the asset's
carrying value to determine if a write-down is required.

INCOME TAXES:

    Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on differences
between financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities and are
measured using the enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect when the
differences are expected to reverse.  Valuation allowances are established
when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to amounts expected to be
realized.

STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION:

    The Company accounts for its employee stock based compensation in
accordance with the provisions of Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 25,
"Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees," and presents disclosures required
by Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123, "Accounting for Stock
Based Compensation."

EARNINGS PER SHARE ("EPS") DISCLOSURES:

    The Company has adopted the provisions of Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards ("SFAS") No. 128, "Earnings Per Share," and all prior
periods have been restated accordingly.  Basic EPS is computed by dividing
income available to common shareholders by the weighted average number of
common shares outstanding for the period.  Diluted EPS is computed giving
effect to all dilutive potential common shares that were outstanding during
the period.  Dilutive potential common shares consist of the incremental
common shares issuable upon exercise of stock options for all periods.

COMPREHENSIVE INCOME:

    The Company has adopted Statement of Accounting Standards No. 130 ("SFAS
130"), "Reporting Comprehensive Income," which establishes standards for
reporting comprehensive income and its components in the financial
statements.  Unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities and
foreign currency translation adjustments are included in the Company's
components of comprehensive income (loss), which are excluded from net income
(loss).

                                      35

<PAGE>
    In accordance with the disclosure requirements of SFAS No. 128, a
reconciliation of the numerator and denominator of basic and diluted EPS is
provided as follows (in thousands, except per share amounts):


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                    Year Ended May 31,
                                             --------------------------------
                                                 2001       2000       1999
                                             ---------- ---------- ----------
<S>                                          <C>        <C>        <C>
Income (loss) available to common
shareholders before cumulative effect
of change in accounting principle:

Numerator: Income (loss) before
  cumulative effect of change in
  accounting principle......................   $ 1,488    $(2,605)   $(2,330)
                                             ---------- ---------- ----------
Denominator for basic income (loss) per share:
  Weighted-average shares outstanding ......     7,074      6,813      6,854
                                             ---------- ---------- ----------
Shares used in basic per share calculation..     7,074      6,813      6,854

Effect of dilutive securities:
    Employee stock options..................       105         --         --
                                             ---------- ---------- ----------
Denominator for diluted income (loss)
    per share...............................     7,179      6,813      6,854
                                             ---------- ---------- ----------

Basic income (loss) per share before
  cumulative effect of change in
  accounting principle......................    $ 0.21     $(0.38)    $(0.34)
                                              =========  =========  =========
Diluted income (loss) per share before
  cumulative effect of change in
  accounting principle......................    $ 0.21     $(0.38)    $(0.34)
                                              =========  =========  =========


Net loss available to common shareholders:

Numerator: Net loss.........................   $  (141)   $(2,605)   $(2,330)
                                             ---------- ---------- ----------
Denominator for basic loss per share:
  Weighted-average shares outstanding ......     7,074      6,813      6,854
                                             ---------- ---------- ----------
Shares used in basic per share calculation..     7,074      6,813      6,854

Effect of dilutive securities:
    Employee stock options..................        --         --         --
                                             ---------- ---------- ----------
Denominator for diluted loss per share......     7,074      6,813      6,854
                                             ---------- ---------- ----------

Basic loss per share........................    $(0.02)    $(0.38)    $(0.34)
                                              =========  =========  =========
Diluted loss per share......................    $(0.02)    $(0.38)    $(0.34)
                                              =========  =========  =========
</TABLE>

    Stock options to purchase 105,000, 150,000 and 122,000 shares of common
stock were outstanding in fiscal 2001, 2000 and 1999, respectively, but were
not included in the computation of diluted loss per share because the
inclusion of such shares would be anti-dilutive.

                                      36

<PAGE>
RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS:

    In June 1999, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 137 ("SFAS 137"), "Accounting
for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities - Deferral of the Effective
Date of FASB Statement No. 133."  SFAS 137 amends Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 133 ("SFAS 133"), "Accounting for Derivative
Instruments and Hedging Activities," to defer its effective date to all
fiscal quarters of all fiscal years beginning after June 15, 2000.  SFAS 133
establishes accounting and reporting standards for derivative instruments
including standalone instruments, as forward currency exchange contracts and
interest rate swaps or embedded derivatives and requires that these
instruments be marked-to-market on an ongoing basis.  These market value
adjustments are to be included either in the income statement or
stockholders' equity, depending on the nature of the transaction.  The
Company is required to adopt SFAS 133 in the first quarter of our fiscal year
2002.  The Company does not anticipate that the impact, if any, will be
material to the Company's financial statements.

    In June 2001, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 141 ("SFAS 141"), "Business
Combinations."  SFAS 141 requires the purchase method of accounting for
business combinations initiated after June 30, 2001 and eliminates the
pooling-of-interests method.  The Company does not believe that the adoption
of SFAS 141 will have a significant impact on its financial statements.

    In July 21, 2001, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB")
issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 142 ("SFAS 142"),
"Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets," which is effective for fiscal years
beginning after March 15, 2001.  SFAS 142 requires, among other things, the
discontinuance of goodwill amortization.  In addition, the standard includes
provisions upon adoption for the reclassification of certain existing
recognized intangibles as goodwill, reassessment of the useful lives of
existing recognized intangibles, reclassification of certain intangibles out
of previously reported goodwill and the testing for impairment of existing
goodwill and other intangibles.  The Company is currently assessing but have
not yet determined the impact SFAS 142 will have on its financial statements.


2. ACCOUNTING CHANGE - REVENUE RECOGNITION:

    In May 2001, the Company changed its accounting method for recognizing
revenue on sales with an effective date of June 1, 2000.  The Company's
selling arrangements may include contractual customer acceptance provisions
and installation of the product occurs after shipment and transfer of title.
As a result, effective June 1, 2000, to comply with the provisions of
Securities and Exchange Commission Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 101, the
Company recognizes revenue upon shipment and defers recognition of revenue
for any amounts subject to acceptance until such acceptance occurs.  The
amount of revenue deferred is the greater of the fair value of the
undelivered element or the contractual agreed to amounts.  Prior to June 1,
2000, revenue for all products except royalties was recognized upon shipment
of product provided no significant obligations remained and collectability
was assured.  Provisions for the estimated future cost of warranty and
installation were recorded at the time the products were shipped.

    The cumulative effect on prior years of the change in accounting method
was a charge of $1.6 million or $0.23 per basic and diluted share.


3. INVENTORIES:

     Inventories are comprised of the following (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                   May 31,
                                         -------------------------
                                             2001         2000
                                         ------------ ------------
<S>                                      <C>          <C>
Raw materials and subassemblies.........     $ 4,479      $ 4,164
Work in process.........................       4,779        6,299
Finished goods..........................         867          720
                                         ------------ ------------
                                             $10,125      $11,183
                                         ============ ============
</TABLE>

                                      37

<PAGE>
4. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT:

    Property and equipment comprise (in thousands):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                   May 31,
                                         -------------------------
                                             2001         2000
                                         ------------ ------------
<S>                                      <C>          <C>
Leasehold improvements..................      $1,418       $1,494
Furniture and fixtures..................       3,037        3,367
Machinery and equipment.................       3,253        3,214
Test equipment..........................       2,189        2,109
                                         ------------ ------------
                                               9,897       10,184
Less accumulated depreciation
  and amortization......................      (7,794)      (7,571)
                                         ------------ ------------
                                              $2,103       $2,613
                                         ============ ============
</TABLE>

5. LONG-TERM BANK DEBT:

    Long-term bank debt comprises (in thousands):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            May 31,
                                                    ------------------------
                                                         2001         2000
                                                    ------------ -----------
<S>                                                 <C>          <C>
Various notes payable to Japanese banks, denominated
  in Japanese Yen, bearing interest at 1.3% to 1.9%
  per annum. These notes were payable in monthly
  principal installments of $1,000 to $7,000 plus
  accrued interest, maturing through November 2003
  and were collateralized by accounts receivable......     $ --        $440

Less current portion.................................        --        (143)
                                                     ------------ -----------
                                                           $ --        $297
                                                     ============ ===========
</TABLE>
    The long-term bank debt was fully paid off during fiscal 2001.


6. ACCRUED EXPENSES:

    Accrued expenses comprise (in thousands):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                   May 31,
                                         -------------------------
                                             2001         2000
                                         ------------ ------------
<S>                                      <C>          <C>
Payroll related.........................      $  557       $  854
Commissions and bonuses.................         843          536
Warranty................................         479          346
Other...................................       1,457        1,137
                                         ------------ ------------
                                              $3,336       $2,873
                                         ============ ============
</TABLE>

                                      38

<PAGE>
7. COMMITMENTS:

    The Company leases most of its manufacturing and office space under
operating leases. The Company entered into a non-cancelable operating lease
agreement for its United States manufacturing and office facilities, which
commenced in December 1999 and expires in December 2009. Under the lease
agreement, the Company is responsible for payments of utilities, taxes and
insurance.

    Minimum annual rentals payable under operating leases in each of the next
five fiscal years and thereafter are as follows (in thousands):

2002....................................        $909
2003....................................         929
2004....................................         945
2005....................................         756
2006 and thereafter.....................       3,725

    Rental expense for the years ended May 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999 was
approximately $977,000, $1,275,000 and $1,029,000, respectively.

    At May 31, 2001, the Company has a $50,000 certificate of deposit held by
a financial institution representing a security deposit for its United States
manufacturing office and facilities lease.


8. CAPITAL STOCK:

PREFERRED STOCK:

    The Board of Directors is authorized to determine the rights of the
preferred shareholders.

STOCK OPTIONS:

    The Company has reserved 1,215,708 shares of common stock for issuance to
employees and consultants under its two stock option plans.  Both plans
provide that qualified options be granted at an exercise price equal to the
fair market value at the date of grant, as determined by the Board of
Directors (85% of fair market value in the case of non-statutory options and
purchase rights and 110% of fair market value in certain circumstances).
Options generally expire within seven years from date of grant. Most options
become exercisable in increments over a four-year period from the date of
grant.  Options to purchase approximately 376,857 shares were exercisable at
May 31, 2001.

                                      39

<PAGE>
    Activity under the Company's stock option plans was as follows (in
thousands, except per share data):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     Outstanding Options
                                          --------------------------------------
                                           Number
                               Available     of
                                Shares     Shares     Price per Share    Total
                               ---------  -------- -------------------- --------
<S>                                <C>         <C>        <C>                    <C>
Balances, June 1, 1998........      440       816   $3.25   --  $17.00   $4,106

  Options granted.............     (257)      257   $4.25   --   $6.63    1,488
  Options terminated..........      103      (103)  $3.25   --   $7.50     (462)
  Options exercised...........       --       (49)  $3.25   --   $4.00     (172)
  1986 Plan expiration........      (71)       --                            --
                               ---------  --------                      --------
Balances, May 31, 1999........      215       921   $3.25   --  $17.00    4,960

  Additional shares reserved..      300        --                           --
  Options granted.............     (369)      369   $3.88   --   $6.75    1,780
  Options terminated..........      171      (171)  $3.25   --  $17.00   (1,107)
  Options exercised...........       --      (140)  $3.25   --   $8.88     (513)
  1986 Plan expiration........      (32)       --                            --
                               ---------  --------                      --------
Balances, May 31, 2000........      285       979   $3.25   --  $17.00    5,120

  Additional shares reserved..      300        --                           --
  Options granted.............     (652)      652   $4.00   --   $6.75    3,618
  Options terminated..........      275      (275)  $3.75   --  $17.00   (1,616)
  Options exercised...........       --      (252)  $3.875  --   $6.187  (1,040)
  1986 Plan expiration........      (96)       --                            --
                               ---------  --------                      --------
Balances, May 31, 2001........      112     1,104   $3.25   --  $17.00   $6,082
                               =========  ========                      ========
</TABLE>

    The following information concerning the Company's stock option and
employee stock purchase plans is provided in accordance with SFAS No. 123,
"Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation." The Company accounts for such
plans in accordance with APB No. 25 and related Interpretations.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                         Year Ended May 31,
                                              ----------------------------------
                                                 2001        2000        1999
                                              ----------  ----------  ----------
                                             (in thousands, except per share data)
<S>                                           <C>         <C>         <C>
Net loss -- as reported......................    $  (141)    $(2,605)    $(2,330)
Net loss -- pro forma........................    $(1,363)    $(3,133)    $(2,783)
Net loss per share -- as reported:
  Basic......................................    $ (0.02)    $ (0.38)    $ (0.34)
  Diluted....................................    $ (0.02)    $ (0.38)    $ (0.34)
Net loss per share -- pro forma:
  Basic......................................    $ (0.19)    $ (0.46)    $ (0.41)
  Diluted....................................    $ (0.19)    $ (0.46)    $ (0.41)

</TABLE>

    The above pro forma effects on loss may not be representative of the
effects on net income (loss) for future years as option grants typically vest
over several years and additional options are generally granted each year.

    The fair value of each option grant has been estimated on the date of
grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following
weighted average assumptions used for grants:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                Year Ended May 31,
                                       ----------------------------------
                                          2001        2000        1999
                                       ----------  ----------  ----------
<S>                                    <C>         <C>         <C>
Risk-free Interest Rates.............    4.56%       6.25%       4.40%
Expected Life........................  5 years     5 years     5 years
Volatility...........................    1.015       0.70        0.70
Dividend Yield.......................     --          --          --

</TABLE>

                                      40

<PAGE>
    The pro forma weighted average expected life was calculated based on the
exercise behavior.  The pro forma weighted average fair value of those
options granted in 2001, 2000 and 1999 was $4.30, $5.23 and $5.73,
respectively.

    The following table summarizes information with respect to stock options
at May 31, 2001:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                            Options Outstanding              Options Exercisable
                     -----------------------------------  -----------------------
                                   Weighted
                        Number      Average    Weighted      Number     Weighted
                     Outstanding   Remaining   Average    Exercisable   Average
      Range of            at      Contractual  Exercise        at       Exercise
  Exercise Prices    May 31, 2001 Life (Years)  Price     May 31, 2001   Price
-------------------- ------------ ----------- ----------  ------------ ----------
<S>                  <C>          <C>         <C>         <C>          <C>
       $3.8750           125,001        3.08    $3.8750        66,917    $3.8750
       $4.0000            57,000        6.98    $4.0000             0    $4.0000
       $4.2500            37,500        5.23    $4.2500        13,530    $4.2500
       $4.2625            25,000        3.08    $4.2625        11,979    $4.2625
       $4.4000            20,000        6.98    $4.4000             0    $4.4000
       $4.6000            82,000        6.90    $4.6000         1,706    $4.6000
       $5.0000             5,500        3.64    $5.0000         1,832    $5.0000
       $5.0625            24,917        3.39    $5.0625        18,869    $5.0625
       $5.2500            81,552        6.57    $5.2500         8,655    $5.2500
       $5.3750           100,000        2.81    $5.3750        54,166    $5.3750
       $6.0000           182,959        4.15    $6.0000        48,268    $6.0000
       $6.1250            51,345        2.03    $6.1250        37,253    $6.1250
       $6.1875             5,500        1.90    $6.1875         4,238    $6.1875
       $6.2500           135,625        5.75    $6.2500        26,538    $6.2500
       $6.6000            30,000        4.00    $6.6000         6,875    $6.6000
       $6.6250            10,750        2.66    $6.6250         6,997    $6.6250
       $6.6880             6,609        1.60    $6.6880         5,545    $6.6880
       $6.7375            20,000        2.03    $6.7375        14,583    $6.7375
       $6.7500            71,750        3.87    $6.7500        19,060    $6.7500
       $7.5000            20,000        1.05    $7.5000        19,580    $7.5000
       $8.2500             5,000        1.05    $8.2500         4,895    $8.2500
      $17.0000             6,000        1.38   $17.0000         5,371   $17.0000
                     ------------                         ------------
  $3.8750 - 17.0000     1,104,008       4.39    $5.5094       376,857    $5.7346
                     ============                         ============
</TABLE>

9.  EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS:

EMPLOYEE STOCK BONUS PLAN:

    The Company has a noncontributory, trusteed employee stock bonus plan for
full-time employees who have completed three consecutive months of service
and for part-time employees who have completed one year of service and have
attained an age of 21.  The Company can contribute either shares of the
Company's stock or cash to the plan. The contribution is determined annually
by the Company and cannot exceed 15% of the annual aggregate salaries of
those employees eligible for participation in the plan. Individuals' account
balances vest at a rate of 25% per year commencing upon completion of three
years of service. Non-vested balances, which are forfeited, are allocated to
the remaining employees in the plan.  Contributions made to the plan during
fiscal 2001, 2000 and 1999 were $225,000, $60,000 and $60,000, respectively.

401(K) PLAN:

    The Company maintains a 401(k) profit-sharing plan for its full-time
employees who have completed three consecutive months of service and for
part-time employees who have completed one year of service and have attained
an age of 21. Each participant in the plan may elect to contribute from 1% to
20% of their annual salary to the plan, subject to certain limitations.  The
Company, at its discretion, may make an annual contribution to the plan. The
Company did not make any contributions to the plan during fiscal 2001, 2000
and 1999.

                                      41

<PAGE>
EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN:

    The Company's Board of Directors adopted the 1997 Employee Stock Purchase
Plan in June 1997.  A total of 300,000 shares of Common Stock have been
reserved for issuance under the plan.  The plan has consecutive, overlapping,
twenty-four month offering periods.  The offering periods generally begin on
the first trading day on or after April 1 and October 1 each year, except
that the first such offering period commenced with the effectiveness of the
Company's initial public offering and ended on the last trading day on or
before March 31, 1999.  Shares are purchased through employee payroll
deductions at exercise prices equal to 85% of the lesser of the fair market
value of the Company's Common Stock at either the first day of an offering
period or the last day of such offering period.  If a participant's rights to
purchase stock under all employee stock purchase plans of the Company accrue
at a rate which exceeds $25,000 worth of stock for a calendar year, such
participant may not be granted an option to purchase stock under the 1997
Employee Stock Purchase Plan.  To date, 156,122 shares have been issued under
the plan.


10.  STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS PLAN:

    The Company's Board of Directors adopted a Stockholder Rights Plan on
March 5, 2001, under which a dividend of one right to purchase one one-
thousandth of a share of the Company's Series A Participating Preferred Stock
was distributed for each outstanding share of the Company's Common Stock.
The plan entitles each Right holders to purchase 1/1000th of a shares of the
Company's Series A Participating Preferred Stock at an exercise price of
$35.00, subject to adjustment, in certain events, such as a tender offer to
acquire 20% or more of the Company's outstanding common stock.  Under some
circumstances, such as a person or group acquires 20% or more of the
Company's common stock prior to redemption of the Rights, the plan entitles
such holders (other than an acquiring party) to purchase the Company's common
stock having a market value at that time of twice the Right's exercise price.
The Rights expire on April 3, 2010.


11.  INCOME TAXES:

    Domestic and foreign components of pretax income (loss) are as follows
(in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                            Year Ended May 31,
                                   --------------------------------------
                                        2001         2000         1999
                                   ------------ ------------ ------------
<S>                                <C>          <C>          <C>
Domestic..........................      $3,145      $(3,282)     $(1,865)
Foreign...........................        (611)        (439)      (1,142)
                                   ------------ ------------ ------------
                                        $2,534      $(3,721)     $(3,007)
                                   ============ ============ ============
</TABLE>

    The provision (benefit) for income taxes consists of the following (in
thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                            Year Ended May 31,
                                   --------------------------------------
                                       2001          2000         1999
                                   ------------ ------------ ------------
<S>                                <C>          <C>          <C>
Federal income taxes:
  Current.........................      $  983      $(1,190)       $(294)
  Deferred........................          --           --         (263)
State income taxes:
  Current.........................          49           18           33
  Deferred........................          --           --         (193)
Foreign income taxes:
  Current.........................          14           56           40
                                   ------------ ------------ ------------
                                        $1,046      $(1,116)       $(677)
                                   ============ ============ ============
</TABLE>

                                      42

<PAGE>
    The components of the net deferred tax asset (liability) are as follows
(in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                           May 31,
                                                -------------------------
                                                    2001          2000
                                                ------------ ------------
<S>                                             <C>          <C>
  Net operating losses.....................          $1,892       $2,202
  Credit carryforwards.....................             421          269
  Inventory reserves.......................           1,496        1,474
  Reserves and accruals....................             423          271
  Other....................................             764          609
                                                ------------ ------------
                                                      4,996        4,825

Less valuation allowance...................          (3,383)      (3,212)
                                                ------------ ------------
Net deferred tax asset.....................          $1,613       $1,613
                                                ============ ============
</TABLE>

    The Company's effective tax rate differs from the U.S. federal statutory
tax rate, as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                            Year Ended May 31,
                                   --------------------------------------
                                       2001          2000         1999
                                   ------------ ------------ ------------
<S>                                <C>          <C>          <C>
U.S. Federal statutory tax rate...       34.0%       (34.0)%      (34.0)%
State taxes, net of federal tax
  effect..........................        1.3         (4.3)        (4.6)
Other.............................       (2.2)         2.7          3.1
Foreign earnings not currently
  benefited.......................        8.2          4.1         13.0
Change in valuation allowance.....         --          1.5           --
                                   ------------ ------------ ------------
Effective tax rate................       41.3%       (30.0)%      (22.5)%
                                   ============ ============ ============
</TABLE>

    At May 31, 2001, the Company has state tax credit carryforwards of
approximately $638,000.  These carryforwards may be subject to certain
limitations on annual utilization in case of a change in ownership, as
defined by tax law.

    Foreign net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $4.4 million
are available to reduce future foreign taxable income and expire through 2006
if not utilized. A valuation allowance has been provided for the deferred tax
assets of the Japanese subsidiary as management does not believe that it is
more likely than not that the tax assets will be realized, due to the
subsidiary's history of losses.


12.  OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE), NET:

    Other income (expense), net comprises the following (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                            Year Ended May 31,
                                   --------------------------------------
                                       2001         2000         1999
                                   ------------ ------------ ------------
<S>                               <C>           <C>          <C>
Foreign exchange gain (loss)......       $(238)        $371         $339
Other, net........................         336          127          102
                                   ------------ ------------ ------------
                                         $  98         $498         $441
                                   ============ ============ ============
</TABLE>

                                      43

<PAGE>
13.  SEGMENT INFORMATION:

    The Company operates in one industry segment.  The Company is engaged in
the design, manufacture, marketing and servicing of test and burn-in
equipment used in the semiconductor manufacturing industry.

    The Company develops, manufactures and sells systems to semiconductor
manufacturers and operates in one operating segment.  The following presents
information about the Company's operations in different geographic areas (in
thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                    United                        Adjust-
                                    States     Asia     Europe     ments     Total
                                   --------- --------- --------- --------- ---------
<S>                                <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>
1999:
  Net sales......................   $15,233    $2,185    $3,059   $(2,331)  $18,146
  Portion of U.S. net sales
    from export sales............     9,531       --        --        --      9,531
  Income (loss) from operations..    (3,213)   (1,484)       90       (25)   (4,632)
  Identifiable assets............    45,582     1,995     1,732    (8,122)   41,187
  Long-lived assets..............     1,340       499        97       --      1,936

2000:
  Net sales......................   $21,622    $3,248    $2,332   $(2,697)  $24,505
  Portion of U.S. net sales
    from export sales............    15,090       --        --        --     15,090
  Income (loss) from operations..    (4,501)     (840)       53        95    (5,193)
  Identifiable assets............    46,579     3,267       912   (10,029)   40,729
  Long-lived assets..............     2,074       474        65       --      2,613

2001:
  Net sales......................   $28,176    $4,048    $1,730   $(2,915)  $31,039
  Portion of U.S. net sales
    from export sales............    15,934       --        --        --     15,934
  Income (loss) from operations..     1,864      (410)      (33)       51     1,472
  Identifiable assets............    46,397     2,206       863    (9,874)   39,592
  Long-lived assets..............     1,740       328        35       --      2,103

</TABLE>

    The Company's foreign operations are primarily those of its Japanese,
German and Taiwanese subsidiaries.  Substantially all of the sales of the
subsidiaries are made to unaffiliated Japanese or European customers.  Net
sales and income (loss) from operations from outside the United States
include the operating results of Aehr Test Systems Japan K.K. and Aehr Test
Systems GmbH.  Adjustments consist of intercompany eliminations. Identifiable
assets are all assets identified with operations in each geographic area.

                                      44



<PAGE>
SELECTED QUARTERLY DATA (UNAUDITED)

        As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the
Company adopted a change in accounting principle related to SAB 101, Revenue
Recognition in Financial Statements, in the quarter ended May 31, 2001,
retroactive to the beginning of fiscal year 2001.  The retroactive
application of this change resulted in a cumulative effect of $1,629,000 in
the first quarter of 2001 as well as a change to the presentation of
historical 2001 quarterly results of operations.

        The following table (presented in thousands, except per share data)
sets forth selected unaudited consolidated statements of operations data for
each of the four quarters of the fiscal years ended May 31, 2001 and May 31,
2000.  The unaudited quarterly information has been prepared on the same
basis as the annual information presented elsewhere herein and, in the
Company's opinion, includes all adjustments (consisting only of normal
recurring entries) necessary for a fair presentation of the information for
the quarters presented.  The operating results for any quarter are not
necessarily indicative of results for any future period and should be read in
conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements of the
Company's and the notes thereto included elsewhere herein.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                       Three Months Ended
                                         ------------------------------------------
                                         Aug. 31,   Nov. 30,   Feb. 29,    May 31,
                                           1999       1999       2000       2000
                                         ---------  ---------  ---------  ---------
<S>                                      <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>
Net sales...............................   $4,356     $6,294     $6,644     $7,211
Gross profit............................   $1,149     $1,337     $2,276     $2,476
Net loss................................   $ (768)    $ (736)    $ (678)    $ (423)
Net loss per share (basic)..............   $(0.11)    $(0.11)    $(0.10)    $(0.06)
Net loss per share (diluted)............   $(0.11)    $(0.11)    $(0.10)    $(0.06)

</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                       Three Months Ended
                                         ------------------------------------------
                                         Aug. 31,   Nov. 30,   Feb. 28,    May 31,
                                           2000       2000       2001       2001
                                        (Restated) (Restated) (Restated)
                                         ---------  ---------  ---------  ---------
<S>                                      <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>
Net sales...............................  $ 8,706    $ 8,958    $ 9,008    $ 4,367
Gross profit............................  $ 3,386    $ 3,386    $ 4,070    $ 2,274
Income before cumulative effect
  of change in accounting principle.....  $   164    $   280    $ 1,025    $    19
Cumulative effect of change in
  accounting principle..................  $(1,629)   $    --    $    --    $    --
Net income (loss).......................  $(1,465)   $   280    $ 1,025    $    19
Net income (loss) per share (basic).....  $ (0.21)   $  0.04    $  0.14    $  0.00
Net income (loss) per share (diluted)...  $ (0.21)   $  0.04    $  0.14    $  0.00

</TABLE>

        The figures for August 31, 2000, November 30, 2000 and February 28,
2001 are restated for the impact of the adoption of SAB 101.

Item 9.   Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and
Financial Disclosure

    None.

                                   PART III

Item 10.   Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant

    The information required by this item relating to directors is
incorporated by reference to the information under the caption "Proposal 1 --
Election of Directors" in the Proxy Statement.  The information required by
this item relating to executive officers is incorporated by reference to the
information under the caption "Management -- Executive Officers and
Directors" at the end of Part I of this report on Form 10-K.


Item 11.   Executive Compensation

    The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the
section entitled "Compensation of Executive Officers" of the Proxy Statement.

                                      45

<PAGE>
Item 12.   Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management

    The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the
section entitled "Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners, Directors
and Management" of the Proxy Statement.


Item 13.   Certain Relationships and Related Transactions

    The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the
section entitled "Certain Relationships and Related Transactions" of the
Proxy Statement.


                                   PART IV

Item 14.   Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules, and Reports on Form 8-K

(a)   The following documents are filed as part of this Report:

1. Financial Statements

   Report of Independent Accountants

   Consolidated Balance Sheets at May 31, 2001 and 2000

   Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended May 31, 2001,
    2000 and 1999

   Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity and Comprehensive Income
    for the years ended May 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999

   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended May 31, 2001,
    2000 and 1999

   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


2. Financial Statement Schedule

   The following consolidated financial statement schedule is filed as part
   of this report and should be read in conjunction with the consolidated
   financial statements:

      II    Valuation and Qualifying Accounts

   All other schedules have been omitted since the required information is
   not present or not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of
   the schedule or because the information required is included in the
   consolidated financial statements or notes thereto.

                                      46



<PAGE>
                                                                SCHEDULE II

                      AEHR TEST SYSTEMS AND SUBSIDIARIES
                       VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS
                                (IN THOUSANDS)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                       Additions
                           Balance at  Charged to               Balance
                           beginning   costs and                 at end
                            of year     expenses   Deductions   of year
                           ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------
<S>                        <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>
Allowance for doubtful
   accounts receivable:

     May 31, 2001               $150         $--         $15        $135
                           ==========  ==========  ==========  ==========

     May 31, 2000               $125         $33          $8        $150
                           ==========  ==========  ==========  ==========

     May 31, 1999               $260         $22        $157        $125
                           ==========  ==========  ==========  ==========

</TABLE>


(b) Reports on Form 8-K.

     The Company filed a Form 8-K on March 5, 2001 reporting that on March 5,
2001, the Company issued a press release announcing that the Board of
Directors of the Company had approved the adoption of a Preferred Shares
Rights Agreement.  The Company filed a Form 8-K on March 28, 2001 reporting
certain immaterial changes in the Preferred Shares Rights Agreement dated
March 5, 2001.


                                      47







<PAGE>
3.  Exhibits

The following exhibits are filed as part of or incorporated by reference into
this Report:

Exhibit
  No.                                Description
-------    ------------------------------------------------------------------

  3.1+     Restated Articles of Incorporation of Registrant.
  3.2+     Bylaws of Registrant.
  4.1++    Form of Common Stock certificate.
 10.1+     Amended 1986 Incentive Stock Plan and form of agreement
           thereunder.
 10.2++    1996 Stock Option Plan (as amended and restated) and forms of
           Incentive Stock Option Agreement and Nonstatutory Stock Option
           Agreement thereunder.
 10.3++    1997 Employee Stock Purchase Plan and form of subscription
           agreement thereunder.
 10.4++    Form of Indemnification Agreement entered into between Registrant
           and its directors and executive officers.
 10.5+     Capital Stock Purchase Agreement dated September 11, 1979 between
           Registrant and certain holders of Common Stock.
 10.6+     Capital Stock Investment Agreement dated April 12, 1984 between
           Registrant and certain holders of Common Stock.
 10.7+     Amendment dated September 17, 1985 to Capital Stock Purchase
           Agreement dated April 12, 1984 between Registrant and certain
           holders of Common Stock.
 10.8+     Amendment dated February 26, 1990 to Capital Stock Purchase
           Agreement dated April 12, 1984 between Registrant and certain
           holders of Common Stock.
 10.9+     Stock Purchase Agreement dated September 18, 1985 between
           Registrant and certain holders of Common Stock.
 10.10+    Common Stock Purchase Agreement dated February 26, 1990 between
           Registrant and certain holders of Common Stock.
 10.11+    Lease dated May 14, 1991 for facilities located at 1667 Plymouth
           Street, Mountain View, California.
 10.12+++  Lease dated August 3, 1999 for facilities located at Building C,
           400 Kato Terrace, Fremont, California.
 10.13++++ Preferred Shares Rights Agreement dated March 5, 2001.
 10.14     Form of Change of Control Agreement.
 11.1++    Computations of Net Income (Loss) Per Share.
 21.1+     Subsidiaries of the Company.
 23.1      Consent of Independent Accountants.
 24.1      Power of Attorney (see page 49).


------------------------

+  Incorporated by reference to the same-numbered exhibit previously filed
with the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed June 11, 1997
(File No. 333-28987).

++  Incorporated by reference to the same-numbered exhibit previously filed
with Amendment No.1 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed
July 17, 1997 (File No. 333-28987).

+++  Incorporated by reference to the same-numbered exhibit previously filed
with the Company's Form 10-K for the year ended May 31, 1999 filed August 27,
1999 (File No. 333-28987).

++++  Incorporated by reference to the Exhibit No. 4.1 previously filed with
the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 27, 2001 (File No. 000-
22893).

                                      48


<PAGE>
                                  SIGNATURES

     Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report on Form 10-K
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

Dated:  August 28, 2001
                                AEHR TEST SYSTEMS

                                By:             /s/ RHEA J. POSEDEL
                                     ----------------------------------------
                                                  Rhea J. Posedel
                                            CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND
                                         CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS


                              POWER OF ATTORNEY

     KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature
appears below constitutes and appoints Rhea J. Posedel and Gary L. Larson,
jointly and severally, his attorneys-in-fact, each with the power of
substitution, for him in any and all capacities, to sign any and all
amendments to this Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with exhibits
thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and
Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of said
attorneys-in-fact, or his substitute or substitutes, may do or cause to be
done by virtue hereof.

     Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1934, this Report
on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

        Signature                          Title                     Date
--------------------------  -----------------------------------  ---------------
                             Chief Executive Officer             August 28, 2001
                              and Chairman of the
/s/ RHEA J. POSEDEL           Board of Directors
--------------------------    (Principal Executive Officer)
    Rhea J. Posedel
                             Vice President of Finance           August 28, 2001
                              and Chief Financial Officer
/s/ GARY L. LARSON            (Principal Financial and
--------------------------     Accounting Officer)
    Gary L. Larson


/s/ ROBERT R. ANDERSON       Director                            August 28, 2001
--------------------------
    Robert R. Anderson


/s/ WILLIAM W. R. ELDER      Director                            August 28, 2001
--------------------------
    William W. R. Elder


/s/ MUKESH PATEL             Director                            August 28, 2001
--------------------------
    Mukesh Patel


/s/ MARIO M. ROSATI          Director                            August 28, 2001
--------------------------
    Mario M. Rosati

                                      49


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
