<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K405
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d10k405.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 10-K405
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549
                                   FORM 10-K

|X|     ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
                              EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
                   For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000

|_|     TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
                     EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 (NO FEE REQUIRED)

             For the transition period from _________ to _________

                         Commission file number 1-13087

                            BOSTON PROPERTIES, INC.
             (Exact name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

Delaware                                                              04-2473675
(State or Other Jurisdiction                           (IRS Employer Id. Number)
of Incorporation or Organization)

800 Boylston Street
Boston, Massachusetts                                                      02199
(Address of Principal Executive Offices)                              (Zip Code)

       Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (617) 236-3300

          Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

     Title of Each Class                    Name of Exchange on Which Registered
     -------------------                    ------------------------------------
Common Stock, Par Value $.01                New York Stock Exchange
Preferred Stock Purchase Rights

        Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes |X| No |_|

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of Registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. |X|

As of March 14, 2001, the aggregate market value of the 85,291,023 shares of
common stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was $3,389,465,254 based
upon the closing price of $39.74 on the New York Stock Exchange composite tape
on such date. (For this computation, the Registrant has excluded the market
value of all shares of common stock reported as beneficially owned by executive
officers and directors of the Registrant; such exclusion shall not be deemed to
constitute an admission that any such person is an affiliate of the Registrant.)
As of March 14, 2001, there were 89,701,122 shares of Common Stock outstanding.

Certain information contained in the Registrant's Proxy Statement relating to
its Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held May 2, 2001 are incorporated by
reference in Part III, Items 10, 11, 12 and 13.
<PAGE>

                               TABLE OF CONTENTS

ITEM NO.                           DESCRIPTION                          PAGE NO.

PART I

1.    BUSINESS .........................................................       1

2.    PROPERTIES .......................................................      26

3.    LEGAL PROCEEDINGS ................................................      28

4.    SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE
       OF SECURITY HOLDERS .............................................      29

PART II

5.    MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED
       STOCKHOLDER MATTERS .............................................      29

6.    SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA ..........................................      30

7.    MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
       CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS .............................      32

7a.   QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET
       RISK ............................................................      46

8.    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
       SUPPLEMENTARY DATA ..............................................      46

9.    CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON
       ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE .............................      46

PART III

10.   DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
       OF THE REGISTRANT ...............................................      47

11.   EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION ...........................................      47

12.   SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
       OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT ...........................................      47

13.   CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS ...................      47

PART IV

14.   EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES, AND
       REPORTS ON FORM 8-K .............................................      48

      SIGNATURES .......................................................      53
<PAGE>

                                     PART I

Item 1. Business

General

      As used herein, the terms "we," "us," "our" or the "Company" refer to
Boston Properties, Inc., a Delaware corporation organized in 1997, individually
or together with its subsidiaries, including Boston Properties Limited
Partnership, a Delaware limited partnership, and our predecessors. We are a
fully integrated self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust
or "REIT" and one of the largest owners and developers of office properties in
the United States. Our properties are concentrated in four core markets -
Boston, Washington, D.C., midtown Manhattan and San Francisco. We conduct
substantially all our business through Boston Properties Limited Partnership. At
December 31, 2000 we owned 145 properties, totaling 37.9 million net rentable
square feet. Our properties consisted of 134 office properties, comprised of 103
Class A office buildings and 31 properties that support both office and
technical uses, including 15 properties under construction, eight industrial
properties and three hotels. We consider Class A office buildings to be
centrally located buildings that are professionally managed and maintained,
attract high-quality tenants and command upper-tier rental rates, and that are
modern structures or have been modernized to compete with newer buildings.

      We have a $605 million unsecured revolving line of credit with Fleet
National Bank, as agent, which expires in March 2003. As of March 14, 2001, zero
was outstanding under our unsecured revolving line of credit. You should refer
to "Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations - Liquidity and Capital Resources" for additional
information regarding our unsecured revolving line of credit and our other
indebtedness.

      We are a full service real estate company, with substantial in-house
expertise and resources in acquisitions, development, financing, construction
management, property management, marketing, leasing, accounting, tax and legal
services. As of December 31, 2000, we had over 600 employees. Our 25 senior
officers, together with Mr. Mortimer Zuckerman, Chairman of our board of
directors, have an average of 24 years experience in the real estate industry
and an average of 14 years tenure with us. Our principal executive office is
located at 800 Boylston Street, Boston, Massachusetts 02199 and its telephone
number is (617) 236-3300. In addition, we have regional offices at 401 9th
Street, NW, Washington, D.C. 20004; 599 Lexington Avenue, New York, New York
10022; Four Embarcadero Center, San Francisco, California 94111; and 502
Carnegie Center, Princeton, New Jersey 08540.

Boston Properties Limited Partnership

      Boston Properties Limited Partnership, a Delaware limited partnership, is
the entity through which we conduct substantially all of our business and own
(either directly or through subsidiaries) substantially all of our assets. We
are the sole general partner and, as of March 14,


                                        1
<PAGE>

2001, the owner of approximately 74.3% of the economic interests in Boston
Properties Limited Partnership. This structure is commonly referred to as an
umbrella partnership REIT or "UPREIT". Our general and limited partnership
interests in Boston Properties Limited Partnership entitle us to share in cash
distributions from, and in the profits and losses of, Boston Properties Limited
Partnership in proportion to our percentage interest therein and entitle us to
vote on all matters requiring a vote of the limited partners. The other partners
of Boston Properties Limited Partnership are persons who contributed their
direct or indirect interests in certain properties to Boston Properties Limited
Partnership in exchange for common units of limited partnership interest in
Boston Properties Limited Partnership or preferred units of limited partnership
interest in Boston Properties Limited Partnership. Pursuant to the limited
partnership agreement of Boston Properties Limited Partnership, as amended,
unitholders may tender their common units of Boston Properties Limited
Partnership for cash equal to the value of an equivalent number of shares of our
common stock. In lieu of delivering cash, however, we may, at our option, choose
to acquire any units so tendered by issuing common stock in exchange for the
units. Our common stock will be exchanged for units on a one-for-one basis. This
one-for- one exchange ratio may be adjusted to prevent dilution. We currently
anticipate that we will elect to issue our common stock in connection with each
such presentation for redemption rather than having Boston Properties Limited
Partnership pay cash. With each such exchange or redemption, our percentage
ownership in Boston Properties Limited Partnership will increase. In addition,
whenever we issue shares of our common stock other than to acquire common units
of Boston Properties Limited Partnership, we must contribute any net proceeds we
receive to Boston Properties Limited Partnership and Boston Properties Limited
Partnership must issue to us an equivalent number of common units of Boston
Properties Limited Partnership.

      Preferred units of Boston Properties Limited Partnership have the rights,
preferences and other privileges (including the right to convert into common
units of Boston Properties Limited Partnership) as are set forth in amendments
to the limited partnership agreement of Boston Properties Limited Partnership.
Boston Properties Limited Partnership currently has four series of its preferred
units (excluding preferred units held by Boston Properties, Inc.). The Series
One preferred units have an aggregate liquidation preference of approximately
$85 million and bear a preferred distribution at a rate of 7.25% per annum,
payable quarterly. Series One units are convertible into common units at the
rate of $38.25 per common unit at the holder's election at any time. We also
have the right to convert into common units of Boston Properties Limited
Partnership all or part of the Series One units on or after June 3, 2003, if our
common stock at the time of our election is trading at a price of at least
$42.08 per share.

      The Series Two and Series Three preferred units, which together have an
aggregate liquidation preference of approximately $311 million, have, between
each other, similar economic terms. On and after December 31, 2002, the Series
Two and Series Three units will be convertible, at the holder's election, into
common units at a conversion price of $38.10 per common unit. Distributions on
the Series Two and Series Three units are payable quarterly and generally accrue
at rates of: 5.0% per annum through March 31, 1999; 5.5% through December 31,
1999; 5.625% through December 2000; 6.0% through December 31, 2001; 6.5% through
December 31, 2002; 7.0% until May 12, 2009; and 6.0% thereafter. The terms of
the Series Two and Series Three units provide that they may be redeemed for cash
in six annual tranches,


                                        2
<PAGE>

beginning on May 12, 2009, at the election of us or the holders. We also have
the right to convert into common units of Boston Properties Limited Partnership
any Series Two and Series Three units that are not redeemed when they are
entitled to redemption.

      The Series Z preferred units have an aggregate liquidation preference of
the greater of the value of our common stock or $37.25 per unit. The Series Z
preferred units are not entitled to receive any distributions until after August
11, 2001. From August 11, 2001 until February 11, 2002, each Series Z preferred
unit entitles its holder to receive one-half of any distributions paid on a
common unit. After February 11, 2002, to the extent that any Series Z preferred
units are still outstanding, each Series Z preferred unit entitles its holder to
receive an amount equal to 100% of any distributions paid on a common unit. The
Series Z preferred units will automatically convert into common units on
February 11, 2002 or, if later, the date on which we register with the
Securities and Exchange Commission the shares of our common stock issuable in
exchange for the common units into which the Series Z units are convertible.

Real Estate Acquisitions during 2000

      On January 12, 2000, we acquired our joint venture partner's 75% interest
in One and Two Reston Overlook, an unconsolidated joint venture, for cash of
approximately $15.2 million and the assumption of approximately $69.0 million in
debt.

      On March 1, 2000, we acquired three Class A office buildings totaling
approximately 408,163 square feet at Carnegie Center in Princeton, New Jersey,
under the terms of the original Carnegie Center Portfolio acquisition. The
properties were acquired from a related party for approximately $66.5 million,
which was funded through the assumption of debt of approximately $49.0 million
at a rate of 7.39% and the issuance of 577,817 common units of partnership
interest in Boston Properties Limited Partnership valued at approximately $17.5
million. The acquisition was approved by a vote of our independent directors.

      On August 22, 2000, we acquired the remaining 50% interest in the
development rights at the Prudential Center in Boston, Massachusetts for
approximately $18.2 million, which was funded through the issuance of 439,059
shares of our common stock.

      On December 1, 2000, we acquired the leasehold interest and ground rent
credits at the site of the future Times Square Tower in midtown Manhattan, for
approximately $165.1 million in cash. This development will consist of a 47-
floor, 1.2 million square foot office tower.

Developments Placed in Service during 2000

      In the second quarter of 2000, the Orbital Sciences project was
placed-in-service. This project consists of two Class A office buildings
totaling approximately 174,832 square feet and is located in Dulles, VA. We
developed this project, in which we have a 100% interest, at a total cost to us
of approximately $30.5 million.

      In the fourth quarter of 2000, the 140 Kendrick Street project was
placed-in-service. This


                                        3
<PAGE>

project consists of three Class A office buildings totaling approximately
381,000 square feet and is located in Needham, Massachusetts. We developed the
project, in which we have a 25% interest, at a total cost to us of approximately
$18.8 million.

      In the fourth quarter of 2000, the Market Square North project was
placed-in-service. This project consists of a Class A office building totaling
approximately 401,255 square feet and is located in Washington, D.C. We
developed the project, in which we have a 50% interest, at a total cost to us of
approximately $59.2 million.

New Joint Venture with Financial Partner during 2000

      On May 12, 2000, we entered into a joint venture with the New York State
Common Retirement Fund. The initial term of the joint venture agreement runs for
three years or until the New York State Common Retirement Fund's equity
commitment of $270 million is met, although it has the right to increase its
financial commitment prior to the end of the third year. During the term of the
joint venture agreement, New York State Common Retirement Fund has the right to
participate in our acquisition opportunities and development projects that we
pursue with an institutional partner. We will manage the development and
operation of all joint venture properties.

      On May 12, 2000, pursuant to the joint venture agreement, the New York
State Common Retirement Fund acquired partial interests in two properties that
we previously owned in their entirety. We retained a 51% interest in the first
property, Metropolitan Square, a 582,194-square foot office property in
Washington, D.C. and a 25% interest in the second property, 140 Kendrick Street,
a 381,000-square foot build-to-suit development property in Needham,
Massachusetts. The interests in the properties were acquired for cash of
approximately $46.7 million and the assumption of debt of approximately $88.2
million and resulted in a gain to us of $0.4 million.

      On September 13, 2000, we acquired a 35% interest in 265 Franklin Street,
a 325,699 square foot office property in Boston, Massachusetts through our joint
venture with the New York State Common Retirement Fund, which acquired 65% of
this property. Our interest in this property was acquired with cash and new debt
financing totaling approximately $34.3 million.

      On December 8, 2000, we agreed with the New York State Common Retirement
Fund to develop 901 New York Avenue, a Class A office building in Washington,
D.C. totaling 550,000 square feet. We have a 25% interest and manage the
development of the property, while the New York State Common Retirement Fund
owns a 75% interest.

Equity Financing Activities during 2000

      On August 22, 2000, we issued 439,059 shares of common stock, valued at
approximately $18.2 million, in connection with the acquisition of the remaining
50% interest in the development rights at the Prudential Center in Boston,
Massachusetts.


                                        4
<PAGE>

      On October 31, 2000, we completed a public offering of 17,110,000 shares
of our common stock at a price per share of $39.0625 (including 2,110,000 shares
issued as a result of the exercise of an overallotment option by the
underwriters) resulting in net proceeds to us of approximately $633.8 million.

                         Business and Growth Strategies

Business Strategy

      Our primary business objective is to maximize return on investment so as
to provide our stockholders with the greatest possible total return. Our
strategy to achieve this objective is:

      o     to concentrate on a few carefully selected markets and to be one of,
            if not the leading, owner and developer in each of those markets. We
            select markets and submarkets where tenants have demonstrated a
            preference for high quality office buildings and other facilities.
      o     to emphasize markets and submarkets within those markets where there
            are barriers to the creation of new supply and where skill,
            financial strength and diligence are required to successfully
            develop and manage high quality office, research and development
            and/or industrial space.
      o     to take on complex, technically challenging projects, leveraging the
            skills of our management team to successfully develop, acquire or
            reposition properties which other organizations may not have the
            capacity or resources to pursue.
      o     to concentrate on high quality, state-of-the-art real estate
            designed to meet the demands of today's knowledge-based tenants and
            to manage those facilities so as to become the landlord of choice
            for both existing and prospective clients.
      o     to opportunistically acquire assets which increase our penetration
            in the markets in which we have chosen to concentrate and which
            exhibit an opportunity to improve returns through repositioning,
            changes in management focus and re-leasing as existing leases
            terminate.


                                        5
<PAGE>

Growth Strategies

      External Growth

      We believe that we are well positioned to realize significant growth
through external asset development and acquisition. We believe that our
development experience and our organizational depth position us to continue to
develop a range of property types, from single-story suburban office properties
to high-rise urban developments, within budget and on schedule. Other factors
that contribute to our competitive position include:

      o     the significant increase in demand for new, high quality office
            space in our core markets;
      o     our control of sites (including sites under contract or option to
            acquire) in our core markets that will support approximately 10.6
            million square feet of new office development;
      o     our reputation gained through the stability and strength of our
            existing portfolio of properties;
      o     our relationships with leading national corporations and public
            institutions seeking new facilities and development services;
      o     our relationships with nationally recognized financial institutions
            that provide capital to the real estate industry; and
      o     the substantial amount of commercial real estate owned by domestic
            and foreign institutions, private investors, and corporations who
            are seeking to sell these assets in our market areas.

      We have targeted three areas of development and acquisition as significant
opportunities to execute our external growth strategy:

      o     Pursue development in selected submarkets. We believe that
            development of well-positioned office buildings is and will continue
            to be justified in many of our submarkets. We believe in acquiring
            land in response to market conditions that allow for its development
            in the relative near term. While we purposely concentrate in markets
            with high barriers to entry, we have demonstrated over our 30 year
            history an ability to make carefully timed land acquisitions in
            submarkets where we can become one of the market leaders in
            establishing rent and other business terms. We believe that there
            are opportunities in our existing and other markets for a well
            capitalized developer to acquire land with development potential at
            key locations.

                  In the past, we have been particularly successful at acquiring
            sites or options to purchase sites that need governmental approvals.
            Because of our development expertise, knowledge of the governmental
            approval process and reputation for quality development with local
            government approval regulatory bodies, we generally have been able
            to secure the permits necessary to allow development, and profit
            from the


                                        6
<PAGE>

            resulting increase in land value. We seek out complex projects where
            we can add value through the efforts of our experienced and skilled
            management team leading to significantly enhanced returns on
            investment.

      o     Acquire assets and portfolios of assets from institutions or
            individuals. We believe that due to our size, management strength
            and reputation, we are in an advantageous position to acquire
            portfolios of assets or individual properties from institutions or
            individuals. We may acquire properties for cash, but we believe that
            we are particularly well positioned to appeal to sellers wishing to
            convert on a tax-deferred basis their ownership of property to the
            ownership of equity in a diversified real estate operating company
            that offers liquidity through access to the public equity markets.
            In addition, we may pursue mergers with and acquisitions of
            compatible real estate firms. Our ability to offer units in Boston
            Properties Limited Partnership to sellers who would otherwise
            recognize a gain upon a sale of assets for cash or our common stock
            may facilitate this type of transaction on a tax-efficient basis.

      o     Acquire existing underperforming assets and portfolios of assets. We
            continue to actively pursue opportunities to acquire existing
            buildings that, while currently generating income, are either
            underperforming the market due to poor management or are currently
            leased at below market rents with anticipated roll-over of space.
            These opportunities may include the acquisition of entire portfolios
            of properties. We believe that because of our in-depth market
            knowledge and development experience in each of our markets, our
            national reputation with brokers, financial institutions and others
            involved in the real estate market and our access to
            competitively-priced capital, we are well-positioned to identify and
            acquire existing, underperforming properties for competitive prices
            and to add significant additional value to such properties through
            our effective marketing strategies and responsive property
            management program.

Internal Growth

      We believe that significant opportunities exist to increase cash flow from
our existing properties because they are of high quality and in desirable
locations in markets that, in general, are experiencing rising rents, low
vacancy rates and increasing demand for office and industrial space. In
addition, our properties are in markets where, in general, supply is limited by
the lack of available sites and the difficulty of receiving the necessary
approvals for development on vacant land. Our strategy for maximizing the
benefits from these opportunities is two-fold: (1) to provide high quality
property management services using our own employees in order to encourage
tenants to renew, expand and relocate in our properties, and (2) to achieve
speed and transaction cost efficiency in replacing departing tenants through the
use of in-house services for marketing, lease negotiation, and design and
construction of tenant improvements. In addition, we believe that our hotel
properties will add to our internal growth because of their desirable locations
in the downtown Boston and East Cambridge submarkets, which are experiencing
high occupancy rates and continued growth in room rates. The effective
management of Marriott International, Inc., has resulted in high occupancy,
guest satisfaction and growth in room rates


                                        7
<PAGE>

while limiting increases in operating costs. We expect to continue our internal
growth as a result of our ability to:

      o     Cultivate existing submarkets. In choosing locations for our
            properties, we have paid particular attention to transportation and
            commuting patterns, physical environment, adjacency to established
            business centers, proximity to sources of business growth and other
            local factors.

                  Many of these submarkets are experiencing increasing rents
            and, as a result, current market rates often exceed the rents being
            paid by our tenants. Based on leases in place at December 31, 2000,
            leases with respect to 7.27% of our office properties and 13.95% of
            our industrial properties will expire in calendar year 2001. We
            believe that leases expiring over the next three years in these
            submarkets will be renewed, or space re-let, at higher rents than
            previously in effect.

      o     Directly manage properties to maximize the potential for tenant
            retention. We provide property management services ourselves, rather
            than contracting for this service, to maintain awareness of and
            responsiveness to tenant needs. We and our properties also benefit
            from cost efficiencies produced by an experienced work force
            attentive to preventive maintenance and energy management and from
            our continuing programs to assure that our property management
            personnel at all levels remain aware of their important role in
            tenant relations. Our philosophy has not been to invest significant
            capital in technology, but to form alliances to provide better
            tenant service and realize potential incremental revenues with
            little additional capital investment.

      o     Replace tenants quickly at best available market terms and lowest
            possible transaction costs. We believe that we have a competitive
            advantage in attracting new tenants and achieving rental rates at
            the higher end of our markets as a result of our well located, well
            designed and well maintained properties, our reputation for high
            quality building services and responsiveness to tenants, and our
            ability to offer expansion and relocation alternatives within our
            submarkets.

                              The Hotel Properties

      To assist in maintaining our status as a REIT, we lease our three hotel
properties to ZL Hotel LLC pursuant to a lease that entitles us to a percentage
of the gross receipts of our hotel properties. Mr. Mortimer B. Zuckerman, the
Chairman of our board of directors, and Edward H. Linde, our President and Chief
Executive Officer, are the sole member-managers of, and have a 9.8% economic
interest in, ZL Hotel LLC; two unaffiliated public charities own the remaining
90.2% economic interest. Marriott International, Inc. manages our hotel
properties under the Marriott(R) name pursuant to a management agreement with ZL
Hotel LLC. Under the REIT requirements, revenues from a hotel are not considered
to be rental income for purposes of certain income tests, which a REIT must
meet. Accordingly, in order to maintain our qualification as a REIT, we have
entered into the participating leases with ZL Hotel LLC described above to
provide revenue that qualifies as rental income under the REIT requirements.


                                        8
<PAGE>

                                   Competition

      We compete in the leasing of office and industrial space with a
considerable number of other real estate companies, some of which may have
greater marketing and financial resources. In addition, our hotel properties
compete for guests with other hotels, some of which may have greater marketing
and financial resources than are available to us and Marriott International,
Inc.

                                   Seasonality

      Our hotel properties traditionally have experienced significant
seasonality in their operating income, with weighted average net operating
income by quarter over the three years 1998 through 2000 as follows:

First Quarter       Second Quarter        Third Quarter          Fourth Quarter
-------------       --------------        -------------          --------------
    14%                  29%                  32%                     25%

      Our other properties have not traditionally experienced significant
seasonality.


                                        9
<PAGE>

                                  RISK FACTORS

Set forth below are the risks that we believe are material to our stockholders.
We refer to the shares of our common and preferred stock and the units of
limited partnership interest in Boston Properties Limited Partnership together
as our "securities," and the investors who own shares and/or units as our
"securityholders." This section includes or refers to certain forward-looking
statements. You should refer to the explanation of the qualifications and
limitations on such forward-looking statements beginning on page 32.

We may be unable to manage effectively our rapid growth and expansion into new
markets.

      We have grown rapidly since our initial public offering in June 1997 and
have entered or significantly expanded our real estate holdings in new markets.
If we do not effectively manage our rapid growth, we may not be able to make
expected distributions to our securityholders and the value of our securities
may decline.

Our performance and value are subject to risks associated with our real estate
assets and with the real estate industry.

      Our economic performance and the value of our real estate assets, and
consequently the value of our securities, are subject to the risk that if our
office, industrial, and hotel properties do not generate revenues sufficient to
meet our operating expenses, including debt service and capital expenditures,
our cash flow and ability to pay distributions to our securityholders will be
adversely affected. The following factors, among others, may adversely affect
the revenues generated by our office, industrial, and hotel properties:

      o     downturns in the national, regional and local economic climate;

      o     competition from other office, industrial, hotel and other
            commercial buildings;

      o     local real estate market conditions, such as oversupply or reduction
            in demand for office, industrial, hotel or other commercial space;

      o     changes in interest rates and availability of financing;

      o     vacancies or inability to rent spaces on favorable terms;

      o     increased operating costs, including insurance premiums, utilities,
            and real estate taxes; and

      o     civil disturbances, earthquakes and other natural disasters or acts
            of God that may result in uninsured or underinsured losses.


                                       10
<PAGE>

      Significant expenditures associated with each investment, such as debt
service payments, real estate taxes, insurance and maintenance costs are
generally not reduced when circumstances cause a reduction in revenues from a
property.

We are dependent upon the economic climates of our four core markets-Boston,
Washington, D.C., midtown Manhattan and San Francisco.

      A majority of our revenues are derived from properties located in our four
core markets- Boston, Washington, D.C., midtown Manhattan and San Francisco. A
downturn in the economies of these core markets, or the impact that a downturn
in the overall national economy may have upon these economies, could result in
reduced demand for office space. Because our portfolio consists primarily of
office buildings (as compared to a more diversified real estate portfolio), a
decrease in demand for office space in turn could adversely affect our result
from operations. Additionally, there are submarkets within our core markets that
are dependent upon a limited number of industries and a significant downturn in
one or more of these industries could also adversely affect our results from
operations.

Our investment in property development may be more costly than anticipated.

      We have a significant development pipeline and intend to continue to
develop and substantially renovate office, industrial and hotel properties. Our
current and future development and construction activities may be exposed to the
following risks:

      o     we may be unable to proceed with the development of properties
            because we cannot obtain financing with favorable terms;

      o     we may incur construction costs for a development project which
            exceed our original estimates due to increased materials, labor or
            other costs, which could make completion of the project uneconomical
            because we may not be able to increase rents to compensate for the
            increase in construction costs;

      o     we may be unable to obtain, or face delays in obtaining, required
            zoning, land-use, building, occupancy, and other governmental
            permits and authorizations, which could result in increased costs
            and could require us to abandon our activities entirely with respect
            to a project;

      o     we may abandon development opportunities after we begin to explore
            them and as a result we may fail to recover expenses already
            incurred;

      o     we may expend funds on and devote management's time to projects
            which we do not complete;

      o     we may be unable to complete construction and leasing of a property
            on schedule, resulting in increased debt service expense and
            construction or renovation costs;


                                       11
<PAGE>

      o     we may lease developed properties at below expected rental rates;
            and

      o     occupancy rates and rents at newly completed properties may
            fluctuate depending on a number of factors, including market and
            economic conditions, and may result in our investment not being
            profitable.

Our use of joint ventures may limit our flexibility with jointly owned
investments.

      We intend to develop and acquire properties in joint ventures with other
persons or entities when circumstances warrant the use of this structure. The
use of a joint venture vehicle creates a risk of a dispute with our joint
venturer's and a risk that we will have to acquire a joint venturer's interest
in a development for a price at which or at a time when we would otherwise not
purchase such interest. Our joint venture partners may have different objectives
from us regarding the appropriate timing and pricing of any sale or refinancing
of properties.

      In 2000, we entered into a joint venture with the New York State Common
Retirement Fund which has agreed to contribute up to $270 million to acquire and
develop properties with us. During the three-year term of this joint venture,
the New York State Common Retirement Fund has the right to participate in all of
our acquisition opportunities that meet agreed criteria and any development
projects that we choose to pursue with an institutional partner.

We face risks associated with property acquisitions.

      Since our initial public offering, we have made large acquisitions of
properties and portfolios of properties. We intend to continue to acquire
properties and portfolios of properties, including large portfolios that could
continue to significantly increase our size and alter our capital structure. Our
acquisition activities and their success may be exposed to the following risks:

      o     we may be unable to acquire a desired property because of
            competition from other well capitalized real estate investors,
            including both publicly traded real estate investment trusts and
            institutional investment funds;

      o     even if we enter into an acquisition agreement for a property, it is
            usually subject to customary conditions to closing, including
            completion of due diligence investigations to our satisfaction;

      o     even if we are able to acquire a desired property, competition from
            other real estate investors may significantly increase the purchase
            price;

      o     we may be unable to finance acquisitions on favorable terms;


                                       12
<PAGE>

      o     acquired properties may fail to perform as we expected in analyzing
            our investments;

      o     our estimates of the costs of repositioning or redeveloping acquired
            properties may be inaccurate;

      o     acquired properties may be located in new markets where we may face
            risks associated with a lack of market knowledge or understanding of
            the local economy, lack of business relationships in the area and
            unfamiliarity with local governmental and permitting procedures; and

      o     we may be unable to quickly and efficiently integrate new
            acquisitions, particularly acquisitions of portfolios of properties,
            into our existing operations, and as a result our results of
            operations and financial condition could be adversely affected.

      We may acquire properties subject to liabilities and without any recourse,
or with only limited recourse, with respect to unknown liabilities. As a result,
if a liability were asserted against us based upon those properties, we might
have to pay substantial sums to settle it, which could adversely affect our cash
flow. Unknown liabilities with respect to properties acquired might include:

      o     liabilities for clean-up of undisclosed environmental contamination;

      o     claims by tenants, vendors or other persons dealing with the former
            owners of the properties;

      o     liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business; and

      o     claims for indemnification by general partners, directors, officers
            and others indemnified by the former owners of the properties.

We face potential difficulties or delays renewing leases or re-leasing space.

      We derive most of our income from rent received from our tenants. If a
tenant experiences a downturn in its business or other types of financial
distress, it may be unable to make timely rental payments. Also, when our
tenants decide not to renew their leases, we may not be able to relet the space.
Even if tenants decide to renew, the terms of renewals or new leases, including
the cost of required renovations or concessions to tenants, may be less
favorable than current lease terms. As a result, our cash flow could decrease
and our ability to make distributions to our securityholders could be adversely
affected.

We face potential adverse effects from major tenants' bankruptcies or
insolvencies.

      The bankruptcy or insolvency of a major tenant may adversely affect the
income produced by our properties. Although we have not experienced material
losses from tenant


                                       13
<PAGE>

bankruptcies or insolvencies in the past, our tenants could file for bankruptcy
protection or become insolvent in the future. We cannot evict a tenant solely
because of its bankruptcy. On the other hand, a court might authorize the tenant
to reject and terminate its lease with us. In such case, our claim against the
bankrupt tenant for unpaid, future rent would be subject to a statutory cap that
might be substantially less than the remaining rent actually owed under the
lease, and, even so, our claim for unpaid rent would likely not be paid in full.
This shortfall could adversely affect our cash flow and results from operations.

We may have difficulty selling our properties which may limit our flexibility.

      Large and high quality office, industrial and hotel properties like the
ones that we own can be hard to sell, especially if local market conditions are
poor. This may limit our ability to change our portfolio promptly in response to
changes in economic or other conditions. In addition, federal tax laws limit our
ability to sell properties that we have owned for fewer than four years, and
this may affect our ability to sell properties without adversely affecting
returns to our stockholders. These restrictions reduce our ability to respond to
changes in the performance of our investments and could adversely affect our
financial condition and results of operations.

Our properties face significant competition.

      We face significant competition from developers, owners and operators of
office, industrial and other commercial real estate. Substantially all of our
properties face competition from similar properties in the same market. Such
competition may effect our ability to attract and retain tenants and may reduce
the rents we are able to charge. These competing properties may have vacancy
rates higher than our properties, which may result in their owners being willing
to make space available at lower prices than the space in our properties.

Because we own three hotel properties, we face the risks associated with the
hospitality industry.

      We own three hotel properties. We lease these hotel properties to ZL Hotel
LLC, in which Mortimer B. Zuckerman, Chairman of our board of directors, and
Edward H. Linde, our President and Chief Executive Officer, are the sole
member-managers and have a 9.8% economic interest; two unaffiliated public
charities have a 90.2% economic interest in ZL Hotel LLC. Marriott
International, Inc. manages these hotel properties under the Marriott(R) name
pursuant to a management agreement with ZL Hotel LLC. ZL Hotel LLC pays us a
percentage of the gross receipts that the hotel properties receive. Because the
lease payments we receive are based on a participation in the gross receipts of
the hotels, if the hotels do not generate sufficient receipts, our cash flow
would be decreased, which could reduce the amount of cash available for
distribution to our securityholders. The following factors, among others, are
common to the hotel industry, and may reduce the receipts generated by our hotel
properties:

      o     our hotel properties compete for guests with other hotels, a number
            of which have greater marketing and financial resources than our
            hotel-operating business partners;


                                       14
<PAGE>

      o     if there is an increase in operating costs resulting from inflation
            and other factors, our hotel-operating business partners may not be
            able to offset such increase by increasing room rates;

      o     our hotel properties are subject to the fluctuating and seasonal
            demands of business travelers and tourism; and

      o     our hotel properties are subject to general and local economic
            conditions that may affect demand for travel in general.

Compliance or failure to comply with the Americans with Disabilities Act and
other similar laws could result in substantial costs.

      The Americans with Disabilities Act generally requires that public
buildings, including office buildings and hotels, be made accessible to disabled
persons. Noncompliance could result in imposition of fines by the federal
government or the award of damages to private litigants. If, pursuant to the
Americans with Disabilities Act, we are required to make substantial alterations
and capital expenditures in one or more of our properties, including the removal
of access barriers, it could adversely affect our financial condition and
results of operations, as well as the amount of cash available for distribution
to our securityholders.

      We may also incur significant costs complying with other regulations. Our
properties are subject to various federal, state and local regulatory
requirements, such as state and local fire and life safety requirements. If we
fail to comply with these requirements, we could incur fines or private damage
awards. We believe that our properties are currently in material compliance with
all of these regulatory requirements. However, we do not know whether existing
requirements will change or whether compliance with future requirements will
require significant unanticipated expenditures that will affect our cash flow
and results from operations.

Some potential losses are not covered by insurance.

      We carry comprehensive liability, fire, flood, extended coverage and
rental loss insurance, as applicable, on our properties. We believe our coverage
is of the type and amount customarily obtained for or by an owner of similar
properties. We believe all of our properties are adequately insured. However,
there are certain types of losses, such as from wars or catastrophic acts of
nature, for which we cannot obtain insurance or for which we cannot obtain
insurance at a reasonable cost. In the event of an uninsured loss or a loss in
excess of our insurance limits, we could lose both the revenues generated from
the affected property and the capital we have invested in the affected property.
We would, however, remain obligated to repay any mortgage indebtedness or other
obligations related to the property. Any such loss could materially and
adversely affect our business and financial condition and results of operations.

      We carry earthquake insurance on our properties located in areas known to
be subject to earthquakes in an amount and subject to deductions which we
believe are commercially


                                       15
<PAGE>

reasonable. However, the amount of our earthquake insurance coverage may not be
sufficient to cover losses from earthquakes. In addition, we may discontinue
earthquake insurance on some or all of our properties in the future if the
premiums exceed our estimation of the value of the coverage discounted for the
risk of loss. If we experience a loss which is uninsured or which exceeds policy
limits, we could lose the capital invested in the damaged properties as well as
the anticipated future revenue from those properties. Moreover, if the damaged
properties are subject to recourse indebtedness, we would continue to be liable
for the indebtedness, even if the properties were irreparable. Any such loss
could materially and adversely affect our business and financial condition and
results from operations.

Potential liability for environmental contamination could result in substantial
costs.

      Under federal, state and local environmental laws, ordinances and
regulations, we may be required to investigate and clean up the effects of
releases of hazardous or toxic substances or petroleum products at our
properties, regardless of our knowledge or responsibility, simply because of our
current or past ownership or operation of the real estate. If unidentified
environmental problems arise, we may have to make substantial payments which
could adversely affect our cash flow and our ability to make distributions to
our securityholders because:

      o     as owner or operator we may have to pay for property damage and for
            investigation and clean-up costs incurred in connection with the
            contamination;

      o     the law typically imposes clean-up responsibility and liability
            regardless of whether the owner or operator knew of or caused the
            contamination;

      o     even if more than one person may be responsible for the
            contamination, each person who shares legal liability under the
            environmental laws may be held responsible for all of the clean-up
            costs; and

      o     governmental entities and third parties may sue the owner or
            operator of a contaminated site for damages and costs.

      These costs could be substantial and in extreme cases could exceed the
value of the contaminated property. The presence of hazardous or toxic
substances or petroleum products or the failure to properly remediate
contamination may materially and adversely affect our ability to borrow against,
sell or rent an affected property. In addition, applicable environmental laws
create liens on contaminated sites in favor of the government for damages and
costs it incurs in connection with a contamination.

      Environmental laws also govern the presence, maintenance and removal of
asbestos. Such laws require that owners or operators of buildings containing
asbestos:

      o     properly manage and maintain the asbestos;

      o     notify and train those who may come into contact with asbestos; and


                                       16
<PAGE>

      o     undertake special precautions, including removal or other abatement,
            if asbestos would be disturbed during renovation or demolition of a
            building.

Such laws may impose fines and penalties on building owners or operators who
fail to comply with these requirements and may allow third parties to seek
recovery from owners or operators for personal injury associated with exposure
to asbestos fibers.

      Some of our properties are located in urban and industrial areas where
fill or current or historic industrial uses of the areas have caused site
contamination. Independent environmental consultants have conducted Phase I
environmental site assessments at all of our properties. These assessments
included, at a minimum, a visual inspection of the properties and the
surrounding areas, an examination of current and historical uses of the
properties and the surrounding areas and a review of relevant state, federal and
historical documents. Where appropriate, on a property-by-property basis, these
consultants have conducted additional testing, including sampling for asbestos,
for lead in drinking water, for soil contamination where underground storage
tanks are or were located or where other past site usages create a potential
environmental problem, and for contamination in groundwater. Even though these
environmental assessments have been conducted, there is still the risk that:

      o     the environmental assessments and updates did not identify all
            potential environmental liabilities;

      o     a prior owner created a material environmental condition that is not
            known to us or the independent consultants preparing the
            assessments;

      o     new environmental liabilities have developed since the environmental
            assessments were conducted; and

      o     future uses or conditions such as changes in applicable
            environmental laws and regulations could result in environmental
            liability for us.

We face risks associated with the use of debt to fund acquisitions and
developments, including refinancing risk.

      We are subject to the risks normally associated with debt financing,
including the risk that our cash flow will be insufficient to meet required
payments of principal and interest. We anticipate that only a small portion of
the principal of our debt will be repaid prior to maturity. Therefore, we are
likely to need to refinance at least a portion of our outstanding debt as it
matures. There is a risk that we may not be able to refinance existing debt or
that the terms of any refinancing will not be as favorable as the terms of the
existing debt. If principal payments due at maturity cannot be refinanced,
extended or repaid with proceeds from other sources, such as new equity capital,
our cash flow will not be sufficient to repay all maturing debt in years when
significant "balloon" payments come due.


                                       17
<PAGE>

Rising interest rates would increase our interest costs.

      We currently have, and may incur more, indebtedness that bears interest at
variable rates. Accordingly, if interest rates increase, so will our interest
costs, which would adversely affect our cash flow, our ability to service debt
and our ability to make distributions to our securityholders.

We have no corporate limitation on the amount of debt we can incur.

      Our management and board of directors have discretion under our
certificate of incorporation and bylaws to increase the amount of our
outstanding debt. Our decisions with regard to the incurrence and maintenance of
debt are based on available investment opportunities for which capital is
required, the cost of debt in relation to such investment opportunities, whether
secured or unsecured debt is available, the effect of additional debt on
existing financial ratios and the maturity of the proposed new debt relative to
maturities of existing debt. We could become more highly leveraged, resulting in
increased debt service costs that could adversely affect our cash flow and the
amount available for payment of dividends. If we increase our debt we may also
increase the risk we will be unable to repay our debt.

Our financial covenants could adversely affect our financial condition.

      The mortgages on our properties contain customary negative covenants such
as those that limit our ability, without the prior consent of the lender, to
further mortgage the applicable property or to discontinue insurance coverage.
In addition, our credit facilities contain certain customary restrictions,
requirements and other limitations on our ability to incur indebtedness,
including total debt to assets ratios, secured debt to total asset ratios, debt
service coverage ratios and minimum ratios of unencumbered assets to unsecured
debt which we must maintain. Our ability to borrow under our credit facilities
is subject to compliance with our financial and other covenants. We rely on
borrowings under our credit facilities to finance acquisitions and development
activities and for working capital, and if we are unable to borrow under our
credit facilities, or to refinance existing indebtedness our financial condition
and results of operations would likely be adversely impacted. If we breach
covenants in our debt agreements, the lender can declare a default and require
us to repay the debt immediately and, if the debt is secured, can immediately
take possession of the property securing the loan. In addition, our credit
facilities are cross-defaulted to our other indebtedness, which would give the
lenders under our other credit facilities the right also to declare a default
and require immediate repayment.

Our degree of leverage could limit our ability to obtain additional financing or
affect the market price of our common stock.

      Debt to Market Capitalization Ratio is a measure of our total debt as a
percentage of the aggregate of our total debt plus the market value of our
outstanding securities. Our Debt to Market Capitalization Ratio was
approximately 38.7% as of December 31, 2000. To the extent that our board of
directors uses our Debt to Market Capitalization Ratio as a measure of


                                       18
<PAGE>

appropriate leverage, the total amount of our debt could increase as our common
stock price increases, even if we may not have a corresponding increase in our
ability to service or repay the debt. Our degree of leverage could affect our
ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital
expenditures, acquisitions, development or other general corporate purposes. Our
degree of leverage could also make us more vulnerable to a downturn in business
or the economy generally. There is a risk that changes in our Debt to Market
Capitalization Ratio, which is in part a function of our stock price, or our
ratio of indebtedness to other measures of asset value used by financial
analysts may have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock.

Further issuances of equity securities may be dilutive to current stockholders.

      The interests of our existing stockholders could be diluted if additional
equity securities are issued to finance future developments and acquisitions
instead of incurring additional debt. Our ability to execute our business
strategy depends on our access to an appropriate blend of debt financing,
including unsecured lines of credit and other forms of secured and unsecured
debt, and equity financing, including common and preferred equity.

Failure to qualify as a real estate investment trust would cause us to be taxed
as a corporation, which would substantially reduce funds available for payment
of dividends.

      If we fail to qualify as a real estate investment trust for federal income
tax purposes, we will be taxed as a corporation. We believe that we are
organized and qualified as a real estate investment trust, and intend to operate
in a manner that will allow us to continue to qualify as a real estate
investment trust. However, we cannot assure you that we are qualified as such,
or that we will remain qualified as such in the future. This is because
qualification as a real estate investment trust involves the application of
highly technical and complex provisions of the Internal Revenue Code as to which
there are only limited judicial and administrative interpretations, and involves
the determination of facts and circumstances not entirely within our control. In
addition, future legislation, new regulations, administrative interpretations or
court decisions may significantly change the tax laws or the application of the
tax laws with respect to qualification as a real estate investment trust for
federal income tax purposes or the federal income tax consequences of such
qualification.

      If we fail to qualify as a real estate investment trust we will face
serious tax consequences that will substantially reduce the funds available for
payment of dividends for each of the years involved because:

      o     we would not be allowed a deduction for dividends paid to
            stockholders in computing our taxable income and would be subject to
            federal income tax at regular corporate rates;

      o     we also could be subject to the federal alternative minimum tax and
            possibly increased state and local taxes;


                                       19
<PAGE>

      o     unless we are entitled to relief under statutory provisions, we
            could not elect to be subject to tax as a real estate investment
            trust for four taxable years following the year during which we were
            disqualified; and

      o     all dividends will be subject to tax as ordinary income to the
            extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits.

      In addition, if we fail to qualify as a real estate investment trust, we
will no longer be required to pay dividends. As a result of all these factors,
our failure to qualify as a real estate investment trust could impair our
ability to expand our business and raise capital, and would adversely affect the
value of our common stock.

In order to maintain our real estate investment trust status, we may be forced
to borrow funds on a short-term basis during unfavorable market conditions.

      In order to maintain our real estate investment trust status, we may need
to borrow funds on a short-term basis to meet the real estate investment trust
distribution requirements, even if the then prevailing market conditions are not
favorable for these borrowings. To qualify as a real estate investment trust, we
generally must distribute to our stockholders at least 95% of our net taxable
income each year, excluding capital gains. In addition, we will be subject to a
4% nondeductible excise tax on the amount, if any, by which dividends paid by us
in any calendar year are less than the sum of 85% of our ordinary income, 95% of
our capital gain net income and 100% of our undistributed income from prior
years. We may need short-term debt to fund required distributions as a result of
differences in timing between the actual receipt of income and the recognition
of income for federal income tax purposes, or the effect of non-deductible
capital expenditures, the creation of reserves or required debt or amortization
payments.

Limits on changes in control may discourage takeover attempts beneficial to
stockholders.

      Provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, our shareholder
rights agreement and the limited partnership agreement of Boston Properties
Limited Partnership, as well as provisions of the Internal Revenue Code and
Delaware corporate law, may:

      o     delay or prevent a change of control over us or a tender offer, even
            if such action might be beneficial to our stockholders; and

      o     limit our stockholders' opportunity to receive a potential premium
            for their shares of common stock over then-prevailing market prices.

      Stock Ownership Limit

      Primarily to facilitate maintenance of our qualification as a real estate
investment trust, our corporate charter generally prohibits ownership, directly,
indirectly or beneficially, by any single stockholder of more than 6.6% of the
number of outstanding shares of any class or series of our equity stock. We
refer to this limitation as the "ownership limit." Our board of directors


                                       20
<PAGE>

may waive or modify the ownership limit with respect to one or more persons if
it is satisfied that ownership in excess of this limit will not jeopardize our
status as a real estate investment trust for federal income tax purposes. In
addition, under our corporate charter each of Messrs. Zuckerman and Linde, along
with their family and affiliates, as well as, in general, pension plans and
mutual funds, may actually and beneficially own up to 15% of the number of
outstanding shares of any class or series of our equity common stock. Shares
owned in violation of the ownership limit will be subject to the loss of rights
to distributions and voting and other penalties. The ownership limit may have
the effect of inhibiting or impeding a change in control.

      Boston Properties Limited Partnership Agreement

      We have agreed in the limited partnership agreement of Boston Properties
Limited Partnership not to engage in business combinations unless limited
partners of Boston Properties Limited Partnership other than Boston Properties,
Inc. receive, or have the opportunity to receive, the same consideration for
their partnership interests as holders of our common stock in the transaction.
If these limited partners do not receive such consideration, we cannot engage in
the transaction unless 75% of these limited partners vote to approve the
transaction. In addition, we have agreed in the limited partnership agreement of
Boston Properties Limited Partnership that we will not consummate business
combinations in which we received the approval of our stockholders unless these
limited partners are also allowed to vote and the transaction would have been
approved had these limited partners been able to vote as stockholders on the
transaction. Therefore, if our stockholders approve a business combination that
requires a vote of stockholders, the partnership agreement requires the
following before we can consummate the transaction:

      o     holders of interests in Boston Properties Limited Partnership
            (including Boston Properties, Inc.) must vote on the matter;

      o     Boston Properties, Inc. must vote its partnership interests in the
            same proportion as our stockholders voted on the transaction; and

      o     the result of the vote of holders of interests in Boston Properties
            Limited Partnership must be such that had such vote been a vote of
            stockholders, the business combination would have been approved.

      As a result of these provisions, a potential acquirer may be deterred from
making an acquisition proposal and we may be prohibited by contract from
engaging in a proposed business combination even though our stockholders approve
of the combination.

      Shareholder Rights Plan

      We have adopted a shareholder rights plan. Under the terms of this plan,
we can in effect prevent a person or group from acquiring more than 15% of the
outstanding shares of our common stock, because, unless we approve of the
acquisition, after the person acquires more than 15% of our outstanding common
stock, all other stockholders will have the right to purchase


                                       21
<PAGE>

securities from us at a price that is less than their then fair market value,
which would substantially reduce the value and influence of the stock owned by
the acquiring person. Our board of directors can prevent the plan from operating
by approving of the transaction, which gives us significant power to approve or
disapprove of the efforts of a person or group to acquire a large interest in
us.

We may change our policies without obtaining the approval of our stockholders.

      Our operating and financial policies, including our policies with respect
to acquisitions, growth, operations, indebtedness, capitalization and dividends,
are determined by our board of directors. Accordingly, as a stockholder, you
will have little direct control over these policies.

Our success depends on key personnel whose continued service is not guaranteed.

      We depend on the efforts of key personnel, particularly Mortimer B.
Zuckerman, Chairman of our board of directors, and Edward H. Linde, our
President and Chief Executive Officer. Among the reasons that Messrs. Zuckerman
and Linde are important to our success is that each has a national reputation
which attracts business and investment opportunities and assists us in
negotiations with lenders. If we lost their services, our relationships with
lenders, potential tenants and industry personnel would diminish.

      Our other executive officers who serve as managers of our offices have
strong regional reputations. Their reputations aid us in identifying
opportunities, having opportunities brought to us, and negotiating with tenants
and build-to-suit prospects. While we believe that we could find replacements
for these key personnel, the loss of their services could materially and
adversely effect our operations because of diminished relationships with
lenders, prospective tenants and industry personnel.

      Mr. Zuckerman has substantial outside business interests, including
serving as trustee for New York University, a trustee of Memorial
Sloan-Kettering Cancer Institute, a trustee of the Institute for Advanced
Studies at Princeton and a member of the Council on Foreign Relations and the
International Institute for Strategic Studies. He is also Chairman and
Editor-in-Chief of U.S. News & World Report, Chairman and Co-Publisher of the
New York Daily News and Chairman of the Board of Applied Graphics Technologies
and a member of the Board of Directors of Chase Manhattan Corporation National
Advisory Board, Loews Cineplex and WNET/Channel. Such outside business interests
could interfere with his ability to devote time to our business and affairs.
Over the last twenty years, Mr. Zuckerman has devoted a significant portion,
although not a majority, of his business time to the affairs of Boston
Properties and its predecessors. We have no assurance that he will continue to
devote any specific portion of his time to us, although at present, he has no
commitments which would prevent him from maintaining his current level of
involvement with our business.


                                       22
<PAGE>

Conflicts of interest exist with holders of interests in Boston Properties
Limited Partnership.

      Sales of properties and repayment of related indebtedness will have
different effects on holders of interests in Boston Properties Limited
Partnership than on our stockholders.

      Some holders of interests in Boston Properties Limited Partnership,
including Messrs. Zuckerman and Linde, would incur adverse tax consequences upon
the sale of certain of our properties and on the repayment of related debt which
differ from the tax consequences to us and our stockholders. Consequently, such
holders of interests in Boston Properties Limited Partnership may have different
objectives regarding the appropriate pricing and timing of any such sale or
repayment of debt. While we have exclusive authority under the limited
partnership agreement of Boston Properties Limited Partnership to determine when
to refinance or repay debt or whether, when, and on what terms to sell a
property, subject, in the case of certain properties, to the contractual
commitments described below, any such decision would require the approval of our
board of directors. As directors and executive officers, Messrs. Zuckerman and
Linde have substantial influence with respect to any such decision. Their
influence could be exercised in a manner inconsistent with the interests of
some, or a majority, of our stockholders, including in a manner which could
prevent completion of a sale of a property or the repayment of indebtedness.

      Agreement not to sell some properties.

      Under the terms of the limited partnership agreement of Boston Properties
Limited Partnership, we have agreed not to sell or otherwise transfer some of
our properties, prior to specified dates, in any transaction that would trigger
taxable income, without first obtaining the consent of Messrs. Zuckerman and
Linde. However, we are not required to obtain their consent if, during the
applicable period, each of them does not hold at least 30% of his original
interests in Boston Properties Limited Partnership. In addition, we have entered
into similar agreements with respect to other properties that we have acquired
in exchange for interests in Boston Properties Limited Partnership. There are a
total of 35 properties subject to these restrictions, and those 35 properties
are estimated to have accounted for approximately 55% of our total revenue for
the year ended December 31, 2000.

      Boston Properties Limited Partnership has also entered into agreements
providing Messrs. Zuckerman and Linde and others with the right to guarantee
specific amounts of indebtedness and, in the event that the specific
indebtedness they guarantee is repaid or reduced, additional and/or substitute
indebtedness. These agreements may hinder actions that we may otherwise desire
to take to repay or refinance guaranteed indebtedness because we would be
required to make payments to the beneficiaries of such agreements if we violate
these agreements.


                                       23
<PAGE>

      Messrs. Zuckerman and Linde will continue to engage in other activities.

      Messrs. Zuckerman and Linde have a broad and varied range of investment
interests. Either one could acquire an interest in a company which is not
currently involved in real estate investment activities but which may acquire
real property in the future. However, pursuant to Mr. Linde's employment
agreement and Mr. Zuckerman's non-compete agreement, Messrs. Zuckerman and Linde
will not, in general, have management control over such companies and,
therefore, they may not be able to prevent one or more such companies from
engaging in activities that are in competition with our activities.

Changes in market conditions could adversely affect the market price of our
common stock.

      As with other publicly traded equity securities, the value of our common
stock depends on various market conditions which may change from time to time.
Among the market conditions that may affect the value of our common stock are
the following:

      o     the extent of investor interest in us;

      o     the general reputation of real estate investment trusts and the
            attractiveness of our equity securities in comparison to other
            equity securities, including securities issued by other real
            estate-based companies;

      o     our financial performance; and

      o     general stock and bond market conditions.

      The market value of our common stock is based primarily upon the market's
perception of our growth potential and our current and potential future earnings
and cash dividends. Consequently, our common stock may trade at prices that are
higher or lower than our net asset value per share of common stock. If our
future earnings or cash dividends are less than expected, it is likely that the
market price of our common stock will diminish.

Market interest rates may have an effect on the value of our common stock.

      One of the factors that investors may consider important in deciding
whether to buy or sell shares of a real estate investment trust is the dividend
with respect to such real estate investment trust's shares as a percentage of
the price of such shares, relative to market interest rates. If market interest
rates go up, prospective purchasers of shares of our common stock may expect a
higher distribution rate on our common stock. Higher market interest rates would
not, however, result in more funds for us to distribute and, to the contrary,
would likely increase our borrowing costs and potentially decrease funds
available for distribution. Thus, higher market interest rates could cause the
market price of our common stock to go down.


                                       24
<PAGE>

The number of shares available for future sale could adversely affect the market
price of our stock.

      As part of our initial public offering and since then we have completed
many private placement transactions where shares of capital stock of Boston
Properties, Inc. or interests in Boston Properties Limited Partnership were
issued to owners of properties we acquired or to institutional investors. This
common stock, or common stock issuable on conversion of our preferred stock or
in exchange for such interests in Boston Properties Limited Partnership, may be
sold in the public market over time pursuant to registration rights we granted
to these investors. Additional common stock reserved under our employee benefit
and other incentive plans, including stock options, may also be sold in the
public at some time in the future. Future sales of our common stock in the
public securities markets could adversely affect the price of our common stock.
We cannot predict the effect the perception in the market that such sales may
occur will have on the market price of our common stock.

We did not obtain new owner's title insurance policies in connection with
properties acquired during our initial public offering.

      We acquired many of our properties from our predecessors at the completion
of our initial public offering in June 1997. Before we acquired these properties
each of them was insured by a title insurance policy. We did not, however,
obtain new owner's title insurance policies in connection with the acquisition
of such properties. Nevertheless, because in many instances we acquired these
properties indirectly by acquiring ownership of the entity which owned the
property and those owners remain in existence as our subsidiaries, some of these
title insurance policies may continue to benefit us. Many of these title
insurance policies may be for amounts less than the current values of the
applicable properties. If there was a title defect related to any of these
properties, or to any of the properties acquired at the time of our initial
public offering, that is no longer covered by a title insurance policy, we could
lose both our capital invested in and our anticipated profits from such
property.

      We have obtained title insurance policies for all properties that we have
acquired after our initial public offering.

We face possible adverse changes in tax and environmental laws.

      Generally, we pass through to our tenants costs resulting from increases
in real estate taxes. However, we generally do not pass through to our tenants
increases in income, service or transfer taxes. Similarly, changes in laws
increasing the potential liability for environmental conditions existing on our
properties or increasing the restrictions on discharges or other conditions may
result in significant unanticipated expenditures. These increased costs could
adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations and the
amount of cash available for payment of dividends.


                                       25
<PAGE>

Item 2. Properties

      At December 31, 2000, our portfolio consisted of 145 properties totaling
37.9 million net rentable square feet, including 15 properties under
construction. Our properties consisted of 134 office properties, including 103
Class A office buildings and 31 properties that support both office and
technical uses; eight industrial properties; and three hotels. In addition, we
own or control an additional 49 parcels of land for future development. The
following table sets forth information relating to the properties we owned at
December 31, 2000:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                     Number of        Net Rentable
Properties                                           Location                                        Buildings        Square Feet
----------                                           --------                                        ----------       -----------
<S>                                                  <C>                                                <C>             <C>
Class A Office
       The Prudential Center                         Boston, MA                                          3               2,140,832
       280 Park Avenue                               New York, NY                                        1               1,160,622
       599 Lexington Avenue                          New York, NY                                        1               1,000,497
       Embarcadero Center Four                       San Francisco, CA                                   1                 935,519
       Riverfront Plaza                              Richmond, VA                                        1                 894,015
       Embarcadero Center One                        San Francisco, CA                                   1                 821,009
       Embarcadero Center Two                        San Francisco, CA                                   1                 779,172
       Embarcadero Center Three                      San Francisco, CA                                   1                 770,969
       875 Third Avenue                              New York, NY                                        1                 690,126
       Democracy Center                              Bethesda, MD                                        3                 680,475
       100 East Pratt Street                         Baltimore, MD                                       1                 635,323
       Two Independence Square                       Washington, D.C.                                    1                 579,665
       Metropolitan Square (51% ownership)           Washington, D.C.                                    1                 578,340
       Candler Building                              Baltimore, MD                                       1                 537,363
       Reservoir Place                               Waltham, MA                                         1                 529,991
       The Gateway                                   South San Francisco, CA                             2                 506,395
       West Tower                                    San Francisco, CA                                   1                 475,120
       One Tower Center                              East Brunswick, NJ                                  1                 417,903
       One Freedom Square (25% ownership)            Reston, VA                                          1                 408,773
       Market Square North (50% ownership)           Washington, D.C.                                    1                 401,255
       Capital Gallery                               Washington, D.C.                                    1                 396,776
       140 Kendrick Street (25% ownership)           Needham, MA                                         3                 381,000
       One Independence Square                       Washington, D.C.                                    1                 337,794
       265 Franklin Street (35% ownership)           Boston, MA                                          1                 325,699
       One Reston Overlook                           Reston, VA                                          1                 312,685
       2300 N Street                                 Washington, D.C.                                    1                 276,930
       NIMA Building                                 Reston, VA                                          1                 263,870
       Reston Corporate Center                       Reston, VA                                          2                 261,046
       Lockheed Martin Building                      Reston, VA                                          1                 255,244
       200 West Street                               Waltham, MA                                         1                 248,341
       500 E Street, N. W.                           Washington, D.C.                                    1                 242,769
       510 Carnegie Center                           Princeton, NJ                                       1                 234,160
       One Cambridge Center                          Cambridge, MA                                       1                 215,385
       Sumner Square                                 Washington, D.C.                                    1                 209,507
       University Place                              Cambridge, MA                                       1                 195,282
       Eight Cambridge Center                        Cambridge, MA                                       1                 177,226
       Orbital Sciences, Buildings One and Three     Dulles, VA                                          2                 174,832
       Newport Office Park                           Quincy, MA                                          1                 168,829
       1301 New York Avenue                          Washington, D.C.                                    1                 168,371
</TABLE>


                                       26
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                     Number of        Net Rentable
Properties                                           Location                                        Buildings        Square Feet
----------                                           --------                                        ----------       -----------
<S>                                                  <C>                                                <C>             <C>
       Lexington Office Park                         Lexington, MA                                       2                 167,293
       191 Spring Street                             Lexington, MA                                       1                 162,700
       206 Carnegie Center                           Princeton, NJ                                       1                 161,763
       210 Carnegie Center                           Princeton, NJ                                       1                 158,610
       10 & 20 Burlington Mall Road                  Burlington, MA                                      2                 156,416
       Ten Cambridge Center                          Cambridge, MA                                       1                 152,664
       214 Carnegie Center                           Princeton, NJ                                       1                 152,214
       506 Carnegie Center                           Princeton, NJ                                       1                 150,888
       212 Carnegie Center                           Princeton, NJ                                       1                 150,069
       Federal Reserve                               San Francisco, CA                                   1                 149,592
       Two Reston Overlook                           Reston, VA                                          1                 131,594
       Waltham Office Center                         Waltham, MA                                         3                 131,479
       508 Carnegie Center                           Princeton, NJ                                       1                 131,085
       202 Carnegie Center                           Princeton, NJ                                       1                 128,885
       101 Carnegie Center                           Princeton, NJ                                       1                 124,049
       91 Hartwell Avenue                            Lexington, MA                                       1                 122,135
       504 Carnegie Center                           Princeton, NJ                                       1                 121,990
       Montvale Center                               Gaithersburg, MD                                    1                 120,815
       502 Carnegie Center                           Princeton, NJ                                       1                 116,374
       Three Cambridge Center                        Cambridge, MA                                       1                 107,484
       104 Carnegie Center                           Princeton, NJ                                       1                 102,758
       201 Spring Street                             Lexington, MA                                       1                 102,500
       The Arboretum                                 Reston, VA                                          1                  95,584
       Bedford Business Park                         Bedford, MA                                         1                  90,000
       Eleven Cambridge Center                       Cambridge, MA                                       1                  79,616
       33 Hayden Avenue                              Lexington, MA                                       1                  79,564
       Decoverly Two                                 Rockville, MD                                       1                  77,747
       Decoverly Three                               Rockville, MD                                       1                  77,040
       170 Tracer Lane                               Waltham, MA                                         1                  73,203
       105 Carnegie Center                           Princeton, NJ                                       1                  69,648
       32 Hartwell Avenue                            Lexington, MA                                       1                  69,154
       195 West Street                               Waltham, MA                                         1                  63,500
       100 Hayden Avenue                             Lexington, MA                                       1                  55,924
       181 Spring Street                             Lexington, MA                                       1                  53,595
       211 Carnegie Center                           Princeton, NJ                                       1                  47,025
       204 Second Avenue                             Waltham, MA                                         1                  40,974
       92 Hayden Avenue                              Lexington, MA                                       1                  30,980
       201 Carnegie Center                           Princeton, NJ                                       -                   6,500
                                                                                                     ----------       ------------
    Subtotal for Class A Office Properties:                                                              89             23,802,521

Research & Development
       Bedford Business Park                         Bedford, MA                                         2                 383,704
       Fullerton Square                              Springfield, VA                                     2                 178,294
       Hilltop Office Center                         South San Francisco, CA                             9                 144,366
       7601 Boston Boulevard                         Springfield, VA                                     1                 103,750
       7435 Boston Boulevard                         Springfield, VA                                     1                 103,557
       8000 Grainger Court                           Springfield, VA                                     1                  90,465
       7700 Boston Boulevard                         Springfield, VA                                     1                  82,224
       7500 Boston Boulevard                         Springfield, VA                                     1                  79,971
       7501 Boston Boulevard                         Springfield, VA                                     1                  75,756
       7600 Boston Boulevard                         Springfield, VA                                     1                  69,832
       Fourteen Cambridge Center                     Cambridge, MA                                       1                  67,362
       164 Lexington Road                            Billerica, MA                                       1                  64,140
       7450 Boston Boulevard                         Springfield, VA                                     1                  60,827
       Sugarland Business Park, Building Two         Herndon, VA                                         1                  59,215
       7374 Boston Boulevard                         Springfield, VA                                     1                  57,321
       Sugarland Business Park, Building One         Herndon, VA                                         1                  52,797
       8000 Corporate Court                          Springfield, VA                                     1                  52,539
</TABLE>


                                       27
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                     Number of        Net Rentable
Properties                                           Location                                        Buildings        Square Feet
----------                                           --------                                        ----------       -----------
<S>                                                  <C>                                                <C>             <C>
       7451 Boston Boulevard                         Springfield, VA                                     1                  47,001
       17 Hartwell Avenue                            Lexington, MA                                       1                  30,000
       7375 Boston Boulevard                         Springfield, VA                                     1                  28,780
                                                                                                     ----------       ------------
    Subtotal for Research and Development Properties:                                                    30              1,831,901

Industrial
       2391 West Winton                              Hayward, CA                                         1                 220,213
       40-46 Harvard Street                          Westwood, MA                                        1                 169,273
       38 Cabot Boulevard                            Bucks County, PA                                    1                 161,000
       6201 Columbia Park Road                       Landover, MD                                        1                 100,337
       2000 South Club Drive                         Landover, MD                                        1                  83,608
       25-33 Dartmouth Road                          Westwood, MA                                        1                  78,045
       560 Forbes Blvd                               South San Francisco, CA                             1                  40,000
       430 Rozzi Place                               South San Francisco, CA                             1                  20,000
                                                                                                     ----------       ------------
    Subtotal for Industrial Properties:                                                                  8                 872,476
                                                                                                     ----------       ------------

    Subtotal for In-Service Class A Office, Research and Development and Industrial Properties:         127             26,506,898
                                                                                                     ----------       ------------

Properties Under Construction
       5 Times Square                                New York, NY                                        1               1,099,154
       111 Huntington Avenue                         Boston, MA                                          1                 890,000
       Two Freedom Square                            Reston, VA                                          1                 417,113
       One and Two Discovery Square                  Reston, VA                                          2                 362,868
       Waltham Weston Corporate Center               Waltham, MA                                         1                 295,000
       Quorum Office Park                            Chelmsford, MA                                      2                 259,918
       611 Gateway Boulevard                         South San Francisco, CA                             1                 249,732
       New Dominion Technology Park - Building One   Herndon, VA                                         1                 235,201
       2600 Tower Oaks Boulevard                     Rockville, MD                                       1                 178,216
       Orbital Sciences Phase II - Building 2        Dulles, VA                                          1                 160,502
       Broad Run Business Park - Building E          Dulles, VA                                          1                 124,650
       Andover Office Park - Building 1              Andover, MA                                         1                 120,000
       302 Carnegie Center                           Princeton, NJ                                       1                  64,565
                                                                                                     ----------       ------------
    Subtotal for Properties Under Construction:                                                          15              4,456,919
                                                                                                     ----------       ------------

Hotel Properties
       Long Wharf Marriott                           Boston, MA                                          1                 420,000
       Cambridge Center Marriott                     Cambridge, MA                                       1                 330,400
       Residence Inn by Marriott                     Cambridge, MA                                       1                 187,474
                                                                                                     ----------       ------------
    Subtotal for Hotel Properties:                                                                       3                 937,874
                                                                                                     ----------       ------------

    Structured Parking                                                                                                   6,017,423
                                                                                                                      ------------

    Total for all properties:                                                                           145             37,919,114
                                                                                                     ==========       ============
</TABLE>

Item 3. Legal Proceedings

      Neither we, nor our affiliates, are presently subject to any material
litigation or, to our knowledge, have any litigation threatened against us or
our affiliates other than routine actions and administrative proceedings
substantially all of which are expected to be covered by liability or other
insurance and in the aggregate are not expected to have a material adverse
effect on our business or financial condition.


                                       28
<PAGE>

Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders

      No matters were submitted to a vote of our stockholders during the fourth
quarter of the year ended December 31, 2000.

                                    PART II

Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters

      Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol
"BXP". The high and low closing sales prices for the periods indicated in the
table below were:

   Quarter Ended      High        Low        Distributions
   -------------      ----        ---        -------------

December 31, 2000    $44 3/4     $38 7/8       $.530 (a)
September 30, 2000    43 1/4      37 9/16       .530
June 30, 2000         38 31/32    31 3/4        .530
March 31, 2000        32 3/8      29 13/16      .450
December 31, 1999     31 1/8      27 1/2        .450
September 30, 1999    35 5/8      30 5/16       .450
June 30, 1999         37 1/8      31 1/4        .425
March 31, 1999        34 11/16    30 5/16       .425

(a) Paid on January 29, 2001 to stockholders of record on December 29, 2000.

      At March 14, 2001, we had approximately 468 shareholders of record. This
does not include beneficial owners for whom Cede & Co. or others act as nominee.

      We have adopted a policy of paying regular quarterly distributions on our
common stock and cash distributions have been paid on our common stock since our
initial public offering. In order to maintain our qualification as a REIT, we
must make annual distributions to our shareholders of at least 95% of our
taxable income (not including net capital gains). We intend that any dividend
paid in respect of our common stock during the last quarter of each year will,
if necessary, be adjusted to satisfy the REIT requirement that at least 95% of
taxable income for such taxable year be distributed.


                                       29
<PAGE>

Item 6. Selected Financial Data

      The following sets forth our selected financial and operating data for
Boston Properties, Inc., and Boston Properties Limited Partnership, together
with their subsidiaries on a historical consolidated basis and for our
predecessor business on a historical combined basis. The following data should
be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes thereto and
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations included elsewhere in this Form 10-K.

      Historical operating results for Boston Properties, Inc., and Boston
Properties Limited Partnership, together with their subsidiaries and for our
predecessor business, including net income, may not be comparable to our future
operating results.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                               The Company
                                                                       ---------------------------------------------------------

                                                                                    For the year ended December 31,
                                                                       --------------------------------------------------------
(in thousands, except per share data)                                     2000                    1999                  1998
================================================================================================================================
<S>                                                                    <C>                    <C>                   <C>
Statement of Operations Information
Total revenue                                                          $   879,353            $   786,564           $   513,847
                                                                       -----------            -----------           -----------
Expenses:
  Property                                                                 264,701                249,268               150,490
  Hotel                                                                         --                     --                    --
  General and administrative                                                35,659                 29,455                22,504
  Interest                                                                 217,064                205,410               124,860
  Depreciation and amortization                                            133,150                120,059                75,418
                                                                       -----------            -----------           -----------
  Income before minority interests and unconsolidated joint
    venture income                                                         228,779                182,372               140,575
  Income from unconsolidated joint ventures                                  1,758                    468                    --
  Minority interests                                                       (76,971)               (69,531)              (41,982)
                                                                       -----------            -----------           -----------
  Income before gain (loss) on sale of real estate                         153,566                113,309                98,593
  Gain (loss) on sale of real estate, net of minority interest                (234)                 6,467                    --
                                                                       -----------            -----------           -----------
  Income before extraordinary items                                        153,332                119,776                98,593
  Extraordinary gain (loss), net of minority interest                         (334)                    --                (5,481)
                                                                       -----------            -----------           -----------
  Net income before preferred dividend                                     152,998                119,776                93,112
  Preferred dividend                                                        (6,572)                (5,829)                   --
                                                                       -----------            -----------           -----------
  Net income available to common shareholders                          $   146,426            $   113,947           $    93,112
                                                                       ===========            ===========           ===========
  Basic earnings per share:
    Income before extraordinary items                                  $      2.05            $      1.72           $      1.62
    Extraordinary gain (loss), net of minority interest                         --                     --                 (0.09)
                                                                       -----------            -----------           -----------
    Net income                                                         $      2.05            $      1.72           $      1.53
                                                                       ===========            ===========           ===========
    Weighted average number of common shares outstanding                    71,424                 66,235                60,776
  Diluted earnings per share:
    Income before extraordinary items                                  $      2.01            $      1.71           $      1.61
    Extraordinary gain (loss), net of minority interest                         --                     --                 (0.09)
                                                                       -----------            -----------           -----------
    Net income                                                         $      2.01            $      1.71           $      1.52
                                                                       ===========            ===========           ===========
    Weighted average number of common and common
      equivalent shares outstanding                                         72,741                 66,776                61,308

Balance Sheet Information:
  Real estate, gross                                                   $ 6,112,779            $ 5,609,424           $ 4,917,193
  Real estate, net                                                       5,526,060              5,138,833             4,559,809
  Cash                                                                     280,957                 12,035                12,166
  Total assets                                                           6,226,470              5,434,772             5,235,087
  Total indebtedness                                                     3,414,891              3,321,584             3,088,724
  Minority interests                                                       877,715                781,962             1,079,234
  Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock                                   100,000                100,000                    --
  Stockholders' and owners' equity (deficit)                             1,647,727              1,057,564               948,481

Other Information:
  Funds from operations                                                    247,371                196,101               153,045
  Dividends per share                                                         2.04                   1.75                  1.64
  Cash flow provided by operating activities                               339,664                303,469               215,287
  Cash flow used in investing activities                                  (573,363)              (654,996)           (2,179,215)
  Cash flow provided by (used in) financing activities                     502,621                351,396             1,958,534
  Total square feet at end of year                                          37,926                 35,621                31,077
  Occupancy rate at end of year                                              98.9%                  98.4%                 97.1%

<CAPTION>
                                                                                           -------------------------------------
                                                                          The Company              The Predecessor Group
                                                                       ------------------  -------------------------------------
                                                                          Period from         Period from
                                                                         June 23, 1997       January 1, 1997      Year ended
                                                                              to                    to           December 31,
(in thousands, except per share data)                                  December 31, 1997      June 22, 1997         1996
================================================================================================================================
<S>                                                                           <C>                   <C>            <C>
Statement of Operations Information
Total revenue                                                                 $   145,643           $ 129,818      $  269,933
                                                                              -----------           ---------      ----------
Expenses:
  Property                                                                         40,093              27,032          58,195
  Hotel                                                                                --              22,452          46,734
  General and administrative                                                        6,689               5,116          10,754
  Interest                                                                         38,264              53,324         109,394
  Depreciation and amortization                                                    21,719              17,054          36,199
                                                                              -----------           ---------      ----------
  Income before minority interests and unconsilidated joint
    venture income                                                                 38,878               4,840           8,657
  Income from unconsolidated joint ventures                                            --                  --              --
  Minority interests                                                              (11,652)               (235)           (384)
                                                                              -----------           ---------      ----------
  Income before gain (loss) on sale of real estate                                 27,226               4,605           8,273
  Gain (loss) on sale of real estate, net of minority interest                         --                  --              --
                                                                              -----------           ---------      ----------
  Income before extraordinary items                                                27,226               4,605           8,273
  Extraordinary gain (loss), net of minority interest                               7,925                  --            (994)
                                                                              -----------           ---------      ----------
  Net income before preferred dividend                                             35,151               4,605           7,279
  Preferred dividend                                                                   --                  --              --
                                                                              -----------           ---------      ----------
  Net income available to common shareholders                                 $    35,151           $   4,605      $    7,279
                                                                              ===========           =========      ==========
  Basic earnings per share:
    Income before extraordinary items                                         $      0.70                  --              --
    Extraordinary gain (loss), net of minority interest                              0.21                  --              --
                                                                              -----------           ---------      ----------
    Net income                                                                $      0.91                  --              --
                                                                              ===========           =========      ==========
    Weighted average number of common shares outstanding                           38,694                  --              --
  Diluted earnings per share:
    Income before extraordinary items                                         $      0.70                  --              --
    Extraordinary gain (loss), net of minority interest                              0.20                  --              --
                                                                              -----------           ---------      ----------
    Net income                                                                $      0.90                  --              --
                                                                              ===========           =========      ==========
    Weighted average number of common and common
      equivalent shares outstanding                                                39,108                  --              --

Balance Sheet Information:
  Real estate, gross                                                          $ 1,796,500                  --      $1,035,571
  Real estate, net                                                              1,502,282                  --         771,660
  Cash                                                                             17,560                  --           8,998
  Total assets                                                                  1,672,521                  --         896,511
  Total indebtedness                                                            1,332,253                  --       1,442,476
  Minority interests                                                              100,636                  --              --
  Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock                                               --                  --              --
  Stockholders' and owners' equity (deficit)                                      175,048                  --        (576,632)

Other Information:
  Funds from operations                                                            42,258                  --              --
  Dividends per share                                                                1.62  a               --              --
  Cash flow provided by operating activities                                       46,146              25,090          55,907
  Cash flow used in investing activities                                         (519,743)            (32,844)        (34,315)
  Cash flow provided by (used in) financing activities                            491,157               9,266         (38,461)
  Total square feet at end of year                                                 16,101                  --          10,424
  Occupancy rate at end of year                                                     98.4%                  --           94.2%
</TABLE>

  a - annualized


                                       30
<PAGE>

(1) The White Paper on Funds from Operations approved by the Board of Governors
of the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts in March 1995
defines funds from operations as net income (loss) (computed in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles), excluding gains (or losses) from debt
restructuring and sales of properties, plus real estate related depreciation and
amortization and after adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint
ventures. During 1999, the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts
clarified the definition of funds from operations to include non-recurring
events, except for those that are defined as "extraordinary items" under
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States and gains and
losses from sales of depreciable operating properties. This clarification is
effective for periods ending subsequent to January 1, 2000. We adopted this
definition for the quarters ending on or after March 31, 2000. We believe that
funds from operations is helpful to investors as a measure of the performance of
an equity REIT because, along with cash flow from operating activities,
financing activities and investing activities, it provides investors with an
indication of our ability to incur and service debt, to make capital
expenditures and to fund other cash needs. We compute funds from operations in
accordance with standards established by the National Association of Real Estate
Investment Trusts which may not be comparable to funds from operations reported
by other REITs that do not define the term in accordance with the current
National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts definition or that
interpret the current National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts
definition differently. Funds from operations does not represent cash generated
from operating activities determined in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States and should not be considered as an
alternative to net income (determined in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States) as a measure of our liquidity, nor is
it indicative of funds available to fund our cash needs, including our ability
to make cash distributions.

Our funds from operations for the respective periods is calculated as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                      The Company
                                                              --------------------------------------------------------
                                                                    Year ended December 31,            Period from
                                                              -----------------------------------    June 23, 1997 to
(in thousands)                                                  2000         1999         1998       December 31, 1997
======================================================================================================================
<S>                                                           <C>          <C>          <C>              <C>
Income before minority interests and unconsolidated
  joint venture income                                        $ 228,779    $ 182,372    $ 140,575        $  38,878

Add:
     Real estate depreciation and amortization                  134,386      119,583       74,649           21,417
     Income from unconsolidated joint ventures                    1,758          468           --
Less:
     Minority property partnership's share
        of funds from operations                                 (1,061)      (3,681)      (4,185)            (287)
     Preferred dividends and distributions                      (32,994)     (32,111)      (5,830)              --
     Non-recurring item - significant lease termination fee          --           --           --               --
                                                              ---------    ---------    ---------        ---------

Funds from operations                                         $ 330,868    $ 266,631    $ 205,209        $  60,008
                                                              =========    =========    =========        =========

Funds from operations available to common shareholders        $ 247,371    $ 196,101    $ 153,045        $  42,258
                                                              =========    =========    =========        =========

Weighted average shares outstanding - basic                      71,424       66,235       60,776           38,694
                                                              =========    =========    =========        =========

<CAPTION>
                                                                    The Predecessor Group
                                                              --------------------------------
                                                                Period from        Year ended
                                                              January 1, 1997     December 31,
(in thousands)                                                to June 22, 1997        1996
==============================================================================================
<S>                                                              <C>               <C>
Income before minority interests and unconsolidated
  joint venture income                                           $   4,840         $   8,657

Add:
     Real estate depreciation and amortization                      16,808            35,643
     Income from unconsolidated joint ventures
Less:
     Minority property partnership's share
        of funds from operations                                      (198)             (479)
     Preferred dividends and distributions                              --                --
     Non-recurring item - significant lease termination fee             --            (7,503)
                                                                 ---------         ---------

Funds from operations                                            $  21,450         $  36,318
                                                                 =========         =========

Funds from operations available to common shareholders                  --                --
                                                                 =========         =========

Weighted average shares outstanding - basic                             --                --
                                                                 =========         =========
</TABLE>

Reconciliation to Diluted Funds from Operations:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                        For the year ended              For the year ended
                                                         December 31, 2000               December 31, 1999
                                                    ----------------------------    ----------------------------
                                                      Income       Shares/Units       Income       Shares/Units
(in thousands)                                      (Numerator)    (Denominator)    (Numerator)    (Denominator)
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                  <C>              <C>            <C>              <C>
Basic Funds from Operations                          $ 330,868         95,532        $ 266,631         90,058
Effect of Dilutive Securities
    Convertible Preferred Units                         26,422         10,393           26,428         10,360
    Convertible Preferred Stock                          6,572          2,625            5,834          2,337
    Stock Options                                           --          1,280               --            541
                                                     ---------        -------        ---------        -------
Diluted Funds from Operations                        $ 363,862        109,830        $ 298,893        103,296
                                                     =========        =======        =========        =======
Company's share of Diluted Funds from Operations     $ 283,994         85,723        $ 229,961         79,473
                                                     =========        =======        =========        =======

<CAPTION>
                                                                                        For the period from
                                                        For the year ended               June 23, 1997 to
                                                         December 31, 1998              December 31, 1997
                                                     ---------------------------    ----------------------------
                                                      Income       Shares/Units       Income        Shares/Units
(in thousands)                                      (Numerator)    (Denominator)    (Numerator)    (Denominator)
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                  <C>               <C>           <C>               <C>
Basic Funds from Operations                          $ 205,209         81,487        $ 60,008          54,950
Effect of Dilutive Securities
    Convertible Preferred Units                          2,819          1,135              --              --
    Convertible Preferred Stock                             --             --              --              --
    Stock Options                                           --            532              --             414
                                                     ---------         ------        --------          ------
Diluted Funds from Operations                        $ 208,028         83,154        $ 60,008          55,364
                                                     =========         ======        ========          ======
Company's share of Diluted Funds from Operations     $ 156,215         62,443        $ 42,258          39,108
                                                     =========         ======        ========          ======
</TABLE>


                                       31
<PAGE>

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations

      The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the selected
financial data and the historical consolidated and combined financial statements
and related notes thereto.

Forward-Looking Statements

      Statements made under the caption "Risk Factors," elsewhere in this Form
10-K, in our press releases, and in oral statements we make by or with the
approval of our authorized executives are "forward-looking statements" within
the meaning of federal securities laws. When we use the words "anticipate,"
"assume," "believe," "estimate," "expect," "intend" and other similar
expressions, they generally identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking
statements include, for example, statements relating to acquisitions and related
financial information, development activities, business strategy and prospects,
future capital expenditures, sources and availability of capital, environmental
and other regulations, and competition.

      You should exercise caution in interpreting and relying on forward-looking
statements since they involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other
factors which are, in some cases, beyond our control and could materially affect
our actual results, performance or achievements. Some of the factors that could
cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from
those expressed or implied by forward-looking statements include, but are not
limited to, the following:

      o     we are subject to general risks affecting the real estate industry,
            such as the need to enter into new leases or renew leases on
            favorable terms to generate rental revenues, and dependence on our
            tenants' financial condition;

      o     we may fail to identify, acquire, construct or develop additional
            properties; we may develop properties that do not produce a desired
            yield on invested capital; or we may fail to effectively integrate
            acquisitions of properties or portfolios of properties;

      o     financing may not be available, or may not be available on favorable
            terms;

      o     we need to make distributions to our stockholders for us to qualify
            as a real estate investment trust, and if we need to borrow the
            funds to make such distributions such borrowings may not be
            available on favorable terms;

      o     we depend on the primary markets where our properties are located
            and these markets may be adversely affected by local economic and
            market conditions which are beyond our control;

      o     we are subject to potential environmental liabilities;

      o     we are subject to complex regulations relating to our status as a
            real estate investment


                                       32
<PAGE>

            trust and would be adversely affected if we failed to qualify as a
            real estate investment trust; and

      o     market interest rates could adversely affect the market prices for
            our common stock, as well as our performance and cash flow.

      We caution you that, while forward-looking statements reflect our good
faith beliefs when we make them, they are not guarantees of future performance
and are impacted by actual events when they occur after we make such statements.
We expressly disclaim any obligation to publicly update or revise any
forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events
or otherwise.

Overview

      We are a fully integrated, self-administered and self-managed real estate
investment trust or "REIT" and are one of the largest owners and developers of
office and industrial properties in the United States. Our properties are
concentrated in four core markets - Boston, Washington, D.C., midtown Manhattan
and San Francisco. We conduct substantially all of our business through Boston
Properties Limited Partnership. At December 31, 2000, we owned 145 properties
totaling 37.9 million net rentable square feet, including 15 properties under
construction. The properties consisted of 134 office properties, including 103
Class A office buildings and 31 properties that support both office and
technical uses; eight industrial properties; and three hotels.

      In 2000, we continued to identify and complete attractive acquisitions and
development transactions. During 2000, we added 2.1 million net rentable square
feet to our portfolio by completing acquisitions totaling approximately $167.7
million and completing developments totaling approximately $108.5 million. In
addition, as of December 31, 2000, we had construction in progress representing
a total anticipated investment of approximately $1.3 billion and a total of
approximately 4.5 million net rentable square feet.

      We are focused on increasing the cash flow from our existing portfolio of
properties by maintaining high occupancy levels and increasing effective rents.
On the 3.8 million net-rentable square feet of second generation space renewed
or re-leased during the year, new net rents were on average approximately 47.1%
higher than the expiring net rents. At December 31 2000, our portfolio of office
and industrial properties was 98.9% occupied.

      We also continue to strengthen our balance sheet. In October 2000, we
raised $633.8 million, net of expenses, in equity capital by completing a public
offering of our common stock. In 2000 we also issued shares of our common stock
and common and preferred units in Boston Properties Limited Partnership that
were valued when issued at $62.9 million to acquire properties and development
sites.

Results of Operations

      The following discussion is based on our Consolidated Financial Statements
for the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998.


                                       33
<PAGE>

      From January 1, 1998 through December 31, 2000, we increased our total
from 92 properties to 145 properties and from 16.1 million net rentable square
feet to 37.9 million net rentable square feet. As a result of this rapid growth
of our total portfolio, the financial data presented below shows significant
changes in revenues and expenses from period to period. We do not believe our
period to period financial data are comparable. Therefore, the comparison of
operating results for the years ended December 30, 2000, 1999 and 1998 show
changes resulting from properties that we owned for each period compared (for
which each comparison we refer to as our "Same Property Portfolio") and the
changes attributable to our total portfolio.

Comparison of the year ended December 31, 2000 to the year ended December 31,
1999

      The table below shows selected operating information for our total
portfolio and the 106 buildings acquired or placed in service on or prior to
January 1, 1999 and that remained in the total portfolio through December 31,
2000 (which comprise the Same Property Portfolio for the years ended December
31, 2000 and 1999):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                Same Property Portfolio
                                                   ----------------------------------------------
                                                                             Increase/
(dollars in thousands)                               2000          1999     (Decrease)   % Change
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                <C>          <C>          <C>           <C>
Revenue:
    Rental Revenue                                 $ 766,141    $ 717,654    $ 48,487      6.76%
    Development and management services                   --           --          --        --
    Interest and other                                    --           --          --        --
                                                   ---------    ---------    --------      ----
        Total revenue                                766,141      717,654      48,487      6.76%
                                                   ---------    ---------    --------      ----
Expenses:
    Operating                                        237,107      230,178       6,929      3.01%
    General and administrative                            --           --          --        --
    Interest                                              --           --          --        --
    Depreciation and amortization                    117,863      112,463       5,400      4.80%
                                                   ---------    ---------    --------      ----
        Total expenses                               354,970      342,641      12,329      3.60%
                                                   ---------    ---------    --------      ----
    Income before minority interests
        and unconsolidated joint venture income    $ 411,171    $ 375,013    $ 36,158      9.64%
                                                   =========    =========    ========      ====

<CAPTION>
                                                                   Total Portfolio
                                                   ----------------------------------------------
                                                                             Increase/
(dollars in thousands)                                2000         1999      (Decrease)  % Change
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                <C>          <C>           <C>        <C>
Revenue:
    Rental Revenue                                 $ 858,942    $ 765,417     $ 93,525    12.22%
    Development and management services               11,837       14,708       (2,871)  -19.52%
    Interest and other                                 8,574        6,439        2,135    33.16%
                                                   ---------    ---------     --------    -----
        Total revenue                                879,353      786,564       92,789    11.80%
                                                   ---------    ---------     --------    -----
Expenses:
    Operating                                        264,701      249,268       15,433     6.19%
    General and administrative                        35,659       29,455        6,204    21.06%
    Interest                                         217,064      205,410       11,654     5.67%
    Depreciation and amortization                    133,150      120,059       13,091    10.90%
                                                   ---------    ---------     --------    -----
        Total expenses                               650,574      604,192       46,382     7.68%
                                                   ---------    ---------     --------    -----
    Income before minority interests
        and unconsolidated joint venture income    $ 228,779    $ 182,372     $ 46,407    25.45%
                                                   =========    =========     ========   ======
</TABLE>

      The increase in rental revenues in our Same Property Portfolio for these
years is primarily a result of an overall increase in rental rates on new leases
and rollovers, in addition to an increase in occupancy from year to year and an
increase in termination fees from $2.3 million to $3.3 million. The occupancy
for our Same Property Portfolio increased from 97.4% as of December 31, 1999 to
98.8% as of December 31, 2000. The increase in rental revenues in our total
portfolio is primarily the result of properties we acquired or placed-in-service
after January 1, 1998.

      The decrease in development and management services income in the total
portfolio is mainly due to contracts expiring during 1999 and 2000.

      The increase in interest and other income in the total portfolio is a
result of interest earned on proceeds received from the public offering of our
common stock in October 2000.

      Property operating expenses (real estate taxes, utilities, repairs and
maintenance, cleaning and other property-related expenses) in our Same Property
Portfolio increased mainly due to increases in real estate taxes of $4.0
million, or 4.2%. Small increases in other property-related expenses account for
the remaining increase. Property operating expenses in our total portfolio


                                       34
<PAGE>

increased due to properties we acquired or placed-in-service after January 1,
1999 as well as increases in other property-related expenses.

      General and administrative expenses increased due to increases in the
overall size of our total portfolio since January 1, 1999. In addition, we
incurred a $3.0 million charge related to the departure of two senior employees,
which included a non-cash charge of approximately $2.0 million.

      Interest expense for our total portfolio increased due to net increase in
mortgage indebtedness and our unsecured revolving line of credit with Fleet
National Bank, as agent, from $3.3 billion to $3.4 billion.

      Depreciation and amortization expense for our Same Property Portfolio
increased as a result of capital and tenant improvements made during 2000.
Depreciation and amortization expense for our total portfolio increased as a
result of properties we acquired or placed-in-service after January 1, 2000 and
that remained in our total portfolio through December 31, 2000 and related
capital and tenant improvements.

Comparison of the year ended December 31, 1999 to the year ended December 31,
1998:

      The table below shows selected operating information for our total
portfolio and the 76 buildings acquired or placed in service on or prior to
January 1, 1998 and that remained in the total portfolio through December 31,
1999 (which comprise the Same Property Portfolio for the years ended December
31, 1999 and 1998):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                Same Property Portfolio
                                                   ----------------------------------------------
                                                                             Increase/
(dollars in thousands)                               1999          1998     (Decrease)   % Change
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                <C>          <C>          <C>           <C>
Revenue:
    Rental Revenue                                 $ 353,470    $ 337,886    $ 15,584      4.61%
    Development and management services                   --           --          --        --
    Interest and other                                    --           --          --        --
                                                   ---------    ---------    --------      ----
        Total revenue                                353,470      337,886      15,584      4.61%
                                                   ---------    ---------    --------      ----
Expenses:
    Operating                                        104,048      100,726       3,322      3.30%
    General and administrative                            --           --          --        --
    Interest                                              --           --          --        --
    Depreciation and amortization                     51,494       50,083       1,411      2.82%
                                                   ---------    ---------    --------      ----
        Total expenses                               155,542      150,809       4,733      3.14%
                                                   ---------    ---------    --------      ----
    Income before minority interests
        and unconsolidated joint venture income    $ 197,928    $ 187,077    $ 10,851      5.80%
                                                   =========    =========    ========      ====

<CAPTION>
                                                                   Total Portfolio
                                                   -----------------------------------------------
                                                                             Increase/
(dollars in thousands)                                1999         1998      (Decrease)   % Change
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                <C>          <C>           <C>        <C>
Revenue:
    Rental Revenue                                 $ 765,417    $ 487,577    $ 277,840    56.98%
    Development and management services               14,708       12,411        2,297    18.51%
    Interest and other                                 6,439       13,859       (7,420)  -53.54%
                                                   ---------    ---------     --------   ------
        Total revenue                                786,564      513,847      272,717    53.07%
                                                   ---------    ---------     --------   ------
Expenses:
    Operating                                        249,268      150,490       98,778    65.64%
    General and administrative                        29,455       22,504        6,951    30.89%
    Interest                                         205,410      124,860       80,550    64.51%
    Depreciation and amortization                    120,059       75,418       44,641    59.19%
                                                   ---------    ---------     --------   ------
        Total expenses                               604,192      373,272      230,920    61.86%
                                                   ---------    ---------     --------   ------
    Income before minority interests
        and unconsolidated joint venture income    $ 182,372    $ 140,575     $ 41,797    29.73%
                                                   =========    =========     ========   ======
</TABLE>

      The increase in rental revenues in our Same Property Portfolio for these
years is primarily a result of an overall increase in rental rates on new leases
and rollovers as well as an increase in termination fees from $0.7 million to
$2.3 million, offset by a small decrease in occupancy from year to year. The
occupancy for our Same Property Portfolio decreased from 97.8% as of December
31, 1998 to 97.4% as of December 31, 1999. The increase in rental revenues in
our total portfolio is primarily the result of properties we acquired or
placed-in-service after January 1, 1998.


                                       35
<PAGE>

      The increase in development and management services income in our total
portfolio is a result of fees earned on new projects begun during the year, and
increased fees on projects in progress.

      The decrease in interest and other income in our total portfolio is a
result of less cash and cash equivalents on deposit during 1999. During 1998,
our average cash balances were higher due to $765.0 million of net proceeds
received from a public offering of our common stock in January 1998.

      Property operating expenses (real estate taxes, utilities, repairs and
maintenance, cleaning and other property-related expenses) in our Same Property
Portfolio increased mainly due to real estate taxes. Real estate taxes increased
approximately $1.0 million due to higher property tax assessments. Small
increases in other property-related expenses account for the remaining increase.
Property operating expenses in our total portfolio increased mainly due to
properties we acquired or placed-in service after January 1, 1998.

      General and administrative expenses increased due to the significant
increase in the size of our total portfolio since January 1, 1998. We hired
additional employees as a result of acquisitions.

      Interest expense for our total portfolio increased due to an increase in
mortgage indebtedness and an increase in borrowing under our unsecured revolving
line of credit with Fleet National Bank, as agent.

      Depreciation and amortization expense for our Same Property Portfolio
increased as a result of capital and tenant improvements made during 1999.
Depreciation and amortization expense for our total portfolio increased
primarily as a result of properties we acquired or placed- in-service after
January 1, 1998 and related capital and tenant improvements.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

      Cash and cash equivalents were $281.0 million and $12.0 million at
December 31, 2000 and December 31, 1999, respectively. The increase was a result
of the following increases and decreases in cash flows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                             Year Ended December 31,
(in millions)                                  2000           1999         $ Change
                                               ----           ----         --------
<S>                                          <C>            <C>             <C>
Cash Provided by Operating Activities         $339.7         $303.5         $ 36.2
Cash Used for Investing Activities           ($573.4)       ($655.0)        $ 81.6
Cash Provided by Financing Activities         $502.6         $351.4         $151.2
</TABLE>

      The increase in cash provided by operating activities is primarily due to
the increase in net income resulting from the 1999 and 2000 property
acquisitions and developments placed-in- service and our 2000 Same Property
Portfolio.

      Net cash used for investing activities decreased from $655.0 million for
the year ended


                                       36
<PAGE>

December 31, 1999 to $573.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2000 mainly
due to fewer property acquisitions during 2000. The cash and capital used in the
2000 investing activities was primarily for the following transactions:

Acquisitions, Dispositions  and Development Transactions

      o     On January 12, 2000, we acquired our joint venture partner's 75%
            interest in One and Two Reston Overlook, for cash of approximately
            $15.2 million and the assumption of approximately $69.0 million in
            debt.

      o     On March 1, 2000, we acquired three Class A office buildings
            totaling approximately 408,163 square feet at Carnegie Center in
            Princeton, New Jersey, under the terms of the original Carnegie
            Center Portfolio acquisition entered into in June 1998. We acquired
            the properties from a related party for approximately $66.5 million,
            which was funded through the assumption of debt of approximately
            $49.0 million at a rate of 7.39% and the issuance of 577,817 common
            units of partnership interest in Boston Properties Limited
            Partnership valued at approximately $17.5 million. The acquisition
            was reviewed and approved by a vote of our independent directors.

      o     On May 12, 2000, an unrelated third party acquired partial interests
            in two properties that we previously owned in their entirety. We
            retained a 51% interest in the first property, Metropolitan Square,
            a 582,194-square foot office property in Washington, DC and a 25%
            interest in the second property, 140 Kendrick Street, a
            381,000-square foot build-to-suit development property in Needham,
            Massachusetts. The interests in the properties were acquired for
            cash of approximately $46.7 million and the assumption of debt of
            approximately $88.2 million and resulted in a gain to us of $0.4
            million.

      o     On August 22, 2000, we acquired the remaining 50% interest in the
            development rights at the Prudential Center in Boston, Massachusetts
            for approximately $18.2 million, which was funded through the
            issuance of 439,059 shares of our common stock.

      o     On September 13, 2000, we acquired a 35% interest in 265 Franklin
            Street, a 325,699 square foot office property in Boston,
            Massachusetts through a joint venture. Our interest in this property
            was acquired with cash of approximately $10.6 million and new debt
            financing of approximately $23.8 million.

      o     On September 29, 2000, we sold 910 and 930 Clopper Road, two
            office/technical use properties totaling 240,596 square feet in
            Gaithersburg, Maryland for approximately $24.1 million. This sale
            resulted in a loss to us of approximately $0.8 million.

      o     On October 13, 2000, we sold 1950 Stanford Court, a single story
            industrial building totaling 53,250 square feet, and an adjacent
            parcel of land totaling approximately 2 acres in Landover, Maryland,
            for approximately $2.2 million. This sale resulted in a gain to us
            of approximately $0.1 million.

      o     On December 1, 2000, we acquired the leasehold interest and ground
            rent credits at the site of the future Times Square Tower in midtown
            Manhattan, for approximately $165.1 million in cash. This
            development will consist of a 47-floor, 1.2 million square foot
            office tower.

      o     We acquired additional land parcels in Greater Boston, Greater
            Washington, D.C. and Greater San Francisco for potential future
            developments for an aggregate amount of


                                       37
<PAGE>

            approximately $39.7 million, of which approximately $12.5 million
            was funded with cash and approximately $27.2 million was funded
            through the issuance of common and preferred units of Boston
            Properties Limited Partnership.

      o     We placed six Class A office buildings in service which resulted in
            a total investment during 2000 of approximately $43.4 million. We
            began or continued construction on additional Class A office
            buildings and incurred approximately $319.6 million of construction
            costs during 2000. Our properties under construction as of December
            31, 2000 were as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                            # of
Properties Under Construction                             Location         Buildings   Square feet
-----------------------------                             --------         ---------   -----------
<S>                                                                          <C>          <C>
Class A Office Buildings
     302 Carnegie Center                            Princeton, NJ             1              64,565
     New Dominion Tech Park - Building 1            Herndon, VA               1             235,201
     2600 Tower Oaks Boulevard                      Rockville, MD             1             178,216
     Broad Run Business Park- Building E            Dulles, VA                1             124,650
     Orbital Sciences Phase II - Building 2         Dulles, VA                1             160,502
     Quorum Office Park                             Chelmsford, MA            2             259,918
     111 Huntington Avenue - Prudential Center      Boston, MA                1             890,000
     5 Times Square                                 New York, NY              1           1,099,154
     One and Two Discovery Square (50% ownership)   Reston, VA                2             362,868
     Waltham Weston Corporate Center                Waltham, MA               1             295,000
     Andover Office Park, Building 1                Andover, MA               1             120,000
     611 Gateway Boulevard                          S. San Francisco, CA      1             249,732
     Two Freedom Square (50% ownership)             Reston, VA                1             417,113
                                                                           --------   --------------

Total Construction Properties                                                15           4,456,919
                                                                           ========   ==============

<CAPTION>
                                                                       Anticipated
                                                      Investment          Total
Properties Under Construction                           to Date        Investment
-----------------------------                           -------        ----------
<S>                                                  <C>             <C>
Class A Office Buildings
     302 Carnegie Center                             $  10,085,110   $   13,435,000
     New Dominion Tech Park - Building 1                41,870,052       48,770,000
     2600 Tower Oaks Boulevard                          26,314,660       38,295,000
     Broad Run Business Park- Building E                 6,531,465       14,696,000
     Orbital Sciences Phase II - Building 2             13,641,517       27,618,000
     Quorum Office Park                                 16,164,660       41,747,000
     111 Huntington Avenue - Prudential Center         164,195,234      291,637,000
     5 Times Square                                    281,044,727      536,115,000
     One and Two Discovery Square (50% ownership)       10,609,713       42,587,000 (1)
     Waltham Weston Corporate Center                    20,533,037       95,446,000
     Andover Office Park, Building 1                     8,380,612       17,381,000
     611 Gateway Boulevard                               8,664,576       77,523,240
     Two Freedom Square (50% ownership)                  8,896,757       49,336,000 (1)
                                                    ---------------  ---------------

Total Construction Properties                        $ 616,932,120   $1,294,586,240
                                                    ===============  ===============
</TABLE>

(1) Represents our share of the investment.

      In addition, we incurred costs of approximately $37.0 million on
properties in the preconstruction phase of the development process.

      Cash provided by financing activities increased by $151.2 million for
2000, compared to the year ended 1999. During 2000, we received proceeds from
new debt totaling approximately $976.4 million. This was offset by $525.2
million of paydowns and principal payments during 2000. The remaining increase
is mainly due to the increase in proceeds received from the public offering
described below.

      Recent Equity Financing

      On October 31, 2000, we completed a public offering of 17,110,000 shares
of our common stock (including 2,110,000 shares issued pursuant to the exercise
of the underwriters' overallotment option) at a price per share of $39.0625. Our
proceeds from this public offering, net of underwriter's discount and offering
costs, were approximately $633.8 million.

      Market Risk

      Market risk is the risk of loss from adverse changes in market prices and
interest rates. Our future earnings, cash flows and fair values relevant to
financial instruments are dependent upon prevalent market interest rates. Our
primary market risk results from our long-term indebtedness, which bears
interest at fixed and variable rates. The fair value of our long-term debt
obligation is affected by changes in the market interest rates. We manage our
market risk by matching long-term leases with long-term fixed rate non-recourse
debt of similar duration. In


                                       38
<PAGE>

addition, we maintain a major unencumbered portion of our portfolio. We continue
to follow a conservative strategy of pre-leasing development projects on a
long-term basis to strong tenants in order to achieve the most favorable
construction and permanent financing terms. Approximately 85% of our outstanding
debt has fixed interest rates, which minimizes the interest rate risk until the
maturity of such outstanding debt.

      We have entered into hedging arrangements with financial institutions. Our
primary objective when undertaking hedging transactions and derivative positions
is to reduce our floating rate exposure, which, in turn, reduces the risks that
the variability of cash flows imposes on variable rate debt. Our strategy
protects us against future increases in interest rates. At December 31, 2000, we
had hedge contracts totaling $450.0 million. The hedging agreements provide for
a fixed interest rate when the London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") is less
than 5.76% and when LIBOR is greater than 6.35% or 7.95% for terms ranging from
three to five years per the individual hedging agreements. In addition, we have
an interest rate swap agreement for a total of $213.0 million which provides for
a fixed interest rate of 6.0% through September 11, 2002. We will consider
entering into additional hedging agreements with respect to all or a portion of
our variable rate debt. We may borrow additional money with variable rates in
the future. Increases in interest rates could increase interest expense, which
in turn, could affect cash flow and our ability to service our debt. As a result
of the hedging agreements, decreases in interest rates could increase interest
expense as compared to the underlying variable rate debt and could result in us
making payments to unwind such agreements.

      At December 31, 2000, our variable rate debt outstanding was approximately
$404.1 million. At December 31, 2000, the average interest rate on variable rate
debt was approximately 8.56%. Taking the hedging contracts into consideration,
if market interest rates on our variable rate debt were to increase by ten
percent (approximately 86 basis points), total interest would increase
approximately $1.7 million.

      These amounts were determined solely by considering the impact of
hypothetical interest rates on our financial instruments. Due to the uncertainty
of specific actions we may undertake to minimize possible effects of market
interest rate increases, this analysis assume no changes in our financial
structure.

      Capitalization

      At December 31, 2000, our total consolidated debt was approximately $3.4
billion. The weighted average rate of our consolidated indebtedness was 7.37%
and the weighted average maturity was approximately 6.2 years.

      Our total market capitalization was approximately $8.8 billion at December
31, 2000. Total market capitalization was calculated using the December 31, 2000
closing stock price of $43.50 per share and includes the following: (1)
86,630,089 shares of our common stock, (2) 23,862,206 of common units of Boston
Properties Limited Partnership (excluding common units held by Boston
Properties, Inc.), (3) an aggregate of 11,021,064 common units issuable upon
conversion of all Series One, Two, Three and Z preferred units, (4) 2,624,672
shares of our common stock issuable upon conversion of all 2,000,000 shares of
our Series A preferred stock,


                                       39
<PAGE>

and (5) our consolidated debt. Our total consolidated debt at December 31, 2000
represented approximately 38.7% of our total market capitalization.

      Debt Financing

      The table below summarizes our mortgage notes and bonds payable and our
unsecured revolving line of credit with Fleet Boston, as agent, at December 31,
2000 and 1999:

                                            December 31,
                                      ------------------------
                                         2000          1999
                                         ----          ----
                                       (dollars in thousands)

DEBT SUMMARY:

Balance
  Fixed rate                          $3,010,760    $2,820,650
  Variable rate                          404,131       500,934
                                      ----------    ----------
    Total                             $3,414,891    $3,321,584
                                      ==========    ==========
Percent of total debt:
  Fixed rate                               88.17%        84.92%
  Variable rate                            11.83%        15.08%
                                      ----------    ----------
    Total                                 100.00%       100.00%
                                      ==========    ==========
Weighted average interest rate:
  Fixed rate                                7.21%         7.06%
  Variable rate                             8.56%         7.61%
                                      ----------    ----------
    Total                                   7.37%         7.14%
                                      ==========    ==========

      The variable rate debt shown above bears interest based on various spreads
over LIBOR or Eurodollar rates.

      We utilize our $605.0 million unsecured revolving line of credit
principally to fund development of properties, other land and property
acquisitions and for working capital purposes. Our unsecured revolving line of
credit is a recourse obligation of Boston Properties Limited Partnership. Our
ability to borrow under our unsecured revolving line of credit is subject to our
compliance with a number of customary financial and other covenants on an
ongoing basis, including: (1) loan-to-value ratio against our total borrowing
base not to exceed 55%, unless our leverage ratio exceeds 60%, in which case it
is not to exceed 50%, (2) a loan-to-value ratio against the total secured
borrowing base not to exceed 55%, (3) debt service coverage ratio of 1.40 for
our borrowing base, or 1.50 if our leverage ratio equals or exceeds 60%, and
1.30 for us as a whole for full fixed charges, (4) a leverage ratio not to
exceed 60%, however five consecutive quarters (not including the two quarters
prior to expiration) can go to 65% (5) an interest rate applicable to any
amounts drawn under our unsecured revolving line of credit for Eurodollar based
loans shall be equal to a floating rate based on a spread over Eurodollar equal
to 105 to 170 basis points, (6) limitations on additional indebtedness and
stockholder distributions, and (7) a minimum net worth requirement.

      At December 31, 2000, we had issued letters of credit totaling $3.3
million and had the ability to borrow an additional $601.7 million under our
unsecured revolving line of credit. As of March 14, 2001 there was zero
outstanding under our unsecured revolving line of credit.


                                       40
<PAGE>

The following table sets forth certain information regarding our mortgage notes
and bonds payable at December 31, 2000:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                             Interest
                  Properties                   Rate    Principal Amount        Maturity Date
                  ----------                   ----    ----------------        -------------
                                                         (in thousands)
<S>                                             <C>          <C>          <C>
Embarcadero Center One, Two and Federal
 Reserve                                        6.70%          $312,876   December 12, 2008
Prudential Center                               6.72%           291,896   July 1,2008
280 Park Avenue                                 7.65%           270,000   December 31, 2009
599 Lexington Avenue (1)                        7.00%           225,000   July 19, 2005
5 Times Square (2)                              8.66%           184,157   January 26, 2003
Embarcadero Center Four                         6.79%           154,549   February 1, 2008
875 Third Avenue (3)                            8.00%           150,959   December 31, 2002
Embarcadero Center Three                        6.40%           146,313   January 1, 2007
Two Independence Square (4)                     8.09%           116,377   February 27, 2003
Riverfront Plaza                                6.61%           115,647   February 1, 2008
Democracy Center                                7.05%           107,717   April 1, 2009
New Dominion Technology Park, Building 1          (5)            98,142   (5)
Embarcadero Center West Tower                   6.50%            97,587   January 1, 2006
100 East Pratt Street                           6.73%            91,851   November 1, 2008
601 and 651 Gateway Boulevard                   8.40%            89,888   October 1, 2010
111 Huntington Avenue (6)                       8.69%            76,041   September 27, 2002
One Independence Square (4)                     8.12%            74,114   August 21, 2001
Reservoir Place (7)                             6.88%            73,858   November 1, 2006
One & Two Reston Overlook                       7.45%            68,190   September 1, 2004
2300 N Street                                   6.88%            66,000   August 3, 2003
202, 206, 214 Carnegie Center                   8.13%            62,917   October 1, 2001
Capital Gallery                                 8.24%            57,161   August 15, 2006
504,506,508 Carnegie Center                     7.39%            48,312   January 1, 2008
10 and 20 Burlington Mall Road (8)              8.33%            37,000   October 1, 2001
10 Cambridge Center                             8.27%            35,741   May 1, 2010
1301 New York Avenue                              (9)            32,710   August 15, 2009
Eight Cambridge Center                          7.73%            28,412   July 15, 2010
Sumner Square (10)                              8.38%            28,298   April 22, 2004
510 Carnegie Center                             7.39%            27,653   January 1, 2008
Lockheed Martin Building                        6.61%            26,289   June 1, 2008
Orbital Sciences - Buildings One and Three
 (11)                                           8.35%            25,761   August 9, 2002
University Place                                6.94%            25,253   August 1, 2021
Reston Corporate Center                         6.56%            24,809   May 1, 2008
191 Spring Street                               8.50%            22,797   September 1, 2006
Bedford Business Park                           8.50%            21,717   December 10, 2008
NIMA Building                                   6.51%            21,495   June 1, 2008
2600 Tower Oaks Boulevard (12)                  8.59%            18,083   October 10, 2002
Quorum Office Park (13)                         8.34%            11,111   August 30, 2003
101 Carnegie Center                             7.66%             8,348   April 1, 2006
</TABLE>


                                       41
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                             Interest
                  Properties                   Rate    Principal Amount        Maturity Date
                  ----------                   ----    ----------------        -------------
                                                         (in thousands)
<S>                                             <C>          <C>          <C>
Orbital Sciences - Phase 2 (14)                 8.35%             8,032   June 13, 2003
Montvale Center                                 8.59%             7,564   December 1, 2006
40 Shattuck Road (15)                           8.53%             6,224   December 4, 2003
Newport Office Park                             8.13%             5,923   July 1, 2001
302 Carnegie Center (16)                        8.61%             5,893   March 15, 2003
Hilltop Business Center                         6.81%             5,738   March 1, 2019
201 Carnegie Center                             7.08%               488   February 1, 2010
                                                             ----------
Total                                                        $3,414,891
                                                             ==========
</TABLE>

(1)   At maturity the lender has the option to purchase a 33.33% interest in
      this property in exchange for the cancellation of the principal balance of
      $225.0 million.
(2)   Total construction loan in the amount of $420.0 million at a variable rate
      of Eurodollar + 2.00%.
(3)   The principal amount and interest rate shown have been adjusted to reflect
      the fair value of the note. The stated principal balance at December 31,
      2000 was $150.0 million and the interest rate was 8.75%.
(4)   The principal amount and interest rate shown have been adjusted to reflect
      the effective rates on the loans. The stated principal balances at
      December 31, 2000 were $116.8 million and $74.4 million, respectively. The
      stated interest rates are 8.50% and continue at such rates through the
      loan expiration.
(5)   Includes construction loan in the amount of $48.6 million which was paid
      off on January 31, 2001 and $57.6 million of bond financing which was
      being held in escrow until the New Dominion project was completed. The
      bond financing bears interest at a rate of 7.70% and matures in January
      2021.
(6)   Total construction loan in the amount of $203.0 million at a variable rate
      of LIBOR + 2.00%.
(7)   The principal amount and interest rate shown have been adjusted to reflect
      the fair value of the note. The stated principal balance at December 31,
      2000 was $65.5 million and the interest rate was 9.09%.
(8)   Includes outstanding indebtedness secured by 91 Hartwell Avenue and 92 and
      100 Hayden Avenue.
(9)   Includes outstanding principal in the amounts of $19.9 million, $8.4
      million and $4.4 million which bear interest at fixed rates of 6.70%,
      8.54% and 6.75%, respectively.
(10)  Outstanding principal bears interest at a floating rate equal to
      Eurodollar + 1.50%
(11)  Total construction loan in the amount of $27.0 million at a variable rate
      of Eurodollar + 1.65%.
(12)  Total construction loan in the amount of $32.0 million at a variable rate
      of LIBOR + 1.90%.
(13)  Total construction loan in the amount of $16.0 million at a variable rate
      of LIBOR + 1.75%.
(14)  Total construction loan in the amount of $25.1 million at a variable rate
      of Eurodollar + 1.65%.
(15)  Total construction loan in the amount of $16.0 million at a variable rate
      of LIBOR + 1.75%.
(16)  Total construction loan in the amount of $10.0 million at a variable rate
      of LIBOR + 1.90%.

NOTE: LIBOR and Eurodollar rate contracts in effect on December 31, 2000 ranged
from 6.56% to 6.82%. The LIBOR and Eurodollar rates at December 31, 2000 were
6.57% and 6.58%, respectively.

      We have determined that our estimated cash flows and available sources of
liquidity are adequate to meet liquidity needs for the next twelve months. We
believe that our principal liquidity needs for the next twelve months are to
fund normal recurring expenses, debt service requirements, current development
costs not covered under construction loans and the minimum distribution required
to maintain our REIT qualifications under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended. We believe that these needs will be fully funded from cash flows
provided by operating and financing activities.

      We expect to meet liquidity requirements for periods beyond twelve months
for the costs of development, property acquisitions, scheduled debt maturities,
major renovations, expansions and other non-recurring capital improvements
through construction loans, the incurrence of long-term secured and unsecured
indebtedness, income from operations and sales of real estate and possibly the
issuance of additional common and preferred units of Boston Properties Limited
Partnership and equity securities of Boston Properties, Inc. In addition, we may
finance the development, redevelopment or acquisition of additional properties
by using our unsecured


                                       42
<PAGE>

revolving line of credit.

      Rental revenues, operating expense reimbursement income from tenants, and
income from the operations are our principal sources of capital used to pay
operating expenses, debt service and recurring capital expenditures. We seek to
increase income from our existing properties by maintaining quality standards
for our properties that promote high occupancy rates and permit increases in
rental rates while reducing tenant turnover and controlling operating expenses.
Our sources of revenue include third party fees generated by our office and
industrial real estate management, leasing, development and construction
businesses. Consequently, we believe our revenue will continue to provide the
necessary funds for operating expenses, debt service and recurring capital
expenditures.

      During the year ended December 31, 2000, we paid or declared quarterly
dividends totaling $2.04 per common share (consisting of $.45 related to the
quarter ended March 31, 2000 and $.53 related to each of the quarters ended June
30, 2000, September 30, 2000 and December 31, 2000). We intend to continue
paying dividends quarterly.

Funds from Operations

      Pursuant to the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts
revised definition of Funds from Operations, we calculate Funds From Operations
by adjusting net income (loss) (computed in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States, including non-recurring
items), for gains (or losses) from debt restructuring and sales of properties
(except gains and losses from sales of depreciable operating properties), real
estate related depreciation and amortization and unconsolidated partnerships and
joint ventures. We believe that Funds From Operations is helpful to investors as
a measure of the performance of an equity REIT because, along with cash flow
from operating activities, financing activities and investing activities, it
provides investors with an indication of our ability to incur and service debt,
to make capital expenditures and to fund other cash needs. We compute Funds From
Operations in accordance with standards established by the National Association
of Real Estate Investment Trusts which may not be comparable to Funds From
Operations reported by other REITs that do not define the term in accordance
with the current National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts or that
interpret the definition differently. Funds From Operations does not represent
cash generated from operating activities determined in accordance with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States and should not be
considered as an alternative to net income (determined in accordance with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States) as a measure of
our liquidity, nor is it indicative of funds available to fund our cash needs,
including our ability to make cash distributions.

Environmental Matters

      Some of our properties are located in urban and industrial areas where
fill or current or historical industrial uses of the areas have caused site
contamination. With respect to all of our properties, independent environmental
consultants have been retained in the past to conduct or update Phase I
environmental assessments (which generally do not involve invasive techniques
such as soil or ground water sampling) and asbestos surveys. These environmental
assessments have not revealed any environmental conditions that we believe will
have a material adverse


                                       43
<PAGE>

effect on our business, assets or results of operations, and we are not aware of
any other environmental condition with respect to any of our properties which we
believe would have such a material adverse effect. However, we are aware of
environmental conditions at three of our properties that may require
remediation:

      On January 15, 1992, a property in Massachusetts was listed by the state
regulatory authority as an unclassified Confirmed Disposal Site in connection
with groundwater contamination. We engaged a specially licensed environmental
consultant to perform the necessary investigation and assessment and to prepare
submittals to the state regulatory authority. On August 1, 1997, our consultant
submitted to the state regulatory authority a Phase I - Limited Site
Investigation Report and Downgradient Property Status Opinion. This Opinion
concluded that the property qualifies for Downgradient Property Status under the
state regulatory program, which eliminates certain deadlines for conducting
response actions at a site and may qualify us for liability relief under recent
statutory amendments. Although we believe that the current or former owners of
the upgradient source properties may ultimately be responsible for some or all
of the costs of such response actions, we will take any necessary further
response actions.

      An investigation at another property in Massachusetts identified
groundwater contamination. We engaged a specially licensed environmental
consultant to perform the necessary investigation and assessment and to prepare
submittals to the state regulatory authority. On March 11, 1998, our consultant
submitted to the state regulatory authority a Release Notification and
Downgradient Property Status Opinion. This Opinion concluded that the property
qualifies for Downgradient Property Status under the state regulatory program,
which eliminates certain deadlines for conducting response actions at a site and
may qualify us for liability relief under recent statutory amendments. Although
we believe that the current or former owners of the upgradient source properties
may ultimately be responsible for some or all of the costs of such response
actions, we will take any necessary further response actions.

      In February 1999, one of our affiliates acquired from Exxon Corporation a
property in Massachusetts that was formerly used as a petroleum bulk storage and
distribution facility and was known by the state regulatory authority to contain
soil and groundwater contamination. We anticipate development of an office park
on the property. Pursuant to the property acquisition agreement, Exxon has
agreed to (1) bear the liability arising from releases or discharges of oil and
hazardous substances which occurred at the site prior to our ownership, (2)
continue remediating such releases and discharges as necessary and appropriate
to comply with applicable requirements, and (3) indemnify our affiliate for
certain losses arising from preexisting site conditions, including up to
$500,000 for the premium costs associated with construction-related management
of contaminated soil not otherwise subject to remediation by Exxon. Any
indemnity claim may be subject to various defenses. Our affiliate has engaged a
specially licensed environmental consultant to oversee the management of
contaminated soil that may be disturbed in the course of construction.

      We expect that any resolution of the environmental matters relating the
above will not have a material impact on our financial position, results of
operations or liquidity.


                                       44
<PAGE>

Newly Issued Accounting Standard

      As of January 1, 2001, we adopted Statement of Financial Accounting
Standard ("SFAS") No. 133, "Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging
Activities" as amended by SFAS No. 137 and No. 138 ("SFAS No. 133"). SFAS No.
133 establishes accounting and reporting standards for derivative instruments,
including certain derivative instruments embedded in other contracts, and
hedging activities. It requires the recognition of all derivative instruments as
assets or liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets at fair value. Changes
in the fair value of derivative instruments that are not designated as hedges or
that do not meet the hedge accounting criteria in SFAS No. 133 are required to
be reported in earnings. For derivatives designated as hedging instruments in
qualifying cash flow hedges, the effective portion of changes in fair value of
the derivatives are recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss until the
forecasted transactions occur and the ineffective portions are recognized in
earnings.

      The nature of our derivatives include investments in warrants to purchase
shares of common stock of other companies and interest rate agreements to
protect against changes in interest rates for variable rate debt. Based on the
terms of the warrant agreements, the warrants meet the definition of a
derivative and accordingly, must be marked to fair value through earnings. We
had been recording the warrants at fair value through other comprehensive loss
as available for sale securities under SFAS No. 115. We estimate that upon
adoption of SFAS No. 133, we will reclass approximately $6.8 million, the fair
value of the warrants, from accumulated other comprehensive loss to a cumulative
effect of a change in accounting principle. Our interest rate protection
agreements will be designated as hedging instruments in qualifying cash flow
hedges. As such, we estimate that, upon adoption of SFAS No. 133, we will record
an asset of approximately $0.2 million and record a liability of approximately
$11.4 million for the fair values of these agreements. The offset for these
entries will be to a cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle and
accumulated other comprehensive loss, respectively. Finally, we estimate we will
write-off deferred charges of approximately $1.6 million as a cumulative effect
of a change in accounting principle.

Inflation

      Substantially all of our leases provide for separate real estate tax and
operating expense escalations over a base amount. In addition, many of our
leases provide for fixed base rent increases or indexed increases. We believe
that inflationary increases may be at least partially offset by the contractual
rent increases described above.


                                       45
<PAGE>

Item 7a. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk

      Approximately $3.0 billion of our long-term debt bears interest at fixed
rates, and therefore the fair value of these instruments is affected by changes
in the market interest rates. The following table presents principal cash flows
based upon maturity dates of the debt obligations and the related
weighted-average interest rates by expected maturity dates for the fixed rate
debt. The interest rate on the variable rate debt as of December 31, 2000 ranged
from LIBOR or Eurodollar plus 1.50% to LIBOR or Eurodollar plus 2.00%.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                             Mortgage debt, including current portion (in thousands)
                        ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                          2001       2002       2003       2004       2005        2006+         Total      Fair Value
                          ----       ----       ----       ----       ----        -----         -----      ----------
<S>                     <C>         <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>          <C>           <C>
Fixed Rate ..........   $153,415    186,338    218,925    106,666    269,378    2,076,038    $3,010,760    $3,010,760
Average Interest Rate       7.93%      7.76%      7.54%      7.30%      7.01%        7.09%         7.21%           --
Variable Rate .......   $ 40,532    119,885    215,416     28,298         --           --    $  404,131    $  404,131
</TABLE>

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

      See "Index to Financial Statements" on page 54 this Form 10-K.

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and
        Financial Disclosures

      None.


                                       46
<PAGE>

                                    PART III

Item 10. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant

      The information concerning our directors and executive officers required
by Item 10 shall be included in the Proxy Statement to be filed relating to the
2001 Annual Meeting of our stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 11. Executive Compensation

      The information concerning our executive compensation required by Item 11
shall be included in the Proxy Statement to be filed relating to the 2001 Annual
Meeting of our stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 12. Security Ownership of Beneficial Owners and Management

      The information concerning our directors and executive officers required
by Item 12 shall be included in the Proxy Statement to be filed relating to the
2001 Annual Meeting of our stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions

      The information concerning our directors and executive officers required
by Item 13 shall be included in the Proxy Statement to be filed relating to the
2001 Annual Meeting of our stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference.


                                       47
<PAGE>

                                    PART IV

Item 14. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedule and Reports on Form 8-K

      (a) Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedule

      See "Index to Financial Statements" on page 54 of this Form 10-K.

      (b) Reports on Form 8-K

      We filed a report on Form 8-K on October 16, 2000 which included
information regarding Item 5. We filed this Form 8-K in connection with our
press release regarding our third quarter 2000 earnings and information
presented to investors and analysts.

      (c) Exhibits

Exhibit No.             Description
-----------             -----------

3.1   Form of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Boston
      Properties, Inc. (2)
3.2   Form of Amended and Restated Bylaws of Boston Properties, Inc. (2)
3.3   Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Bylaws of Boston Properties, Inc.
4.1   Form of Shareholder Rights Agreement dated as of June , 1997 between
      Boston Properties, Inc. and BankBoston, N.A., as Rights Agent. (2)
4.2   Form of Certificate of Designation for Series E Junior Participating
      Cumulative Preferred Stock, par value $.01 per share. (2)
4.3   Form of Certificate of Designations for the Series A Preferred Stock. (9)
4.4   Form of Common Stock Certificate. (2)
10.1  Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Boston
      Properties Limited Partnership, dated as of June 29, 1998. (6)


                                       48
<PAGE>

10.2  Certificate of Designations for the Series One Preferred Units, dated June
      30, 1998, constituting an amendment to the Second Amended and Restated
      Agreement of Limited Partnership of Boston Properties Limited Partnership.
      (6)
10.3  Certificate of Designations for the Series Two Preferred Units, dated
      November 12, 1998, constituting an amendment to the Second Amendment and
      Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Boston Properties Limited
      Partnership. (9)
10.4  Certificate of Designations for the Series Three Preferred Units, dated
      November 12, 1998, constituting an amendment to the Second Amended and
      Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Boston Properties Limited
      Partnership. (9)
10.5  Certificate of Designations for the Series Z Preferred Units, dated
      December 11, 2000, constituting an amendment to the Second Amended and
      Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Boston Properties Limited
      Partnership.
10.6  Amended and Restated 1997 Stock Option and Incentive Plan dated May 3,
      2000 and forms of option agreements.
10.7  Amendment #1 to Amended and Restated 1997 Stock Option and Incentive Plan
      dated November 14, 2000.
10.8  Form of Noncompetition Agreement between Boston Properties, Inc. and
      Mortimer B. Zuckerman. (2)
10.9  Form of Employment and Noncompetition Agreement between Boston Properties,
      Inc. and Edward H. Linde. (2)
10.10 Form of Employment Agreement between Boston Properties, Inc. and certain
      executive officers. (2)
10.11 Form of Indemnification Agreement between Boston Properties, Inc. and each
      of its directors and executive officers. (2)
10.12 Omnibus Option Agreement by and among Boston Properties Limited
      Partnership and the Grantors named therein dated as of April 9, 1997. (2)
10.13 Second Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement with Fleet National
      Bank, as agent, dated as of March 31, 2000. (10)
10.14 Amendment #1 to Second Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement
      with Fleet National Bank, as agent, dated as of September 20, 2000.
10.15 Form of Registration Rights Agreement among Boston Properties, Inc. and
      the holders named therein. (2)
10.16 Form of Lease Agreement dated as of June , 1997 between Edward H. Linde
      and Mortimer B. Zuckerman, as Trustees of Downtown Boston Properties
      Trust, and ZL Hotel LLC. (2)
10.17 Form of Lease Agreement dated as of June , 1997 between Edward H. Linde
      and Mortimer B. Zuckerman, as Trustees of Two Cambridge Center Trust, and
      ZL Hotel LLC. (2)
10.18 Form of Certificate of Incorporation of Boston Properties Management, Inc.
      (2)
10.19 Form of By-laws of Boston Properties Management, Inc. (2)
10.20 Form of Limited Liability Agreement of ZL Hotel LLC. (2)
10.21 Indemnification Agreement between Boston Properties Limited Partnership
      and Mortimer B. Zuckerman and Edward H. Linde. (2)
10.22 Compensation Agreement between Boston Properties, Inc. and Robert Selsam,
      dated as of August 10, 1995 relating to 90 Church Street.(2)
10.23 Contribution and Conveyance Agreement concerning the Carnegie Portfolio,
      dated June 30, 1998 by and among Boston Properties, Inc., Boston
      Properties Limited Partnership, and the parties named therein as Landis
      Parties. (6)


                                       49
<PAGE>

10.24 Contribution Agreement, dated June 30, 1998, by and among Boston
      Properties, Inc., Boston Properties Limited Partnership, and the parties
      named therein as Landis Parties. (6)
10.25 Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement, dated June 30, 1998 by and
      among Boston Properties, Inc., Boston Properties Limited Partnership and
      the parties named therein as Holders. (6)
10.26 Non-Competition Agreement, dated as of June 30, 1998, by and between Alan
      B. Landis and Boston Properties, Inc. (6)
10.27 Agreement Regarding Directorship, dated as of June 30, 1998, by and
      between Boston Properties, Inc. and Alan B. Landis. (6)
10.28 Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated May 7, 1998, by and between The
      Prudential Insurance Company of America and Boston Properties Limited
      Partnership. (7)
10.29 Contribution Agreement, dated as of May 7, 1998, by and between The
      Prudential Insurance Company of America and Boston Properties Limited
      Partnership. (7)
10.30 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of July 2, 1998, by and among the
      Registrant, Strategic Value Investors II, LLC and The Prudential Insurance
      Company of America. (7)
10.31 Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of November 12, 1998, by and between
      Two Embarcadero Center West and BP OFR LLC. (9)
10.32 Contribution Agreement, dated as of November 12, 1998, by and among Boston
      Properties, Inc., Boston Properties Limited Partnership, Embarcadero
      Center Investors Partnership and the partners in Embarcadero Center
      Investors Partnership listed on Exhibit A thereto. (9)
10.33 Contribution Agreement, dated as of November 12, 1998, by and among Boston
      Properties, Inc., Boston Properties Limited Partnership, Three Embarcadero
      Center West and the partners in Three Embarcadero Center West listed on
      Exhibit A thereto. (9)
10.34 Three Embarcadero Center West Redemption Agreement, dated as of November
      12, 1998, by and among Three Embarcadero Center West, Boston Properties
      Limited Partnership, BP EC West LLC, The Prudential Insurance Company of
      America, PIC Realty Corporation and Prudential Realty Securities II,
      Inc.(9)
10.35 Three Embarcadero Center West Property Contribution Agreement, dated as of
      November 12, 1998, by and among Three Embarcadero Center West, The
      Prudential Insurance Company of America, PIC Realty Corporation,
      Prudential Realty Securities II, Inc., Boston Properties Limited
      Partnership, Boston Properties, Inc. and BP EC West LLC. (9)
10.36 Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement, dated November 12, 1998, by and
      among Boston Properties, Inc., Boston Properties Limited Partnership and
      the Holders named therein.(9)
10.37 Third Amended and Restated Partnership Agreement of One Embarcadero Center
      Venture, dated as of November 12, 1998, by and between Boston Properties
      LLC, as managing general partner, BP EC1 Holdings LLC, as non-managing
      general partner, and PIC Realty Corporation, as non-managing general
      partner. (9)
10.38 Third Amended and Restated Partnership Agreement of Embarcadero Center
      Associates, dated as of November 12, 1998, by and between BP LLC, as
      managing general partner, BP EC2 Holdings LLC, as non-managing general
      partner, and PIC Realty Corporation, as non- managing general partner. (9)


                                       50
<PAGE>

10.39 Second Amended and Restated Partnership Agreement of Three Embarcadero
      Center Venture, dated as of November 12, 1998, by and between Boston
      Properties LLC, as managing general partner, BP EC3 Holdings LLC, as non-
      managing general partner, and The Prudential Insurance Company of America,
      as non-managing general partner. (9)
10.40 Second Amended and Restated Partnership Agreement of Four Embarcadero
      Center Venture, dated as of November 12, 1998, by and between Boston
      Properties LLC, as managing general partner, BP EC4 Holdings LLC, as non-
      managing general partner, and The Prudential Insurance Company of America,
      as non-managing general partner. (9)
10.41 Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 12, 1998, by and between
      Prudential Realty Securities, Inc. and One Embarcadero Center Venture. (9)
10.42 Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 12, 1998, by and between
      Prudential Realty Securities, Inc. and Embarcadero Center Associates. (9)
10.43 Note Purchase Agreement, dated November 12, 1998, by and between
      Prudential Realty Securities, Inc. and Three Embarcadero Center Venture.
      (9)
10.44 Note Purchase Agreement, dated November 12, 1998, by and between
      Prudential Realty Securities, Inc. and Four Embarcadero Center Venture.
      (9)
10.45 Redemption Agreement, dated as of November 12, 1998, by and among One
      Embarcadero Center Venture, Boston Properties LLC, BP EC1 Holdings LLC and
      PIC Realty Corporation. (9)
10.46 Redemption Agreement, dated as of November 12, 1998, by and among
      Embarcadero Center Associates, Boston Properties LLC, BP EC2 Holdings LLC
      and PIC Realty Corporation. (9)
10.47 Redemption Agreement, dated as of November 12, 1998, by and among Three
      Embarcadero Center Venture, Boston Properties LLC, BP EC3 Holdings LLC and
      The Prudential Insurance Company of America. (9)
10.48 Redemption Agreement, dated as on November 12, 1998, by and among Four
      Embarcadero Center Venture, Boston Properties LLC, BP EC4 Holdings LLC and
      The Prudential Insurance Company of America. (9)
10.49 Option and Put Agreement, dated as of November 12, 1998, by and between
      One Embarcadero Center Venture and The Prudential Insurance Company of
      America. (9)
10.50 Option and Put Agreement, dated as of November 12, 1998, by and between
      Embarcadero Center Associates and The Prudential Insurance Company of
      America. (9)
10.51 Option and Put Agreement, dated as of November 12, 1998, by and between
      Three Embarcadero Center Venture and The Prudential Insurance Company of
      America. (9)
10.52 Option and Put Agreement, dated as of November 12, 1998, by and between
      Four Embarcadero Center Venture and The Prudential Insurance Company of
      America. (9)
10.53 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 28, 1998, by and between
      Boston Properties, Inc. and The Prudential Insurance Company of America.
      (9)
10.54 Master Agreement by and between New York State Common Retirement Fund and
      Boston Properties Limited Partnership, dated as of May 12, 2000.
21.1  Schedule of Subsidiaries of Boston Properties, Inc. (2)
23.1  Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Independent Accountants

(1)   Incorporated herein by reference to Boston Properties, Inc.'s Registration
      Statement on Form S-11 (No. 333-41449).


                                       51
<PAGE>

(2)   Incorporated herein by reference to Boston Properties, Inc.'s Registration
      Statement on Form S-11 (No. 333-25279).
(3)   Incorporated herein by reference to Boston Properties, Inc.'s Current
      Report on Form 8-K filed on November 25, 1997.
(4)   Incorporated herein by reference to Boston Properties, Inc.'s Current
      Report on Form 8- K/A filed on November 14, 1997.
(5)   Incorporated herein by reference to Boston Properties, Inc.'s Current
      Report on Form 8-K filed on November 26, 1997.
(6)   Incorporated herein by reference to Boston Properties, Inc.'s Current
      Report on Form 8-K filed on July 15, 1998.
(7)   Incorporated herein by reference to Boston Properties, Inc.'s Current
      Report on Form 8-K filed on July 17, 1998.
(8)   Incorporated herein by reference to Boston Properties, Inc.'s Current
      Report on Form 8-K filed on July 27, 1998.
(9)   Incorporated herein by reference to Boston Properties, Inc.'s Current
      Report on Form 8-K filed on November 25, 1998.
(10)  Incorporated herein by reference to Boston Properties, Inc.'s Report on
      Form 10-Q filed on May 15, 2000.


                                       52
<PAGE>

                                   SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the Registrant, Boston Properties, Inc., has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                                        Boston Properties, Inc.

Date
                                        By: /s/ Douglas T. Linde
March 29, 2001                          --------------------------
                                        Douglas T. Linde
                                        Chief Financial Officer

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report
has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and
in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

March 29, 2001                          By: /s/ Mortimer B. Zuckerman
                                            --------------------------
                                        Mortimer B. Zuckerman
                                        Chairman of the Board of Directors

                                        By: /s/ Edward H. Linde
                                            --------------------------
                                        Edward H. Linde
                                        President and Chief Executive Officer

                                        By: /s/ Douglas T. Linde
                                            --------------------------
                                        Douglas T. Linde
                                        Chief Financial Officer

                                        By: /s/Alan J. Patricof
                                            --------------------------
                                        Alan J. Patricof
                                        Director

                                        By:  /s/ Ivan G. Seidenberg
                                            --------------------------
                                        Ivan G. Seidenberg
                                        Director

                                        By:  /s/ Martin Turchin
                                            --------------------------
                                        Martin Turchin
                                        Director

                                        By: /s/ Alan B. Landis
                                            --------------------------
                                        Alan B. Landis
                                        Director

                                        By: /s/ Richard E. Salomon
                                            --------------------------
                                        Richard E. Salomon
                                        Director


                                       53
<PAGE>

                             BOSTON PROPERTIES, INC.
                   INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                           Page
                                                                           ----
Report of Independent Accountants .......................................   55

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2000 and 1999 ............   56

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended
  December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998 ......................................   57

Consolidated Statements of Stockholder's Equity
  for the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998 ..................   58

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended
  December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998 ......................................  59-60

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements ..............................   61

Financial Statement Schedule - Schedule III .............................  80-83

All other schedules for which a provision is made in the applicable accounting
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission are not required under the
related instructions or are inapplicable, and therefore have been omitted.


                                       54
<PAGE>

                        REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of
Boston Properties, Inc.:

In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements and the
financial statement schedule listed in the accompanying index present fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position of Boston Properties, Inc. (the
"Company") at December 31, 2000 and 1999, and the results of its operations and
its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2000
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America. These financial statements and financial statement schedule are the
responsibility of the Company's management; our responsibility is to express an
opinion on these financial statements and financial statement schedule based on
our audits. We conducted our audits of these statements in accordance with
auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America, which
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether the financial statements and financial statement schedule are free of
material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements and financial
statement schedule, assessing the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our
opinion.


/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Boston, Massachusetts
January 24, 2001


                                       55
<PAGE>

                             BOSTON PROPERTIES, INC.
                           CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                           December 31,
                                                                              --------------------------------------
                                                                                 2000                       1999
                                                                              -----------                -----------
                                                                             (in thousands, except for share amounts)
<S>                                                                           <C>                        <C>
                    ASSETS

Real estate:                                                                  $ 6,112,779                $ 5,609,424
      Less: accumulated depreciation                                             (586,719)                  (470,591)
                                                                              -----------                -----------
         Total real estate                                                      5,526,060                  5,138,833

Cash and cash equivalents                                                         280,957                     12,035
Escrows                                                                            85,561                     40,254
Investments in securities                                                           7,012                     14,460
Tenant and other receivables (net of allowance for doubtful                        26,852                     28,259
      accounts of $2,112 and $3,254, respectively)
Accrued rental income (net of allowance of $3,300 and                              91,684                     82,228
      $3,300, respectively)
Deferred charges, net                                                              77,319                     53,733
Prepaid expenses and other assets                                                  41,154                     28,452
Investments in unconsolidated joint ventures                                       89,871                     36,518
                                                                              -----------                -----------
         Total assets                                                         $ 6,226,470                $ 5,434,772
                                                                              ===========                ===========

      LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

Liabilities:
      Mortgage notes and bonds payable                                        $ 3,414,891                $ 2,955,584
      Unsecured line of credit                                                         --                    366,000
      Accounts payable and accrued expenses                                        57,338                     66,780
      Dividends and distributions payable                                          71,274                     50,114
      Accrued interest payable                                                      5,599                      8,486
      Other liabilities                                                            51,926                     48,282
                                                                              -----------                -----------
         Total liabilities                                                      3,601,028                  3,495,246
                                                                              -----------                -----------

Commitments and contingencies                                                          --                         --
                                                                              -----------                -----------
Minority interests                                                                877,715                    781,962
                                                                              -----------                -----------
Series A Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock, liquidation
      preference $50.00 per share, 2,000,000 shares issued
      and outstanding                                                             100,000                    100,000
                                                                              -----------                -----------
Stockholders' equity:
      Excess stock, $.01 par value, 150,000,000 shares
         authorized, none issued or outstanding                                        --                         --
      Common stock, $.01 par value, 250,000,000 shares
         authorized, 86,630,089 and 67,910,434 issued and
         outstanding in 2000 and 1999, respectively                                   866                        679
      Additional paid-in capital                                                1,673,349                  1,067,778
      Dividends in excess of earnings                                             (13,895)                   (10,893)
      Unearned compensation                                                          (848)                        --
      Accumulated other comprehensive loss                                        (11,745)                        --
                                                                              -----------                -----------
         Total stockholders' equity                                             1,647,727                  1,057,564
                                                                              -----------                -----------
                 Total liabilities and stockholders' equity                   $ 6,226,470                $ 5,434,772
                                                                              ===========                ===========
</TABLE>

   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.


                                       56
<PAGE>

                             BOSTON PROPERTIES, INC.
                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                          Year ended December 31,
                                                                    -----------------------------------
                                                                       2000         1999         1998
                                                                    ---------    ---------    ---------
                                                               (in thousands, except for per share amounts)
<S>                                                                 <C>          <C>          <C>
Revenue
   Rental:
      Base rent                                                     $ 715,358    $ 646,924    $ 419,756
      Recoveries from tenants                                          92,692       72,742       48,718
      Parking and other                                                50,892       45,751       19,103
                                                                    ---------    ---------    ---------
          Total rental revenue                                        858,942      765,417      487,577
   Development and management services                                 11,837       14,708       12,411
   Interest and other                                                   8,574        6,439       13,859
                                                                    ---------    ---------    ---------
          Total revenue                                               879,353      786,564      513,847
                                                                    ---------    ---------    ---------

Expenses
   Operating                                                          264,701      249,268      150,490
   General and administrative                                          35,659       29,455       22,504
   Interest                                                           217,064      205,410      124,860
   Depreciation and amortization                                      133,150      120,059       75,418
                                                                    ---------    ---------    ---------
          Total expenses                                              650,574      604,192      373,272
                                                                    ---------    ---------    ---------
Income before minority interests and joint venture income             228,779      182,372      140,575
Minority interest in property partnerships                               (932)      (4,614)      (2,554)
Income from unconsolidated joint ventures                               1,758          468           --
                                                                    ---------    ---------    ---------
Income before minority interest in Operating Partnership              229,605      178,226      138,021
Minority interest in Operating Partnership                            (76,039)     (64,917)     (39,428)
                                                                    ---------    ---------    ---------
Income before gain (loss) on sale of real estate                      153,566      113,309       98,593
Gain (loss) on sale of real estate, net of minority interest             (234)       6,467           --
                                                                    ---------    ---------    ---------
Income before extraordinary items                                     153,332      119,776       98,593
Extraordinary loss, net of minority interest                             (334)          --       (5,481)
                                                                    ---------    ---------    ---------
Net income before preferred dividend                                  152,998      119,776       93,112
Preferred dividend                                                     (6,572)      (5,829)          --
                                                                    ---------    ---------    ---------
Net income available to common shareholders                         $ 146,426    $ 113,947    $  93,112
                                                                    =========    =========    =========

Basic earnings per share:
   Income before extraordinary items                                $    2.05    $    1.72    $    1.62
   Extraordinary loss, net of minority interest                            --           --        (0.09)
                                                                    ---------    ---------    ---------
   Net income available to common shareholders                      $    2.05    $    1.72    $    1.53
                                                                    =========    =========    =========
   Weighted average number of common shares outstanding                71,424       66,235       60,776
                                                                    =========    =========    =========

Diluted earnings per share:
   Income before extraordinary items                                $    2.01    $    1.71    $    1.61
   Extraordinary loss, net of minority interest                            --           --        (0.09)
                                                                    ---------    ---------    ---------
   Net income available to common shareholders                      $    2.01    $    1.71    $    1.52
                                                                    =========    =========    =========
   Weighted average number of common and common
      equivalent shares outstanding                                    72,741       66,776       61,308
                                                                    =========    =========    =========
</TABLE>

   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.


                                       57
<PAGE>

                             BOSTON PROPERTIES, INC.
                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
                                 (in thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                            Common Stock          Additional       Dividends
                                                                            ------------           Paid-in        in excess of
                                                                       Shares        Amount        Capital          Earnings
                                                                       ------        ------        -------          --------
<S>                                                                    <C>            <C>        <C>               <C>
Stockholders' Equity, December 31, 1997                                38,694         $ 387        $ 172,347         $ 2,314
Sale of Common Stock net of offering costs                             23,000           230          764,760
Unregistered Common Stock issued                                        1,823            18           58,819
Conversion of operating partnership units to Common Stock                  10            --              250
Allocation of minority interest                                                                      (40,490)
Net income for the year                                                                                               93,112
Dividends declared                                                                                                  (103,291)
Stock options exercised                                                     1            --               25
                                                                       ------         -----      -----------       ---------
Stockholders' Equity, December 31, 1998                                63,528           635          955,711          (7,865)
Sale of Common Stock net of offering costs                              4,000            40          140,648
Unregistered Common Stock issued                                          343             4           12,321
Conversion of operating partnership units to Common Stock                  10            --              260
Allocation of minority interest                                                                      (41,965)
Net income for the year                                                                                              113,947
Dividends declared                                                                                                  (116,975)
Shares issued pursuant to stock purchase plan                               5            --              181
Stock options exercised                                                    24            --              622
                                                                       ------         -----      -----------       ---------
Stockholders' Equity, December 31, 1999                                67,910           679        1,067,778         (10,893)
Sale of Common Stock net of offering costs                             17,110           171          633,591
Unregistered Common Stock issued                                          439             4           18,156
Conversion of operating partnership units to Common Stock                 614             6           20,239
Allocation of minority interest                                                                      (85,809)
Net income for the year                                                                                              146,426
Dividends declared                                                                                                  (149,428)
Shares issued pursuant to stock purchase plan                              11            --              374
Stock options exercised                                                   511             5           17,961
Issuance of restricted stock                                               35             1            1,059
Amortization of restricted stock award
Unrealized holding losses
                                                                       ------         -----      -----------       ---------
Stockholders' Equity, December 31, 2000                                86,630         $ 866      $ 1,673,349       $ (13,895)
                                                                       ======         =====      ===========       =========

<CAPTION>
                                                                                           Accumulated
                                                                                               Other
                                                                            Unearned       Comprehensive
                                                                          Compensation          Loss             Total
                                                                          ------------          ----             -----
<S>                                                                         <C>             <C>             <C>
Stockholders' Equity, December 31, 1997                                                                       $ 175,048
Sale of Common Stock net of offering costs                                                                      764,990
Unregistered Common Stock issued                                                                                 58,837
Conversion of operating partnership units to Common Stock                                                           250
Allocation of minority interest                                                                                 (40,490)
Net income for the year                                                                                          93,112
Dividends declared                                                                                             (103,291)
Stock options exercised                                                                                              25
                                                                            ------          ---------       -----------
Stockholders' Equity, December 31, 1998                                                                         948,481
Sale of Common Stock net of offering costs                                                                      140,688
Unregistered Common Stock issued                                                                                 12,325
Conversion of operating partnership units to Common Stock                                                           260
Allocation of minority interest                                                                                 (41,965)
Net income for the year                                                                                         113,947
Dividends declared                                                                                             (116,975)
Shares issued pursuant to stock purchase plan                                                                       181
Stock options exercised                                                                                             622
                                                                            ------          ---------       -----------
Stockholders' Equity, December 31, 1999                                                                       1,057,564
Sale of Common Stock net of offering costs                                                                      633,762
Unregistered Common Stock issued                                                                                 18,160
Conversion of operating partnership units to Common Stock                                                        20,245
Allocation of minority interest                                                                                 (85,809)
Net income for the year                                                                                         146,426
Dividends declared                                                                                             (149,428)
Shares issued pursuant to stock purchase plan                                                                       374
Stock options exercised                                                                                          17,966
Issuance of restricted stock                                               $(1,060)                                  --
Amortization of restricted stock award                                         212                                  212
Unrealized holding losses                                                                   $ (11,745)          (11,745)
                                                                           -------          ---------       -----------
Stockholders' Equity, December 31, 2000                                    $  (848)         $ (11,745)      $ 1,647,727
                                                                           =======          =========       ===========
</TABLE>
   The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.


                                       58
<PAGE>

                                BOSTON PROPERTIES, INC.
                         CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                             For the year ended December 31,
                                                                                       -----------------------------------------
                                                                                           2000           1999           1998
                                                                                       -----------    -----------    -----------
                                                                                                     (in thousands)
<S>                                                                                    <C>            <C>            <C>
Cash flows from operating activities:
    Net income before preferred dividend                                               $   152,998    $   119,776    $    93,112
    Adjustments to reconcile net income before preferred dividend
      to net cash provided by operating activities:
        Depreciation and amortization                                                      133,150        120,059         75,418
        Non-cash portion of interest expense                                                 3,693          2,364            247
        Loss (gain) on sale of real estate                                                     314         (8,736)            --
        Extraordinary loss                                                                     433             --          7,743
        Distributions in excess of earnings from  unconsolidated joint ventures                 90           (468)            --
        Compensation related to restricted shares                                              212             --             --
        Non-cash compensation                                                                1,958             --             --
        Minority interests                                                                  75,860         67,186         38,760
    Change in assets and liabilities:
        Escrows                                                                             12,303        (21,240)        (4,836)
        Tenant and other receivables, net                                                    1,407         12,571        (16,372)
        Accrued rental income, net                                                         (14,509)       (17,977)        (9,061)
        Prepaid expenses and other assets                                                  (12,702)       (10,354)        (5,833)
        Accounts payable and accrued expenses                                              (14,300)        23,277         19,075
        Accrued interest payable                                                            (2,887)         1,179            726
        Other liabilities                                                                    1,644         15,832         16,308
                                                                                       -----------    -----------    -----------

             Total adjustments                                                             186,666        183,693        122,175
                                                                                       -----------    -----------    -----------

             Net cash provided by operating activities                                     339,664        303,469        215,287
                                                                                       -----------    -----------    -----------

Cash flows from investing activities:
    Acquisitions/additions to real estate                                                 (604,164)      (661,007)    (1,697,449)
    Tenant leasing costs                                                                   (21,032)       (11,329)       (17,979)
    Investments in unconsolidated joint ventures                                           (16,582)        10,737        (43,644)
    Net proceeds from sales of real estate                                                  70,712         13,103             --
    Investments in securities                                                               (2,297)        (6,500)            --
    Notes receivable                                                                            --             --       (420,143)
                                                                                       -----------    -----------    -----------

             Net cash used in investing activities                                        (573,363)      (654,996)    (2,179,215)
                                                                                       -----------    -----------    -----------

Cash flows from financing activities:
    Net proceeds from the issuance of common and preferred stock                           633,762        240,688        819,103
    Borrowings on unsecured line of credit                                                 184,000        696,000        322,000
    Repayments of unsecured line of credit                                                (550,000)      (345,000)      (540,000)
    Repayments of mortgage notes                                                          (525,241)       (33,362)      (159,714)
    Proceeds from mortgage notes                                                           976,390        307,525      1,226,717
    Proceeds from (repayments of) notes payable                                                 --       (328,143)       420,143
    Dividends and distributions                                                           (209,723)      (181,493)      (127,307)
    Proceeds from exercise of stock options                                                 16,008            622             --
    Proceeds from employee stock purchase plan                                                 374            181             --
    Deferred financing costs                                                               (22,949)        (5,622)        (2,408)
                                                                                       -----------    -----------    -----------

             Net cash provided by financing activities                                     502,621        351,396      1,958,534
                                                                                       -----------    -----------    -----------

Net increase (decrease) in cash                                                            268,922           (131)        (5,394)
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period                                              12,035         12,166         17,560
                                                                                       -----------    -----------    -----------
Cash and cash equivalents, end of period                                               $   280,957    $    12,035    $    12,166
                                                                                       ===========    ===========    ===========
</TABLE>

    The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements


                                       59
<PAGE>

                             BOSTON PROPERTIES, INC.
                CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS, CONTINUED

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                  For the year ended December 31,
                                                                                 ---------------------------------
                                                                                    2000        1999        1998
                                                                                 ---------   ---------   ---------
                                                                                          (in thousands)
<S>                                                                              <C>         <C>         <C>
Supplemental disclosures:
    Cash paid for interest                                                       $ 253,971   $ 218,820   $  46,422
                                                                                 =========   =========   =========
    Interest capitalized                                                         $  37,713   $  16,953   $   6,933
                                                                                 =========   =========   =========

Non-cash investing and financing activities:
    Additions to real estate included in accounts payable                        $   4,858   $     606   $   6,198
                                                                                 =========   =========   =========
    Mortgage notes payable assumed in connection with acquisitions               $ 117,831   $  28,331   $ 496,926
                                                                                 =========   =========   =========
    Mortgage notes payable assigned in connection with the sale of real estate   $ 166,547   $      --   $      --
                                                                                 =========   =========   =========
    Bonds payable proceeds escrowed                                              $  57,610   $      --   $      --
                                                                                 =========   =========   =========
    Issuance of minority interest in connection with acquisitions                $  44,712   $   2,063   $ 941,318
                                                                                 =========   =========   =========
    Dividends and distributions declared but not paid                            $  71,274   $  50,114   $  40,494
                                                                                 =========   =========   =========
    Notes receivable assigned in connection with an acquisition                  $      --   $ 420,143   $      --
                                                                                 =========   =========   =========
    Notes payable assigned in connection with an acquisition                     $      --   $  92,000   $      --
                                                                                 =========   =========   =========
    Common Stock issued in connection with an acquisition of real estate         $   2,660   $  12,325   $   5,000
                                                                                 =========   =========   =========
    Common Stock issued in connection with an acquisition of minority interest   $  15,500   $      --   $      --
                                                                                 =========   =========   =========
    Conversion of Operating Partnership Units to Common Stock                    $  20,245   $     260   $     250
                                                                                 =========   =========   =========
    Real estate contributed to joint ventures                                    $  36,999   $      --   $      --
                                                                                 =========   =========   =========
    Unrealized loss related to investments in securities                         $  11,745   $      --   $      --
                                                                                 =========   =========   =========
</TABLE>

    The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements


                                       60
<PAGE>

                             BOSTON PROPERTIES, INC.

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts)

1. Organization and Basis of Presentation

      Organization

      Boston Properties, Inc. (the "Company"), a Delaware corporation, is a
self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust ("REIT"). Boston
Properties, Inc. is the sole general partner of Boston Properties Limited
Partnership (the "Operating Partnership") and at December 31, 2000, owned an
approximate 71.9% general and limited partnership interest in the Operating
Partnership. Partnership interests in the Operating Partnership are denominated
as "common units of partnership interest" (also referred to as "OP Units") or
"preferred units of partnership interest" (also referred to as "Preferred
Units"). All references to OP Units and Preferred Units exclude such units held
by the Company. A holder of an OP Unit may present such OP Unit to the Operating
Partnership for redemption at any time (subject to restrictions agreed upon at
the issuance of OP Units to particular holders that may restrict such right for
a period of time, generally one year from issuance). Upon presentation of an OP
Unit for redemption, the Operating Partnership must redeem such OP Unit for cash
equal to the then value of a share of common stock of the Company ("Common
Stock"), except that, the Company may, at its election, in lieu of a cash
redemption, acquire such OP Unit for one share of Common Stock. Because the
number of shares of Common Stock outstanding at all times equals the number of
OP Units that the Company owns, one share of Common Stock is generally the
economic equivalent of one OP Unit, and the quarterly distribution that may be
paid to the holder of an OP Unit equals the quarterly dividend that may be paid
to the holder of a share of Common Stock. Each series of Preferred Units bears a
distribution that is set in accordance with an amendment to the partnership
agreement of the Operating Partnership. Preferred Units may also be convertible
into OP Units at the election of the holder thereof or the Company, subject to
the terms of such Preferred Units.

      All references to the Company hereafter refer to Boston Properties, Inc.
and its subsidiaries, including the Operating Partnership, collectively, unless
the context otherwise requires.

      Properties

      At December 31, 2000, the Company owned a portfolio of 145 commercial real
estate properties (136 properties at December 31, 1999) (the "Properties")
aggregating more than 37.9 million net rentable square feet (including 15
properties under construction totaling approximately 4.5 million net rentable
square feet). The Properties consist of 134 office properties, including 103
Class A office properties and 31 Research and Development properties; eight
industrial properties; three hotels; and structured parking for 17,179 vehicles
containing approximately 6.0 million square feet. In addition, the Company owns
or controls 49 parcels of land totaling 558.3 acres (which will support
approximately 10.6 million net rentable square feet of development). The Company
considers Class A office properties to be centrally located buildings that are
professionally managed and maintained, that attract high-quality tenants and
command upper-tier rental rates, and that are modern structures or have been
modernized to compete with newer buildings. The Company considers Research and
Development properties to be properties that support office, research and
development and other technical uses.


                                       61
<PAGE>

                             BOSTON PROPERTIES, INC.

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts)

      Basis of Presentation

      The consolidated financial statements of the Company include all the
accounts of the Company, its majority-owned Operating Partnership, and
subsidiaries. All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been
eliminated.

2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Real Estate

      Real estate is stated at depreciated cost. The Company periodically
reviews its properties to determine if its carrying costs will be recovered from
future operating cash flows. If the Company determines that an impairment has
occurred, those assets shall be reduced to fair value. No such impairment losses
have been recognized to date.

      The cost of buildings and improvements include the purchase price of
property, legal fees and acquisition costs. The costs of buildings under
development include the capitalization of interest, property taxes and other
costs incurred during the period of development.

      Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are charged to operations as
incurred. Significant betterments are capitalized. When assets are sold or
retired, their costs and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the
accounts with the resulting gains or losses reflected in net income or loss for
the period.

      Depreciation is computed on the straight-line basis over the estimated
useful lives of the assets as follows:

             Land improvements                        25 to 40 years
             Buildings and improvements               10 to 40 years
             Tenant improvements                      Shorter of useful life
                                                      or terms of related lease
             Furniture, fixtures, and equipment       3 to 7 years

Cash and Cash Equivalents

      Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash on hand and investments with
maturities of three months or less from the date of purchase. The majority of
the Company's cash and cash equivalents are held at major commercial banks. The
Company has not experienced any losses to date on its invested cash.

Escrows

      Escrows include amounts established pursuant to various agreements for
security deposits, property taxes, insurance and other costs. At December 31,
2000, proceeds of $57.6 million from the permanent financing of a development
property have been deposited into an escrow account and recorded in mortgage
notes and bonds payable until the completion of construction on the development
property, at which time the construction loan will be repaid and the proceeds
will be available to the Company.


                                       62
<PAGE>

                             BOSTON PROPERTIES, INC.

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts)

Investments in Securities

      The Company accounts for investments in securities of publicly traded
companies in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standard ("SFAS")
No. 115 "Accounting for Certain Investments in Debt and Equity Investments" and
has classified the securities as available-for-sale. Investments in securities
of non-publicly traded companies are recorded at cost as they are not considered
marketable under SFAS 115. As of December 31, 2000, the fair value of the
investments in common stocks and warrants was approximately $7.0 million. The
gross unrealized holding loss of approximately $11.7 million is included in
accumulated other comprehensive loss on the consolidated balance sheets. At
December 31, 1999, the investments in securities were reflected at cost in the
consolidated balance sheet, as they were not considered marketable under SFAS
No. 115.

Deferred Charges

      Deferred charges include leasing costs and financing fees. Fees and costs
incurred in the successful negotiation of leases, including brokerage, legal and
other costs have been deferred and are being amortized on a straight-line basis
over the terms of the respective leases. Fees and costs incurred to obtain
long-term financing have been deferred and are being amortized over the terms of
the respective loans on a basis that approximates the effective interest method
and are included with interest expense. Unamortized financing and leasing costs
are charged to expense upon the early repayment of financing or upon the early
termination of the lease. Fully amortized deferred charges are removed from the
books upon the expiration of the lease or maturity of the debt.

Investments in Unconsolidated Joint Ventures

      The Company accounts for its investments in joint ventures, which it does
not control, using the equity method of accounting. Under the equity method of
accounting, the net equity investment of the Company is reflected on the
consolidated balance sheets, and the Company's share of net income or loss from
the joint ventures is included on the consolidated statements of operations.

      The Company serves as the development manager for the joint ventures
currently under development. The profit on development fees received from joint
ventures is recognized to the extent attributable to the outside interests in
the joint ventures.

Offering Costs

      Underwriting commissions and offering costs have been reflected as a
reduction of additional paid-in capital.

Dividends

      Earnings and profits, which determine the taxability of dividends to
shareholders, will differ from income reported for financial reporting purposes
due to the differences for federal income tax purposes primarily in the
estimated useful lives used to compute depreciation. Dividends declared
represented 100% ordinary income for federal income tax purposes for the


                                       63
<PAGE>

                             BOSTON PROPERTIES, INC.

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts)

years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998.

Revenue Recognition

      Base rental revenue is reported on a straight-line basis over the terms of
the respective leases. The impact of the straight-line rent adjustment increased
revenue by $13,071, $17,044, and $18,510 for the years ended December 31, 2000,
1999 and 1998, respectively. Property operating cost reimbursements due from
tenants for common area maintenance, real estate taxes and other recoverable
costs are recognized in the period the expenses are incurred.

      Accrued rental income represents rental income earned in excess of rent
payments received pursuant to the terms of the individual lease agreements, net
of an allowance for doubtful accounts.

      Development fees are recognized ratably over the period of development.
Management fees are recognized as revenue as they are earned.

      The estimated fair value of warrants received in conjunction with
communications license agreements are recognized over the ten-year effective
terms of the license agreements.

Interest Expense and Interest Rate Protection Agreements

      Interest expense on fixed rate debt with predetermined periodic rate
increases is computed using the effective interest method over the terms of the
respective loans.

      The Company has entered into certain interest rate protection agreements
to reduce the impact of changes in interest rates on its variable rate debt.
Amounts paid for the agreements are amortized over the lives of the agreements
on a basis that approximates the effective interest method.

Earnings Per Share

      Basic earnings per share ("EPS") is computed by dividing net income by the
weighted average number of shares of Common Stock outstanding during the year.
Diluted EPS reflects the potential dilution that could occur from shares
issuable through stock-based compensation including stock options, conversion of
the minority interests in the Operating Partnership and conversion of the
preferred stock of the Company.

Fair Value of Financial Instruments

      The carrying values of cash and cash equivalents, escrows, receivables,
accounts payable, accrued expenses and other assets and liabilities are
reasonable estimates of their fair values because of the short maturities of
these instruments. Mortgage notes payable have aggregate carrying values that
approximate their estimated fair values based upon the remaining maturities for
certain debt and interest rates for debt with similar terms and remaining
maturities. The fair value of these financial instruments were not materially
different from their carrying or contract values.

Income Taxes

      The Company has elected to be treated as a REIT under Sections 856 through
860 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), commencing
with its taxable year


                                       64
<PAGE>

                             BOSTON PROPERTIES, INC.

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts)

ended December 31, 1997. As a result, the Company generally will not be subject
to federal corporate income tax on its taxable income that is distributed to its
shareholders. A REIT is subject to a number of organizational and operational
requirements, including a requirement that it currently distribute at least 95%
of its annual taxable income (90% effective January 1, 2001). The Company's
policy is to distribute 100% of its taxable income. Accordingly, no provision
has been made for federal income taxes in the accompanying consolidated
financial statements.

      To assist the Company in maintaining its status as a REIT, the Company
leases its three in-service hotel properties, pursuant to leases with a
participation in the gross receipts of such hotel properties, to a lessee ("ZL
Hotel LLC") in which Messrs. Zuckerman and Linde, the Chairman of the Board and
Chief Executive Officer, respectively, are the sole member-managers. Marriott
International, Inc. manages these hotel properties under the Marriott(R) name
pursuant to management agreements with the lessee. Rental revenue from these
leases totaled approximately $38.1 million, $32.1 million and $25.7 million for
the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively.

      The net difference between the tax basis and the reported amounts of the
Company's assets and liabilities is approximately $1.2 billion as of December
31, 2000 and 1999.

      Certain entities included in the Company's consolidated financial
statements are subject to District of Columbia franchise taxes. Franchise taxes
are recorded as operating expenses in the accompanying consolidated financial
statements.

Reclassifications

      Certain prior-year balances have been reclassified in order to conform to
current-year presentation.

Use of Estimates in the Preparation of Financial Statements

      The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of
the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during
the reporting period. These estimates include such items as depreciation,
allowances for doubtful accounts and accrued rent. Actual results could differ
from those estimates.


                                       65
<PAGE>

                             BOSTON PROPERTIES, INC.

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts)

3.       Real Estate

         Real estate consisted of the following at December 31:

                                                           2000          1999
                                                       ----------    ----------
Land                                                   $  965,140    $  956,222
Land held for future development                          107,005       127,508
Buildings and improvements                              3,939,857     3,962,789
Tenant improvements                                       225,305       186,878
Furniture, fixtures and equipment                          57,994        38,537
Development in process                                    817,478       337,490
                                                       ----------    ----------
Total                                                   6,112,779     5,609,424
Less: Accumulated depreciation                           (586,719)     (470,591)
                                                       ----------    ----------
                                                       $5,526,060    $5,138,833
                                                       ==========    ==========

4.       Deferred Charges

         Deferred charges consisted of the following at December 31:

                                                           2000          1999
                                                         --------      --------
Leasing costs                                            $ 88,681      $ 69,530
Financing costs                                            51,453        33,954
                                                         --------      --------
                                                          140,134       103,484
Less: Accumulated amortization                            (62,815)      (49,751)
                                                         --------      --------
                                                         $ 77,319      $ 53,733
                                                         ========      ========

5. Investments in Unconsolidated Joint Ventures

      The investments in unconsolidated joint ventures consists of the
following:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                       %
                      Entity                              Property                 Ownership
      ----------------------------------------     ------------------------       ------------
      <S>                                          <C>                                <C>
      One Freedom Square LLC                       One Freedom Square                 25%  (1)
      Square 407 LP                                Market Square North                50%
      The Metropolitan Square Associates LLC       Metropolitan Square                51%
      BP 140 Kendrick Street LLC                   140 Kendrick Street                25%  (1)
      BP/CRF 265 Franklin Street
        Holdings LLC                               265 Franklin Street                35%
      Discovery Square LLC                         Discovery Square     (2)           50%
      BP/CRF 901 New York Avenue LLC               901 New York Avenue  (3)           25%  (1)
      Two Freedom Square LLC                       Two Freedom Square   (2)           50%
</TABLE>

      (1) Ownership can increase based on certain return hurdles
      (2) Property is currently under development
      (3) Land held for development


                                       66
<PAGE>

                             BOSTON PROPERTIES, INC.

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts)

      The combined summarized financial information of the unconsolidated joint
ventures are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                      December 31,
                                                               -------------------------
      Balance Sheets                                             2000             1999
                                                               --------         --------
      <S>                                                      <C>              <C>
         Real estate and development in process, net           $640,688         $236,995
         Other assets                                            30,919           10,473
                                                               --------         --------
                Total assets                                   $671,607         $247,468
                                                               ========         ========

         Mortgage and construction loans payable               $446,520         $164,185
         Other liabilities                                       10,904            6,770
         Partners' equity                                       214,183           76,513
                                                               --------         --------
                Total liabilities and partners' equity         $671,607         $247,468
                                                               ========         ========
      Company's share of equity                                 $89,871          $36,518
                                                               ========         ========

<CAPTION>
      Statements of Operations (1)                               Year Ended December 31,
                                                               -------------------------
                                                                  2000             1999
                                                               --------         --------
      <S>                                                       <C>              <C>
      Total revenue                                             $42,754          $12,836
      Total expenses                                             37,978           10,383
                                                               --------         --------
      Net income                                                 $4,776           $2,453
                                                               ========         ========
      Company's share of net income                              $1,758             $468
                                                               ========         ========
</TABLE>

      (1)   There were no in-service joint ventures during the year ended
            December 31, 1998.

6. Mortgage Notes and Bonds Payable

      The Company had outstanding mortgage notes and bonds payable totaling
$3,414,891 and $2,955,584 as of December 31, 2000 and 1999, respectively, each
collateralized by one or more buildings and related land included in real estate
assets. The mortgage notes payable are generally due in monthly installments and
mature at various dates through August 1, 2021.

      Fixed rate mortgage notes and bonds payable totaled approximately
$3,010,760 and $2,820,650 at December 31, 2000 and 1999, respectively, with
interest rates ranging from 6.40% to 8.59% (averaging 7.21% and 7.06% at
December 31, 2000 and 1999, respectively).

      Variable rate mortgage notes payable (including construction loans
payable) totaled approximately $404,131 and $134,934 at December 31, 2000 and
1999, respectively, with interest rates ranging from 1.00% above the London
Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") (6.57% and 5.82% at December 31, 2000 and 1999,
respectively) to 2.00% above LIBOR.

      At December 31, 2000, the Company had hedge contracts totaling $450.0
million. The hedging agreements provide for a fixed interest rate when LIBOR is
less than 5.76% and when LIBOR is greater than 6.35% or 7.95% for terms
remaining from two to four years per the individual hedging agreements. In
addition, the Company has an interest rate swap agreement for a total of $213.0
million which provides for a fixed interest rate of 6.0% through September 11,
2002.

      Mortgage notes payable aggregating approximately $190,492 and $207,132 at
December


                                       67
<PAGE>

                             BOSTON PROPERTIES, INC.

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts)

31, 2000 and 1999, respectively, are subject to periodic scheduled interest rate
increases. Interest expense for these mortgage notes payable is computed using
the effective interest method. Mortgage notes payable aggregating approximately
$224,818 and $320,110 at December 31, 2000 and 1999, respectively, have been
accounted for at their fair value on the date the mortgage loans were assumed.
The impact of using these accounting methods decreased interest expense by
$3,579, $4,742 and $2,656 for the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998,
respectively. The cumulative liability related to these accounting methods was
$9,642 and $13,575 at December 31, 2000 and 1999, respectively, and is included
in mortgage notes and bonds payable.

      Combined aggregate principal payments of mortgage notes and bonds payable
at December 31, 2000 are as follows:

      2001                               $  193,947
      2002                               $  306,223
      2003                               $  434,342
      2004                               $  134,964
      2005                               $  269,378
      Thereafter                         $2,076,037

7. Unsecured Line of Credit

      As of December 31, 2000, the Company has an agreement for a $605,000
unsecured revolving credit facility (the "Unsecured Line of Credit") maturing in
March 2003. Outstanding balances under the Unsecured Line of Credit currently
bear interest at a floating rate based on an increase over Eurodollar from 105
to 170 basis points, depending upon the Company's applicable leverage ratio, or
the lender's prime rate. The Unsecured Line of Credit requires monthly payments
of interest only.

      The outstanding balance of the Unsecured Line of Credit was $0 and
$366,000 at December 31, 2000 and 1999, respectively. The weighted average
balance outstanding was approximately $233,052 and $256,685 during the year
ended December 31, 2000 and 1999, respectively. The weighted-average interest
rate on amounts outstanding was approximately 7.65% and 6.50% during the year
ended December 31, 2000 and 1999, respectively.

      The Company's ability to borrow under the Unsecured Line of Credit is
subject to the Company's ongoing compliance with a number of financial and other
covenants, including, but not limited to, maintaining a certain ratio of secured
indebtedness to total asset value, as defined.

8. Commitments and Contingencies

Concentrations of Credit Risk

      Management of the Company performs ongoing credit evaluations of tenants
and may require tenants to provide some form of credit support such as corporate
guarantees and/or other financial guarantees. Although the Company's properties
are geographically diverse and the tenants operate in a variety of industries,
to the extent the Company has a significant


                                       68
<PAGE>

                             BOSTON PROPERTIES, INC.

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts)

concentration of rental revenue from any single tenant, the inability of that
tenant to make its lease payments could have an adverse effect on the Company.

Legal Matters

      The Company is subject to various legal proceedings and claims that arise
in the ordinary course of business. These matters are generally covered by
insurance. Management believes that the final outcome of such matters will not
have a material adverse effect on the financial position, results of operations
or liquidity of the Company.

Environmental Matters

      Some of the Properties are located in urban and industrial areas where
fill or current or historical industrial uses of the areas have caused site
contamination. With respect to all of the Properties, independent environmental
consultants have been retained in the past to conduct or update Phase I
environmental assessments (which generally do not involve invasive techniques
such as soil or ground water sampling) and asbestos surveys on all of the
Properties. These environmental assessments have not revealed any environmental
conditions that the Company believes will have a material adverse effect on its
business, assets or results of operations, and the Company is not aware of any
other environmental condition with respect to any of the Properties which the
Company believes would have such a material adverse effect.

      On January 15, 1992, a property in Massachusetts was listed by the state
regulatory authority as an unclassified Confirmed Disposal Site in connection
with groundwater contamination. The Company engaged a specially licensed
environmental consultant to perform the necessary investigation and assessment
and to prepare submittals to the state regulatory authority. On August 1, 1997,
such consultant submitted to the state regulatory authority a Phase I - Limited
Site Investigation Report and Downgradient Property Status Opinion. This Opinion
concluded that the property qualifies for Downgradient Property Status under the
state regulatory program, which eliminates certain deadlines for conducting
response actions at a site and may qualify the Company for liability relief
under recent statutory amendments. Although the Company believes that the
current or former owners of the upgradient source properties may ultimately be
responsible for some or all of the costs of such response actions, the Company
will take any necessary further response actions.

      An investigation at an additional property in Massachusetts identified
groundwater contamination. The Company engaged a specially licensed
environmental consultant to perform the necessary investigation and assessment
and to prepare submittals to the state regulatory authority. On March 11, 1998,
the consultant submitted to the state regulatory authority a Release
Notification and Downgradient Property Status Opinion. This Opinion concluded
that the property qualifies for Downgradient Property Status under the state
regulatory program, which eliminates certain deadlines for conducting response
actions at a site and may qualify the Company for liability relief under recent
statutory amendments. Although the Company believes that the current or former
owners of the upgradient source properties may ultimately be responsible for
some or all of the costs of such response actions, the Company will take any
necessary further response actions.


                                       69
<PAGE>

                             BOSTON PROPERTIES, INC.

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts)

      In February 1999, an affiliate of the Company acquired from Exxon
Corporation a property in Massachusetts that was formerly used as a petroleum
bulk storage and distribution facility and was known by the state regulatory
authority to contain soil and groundwater contamination. The Company anticipates
development of an office park on the property. Pursuant to the property
acquisition agreement, Exxon has agreed to (1) bear the liability arising from
releases or discharges of oil and hazardous substances which occurred at the
site prior to the Company's ownership, (2) continue remediating such releases
and discharges as necessary and appropriate to comply with applicable
requirements, and (3) indemnify the purchaser for certain losses arising from
preexisting site conditions, including up to $500,000 for the premium costs
associated with construction-related management of contaminated soil not
otherwise subject to remediation by Exxon. Any indemnity claim may be subject to
various defenses. The affiliate has engaged a specially licensed environmental
consultant to perform necessary pre-construction assessment activities and to
oversee the management of contaminated soil that may be disturbed in the course
of construction.

      The Company expects that any resolution of the environmental matters
relating to the above will not have a material impact on the financial position,
results of operations or liquidity of the Company.

Development

      The Company has entered into contracts for the construction and renovation
of properties currently under construction. Commitments under these arrangements
totaled approximately $677,654 and $759,501 at December 31, 2000 and 1999,
respectively.

Sale of Property

      The Operating Partnership Agreement provides that, until June 23, 2007,
the Operating Partnership may not sell or otherwise transfer four designated
properties in a taxable transaction without the prior written consent of the
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. In connection with the acquisition or
contribution of 31 other Properties, the Company entered into similar agreements
for the benefit of the selling or contributing parties which specifically state
the Company will not sell or otherwise transfer the Properties in a taxable
transaction until a period ranging from June 2002 to November 2008. The
Operating Partnership is not required to obtain the consent from a party
protected thereby if such party does not continue to hold at least a specified
percentage of such party's original OP Units.

9. Minority Interests

      Minority interests primarily relate to the interests of the Company in the
Operating Partnership. As of December 31, 2000, the minority interest in the
Operating Partnership consisted of 23,862,206 OP Units and 9,357,536 Preferred
Units held by parties other than the Company.

      On March 1, 2000, the Operating Partnership issued 577,817 OP Units valued
at approximately $17.5 million in connection with the acquisition of three
office properties at Carnegie Center in Princeton, New Jersey.


                                       70
<PAGE>

                             BOSTON PROPERTIES, INC.

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts)

      On June 19, 2000, the Operating Partnership issued 82,215 OP Units valued
at approximately $3.0 million in connection with the acquisition of a land
parcel in Chelmsford, Massachusetts.

      On December 11, 2000, the Operating Partnership issued 650,876 Series Z
Preferred Units of limited partnership of the Operating Partnership (the "Series
Z Preferred Units"), valued at approximately $24.2 million, in connection with
the acquisition of a 3.7-acre site known as the Plaza at Almaden in San Jose,
California.

      The Preferred Units at December 31, 2000 consist of 2,493,529 Series One
Preferred Units of limited partnership in the Operating Partnership (the "Series
One Preferred Units"), which bear a preferred distribution of 7.25% per annum on
a liquidation preference of $34.00 per unit and are convertible into OP Units at
a rate of $38.25 per Preferred Unit; 6,213,131 Series Two and Three Preferred
Units of limited partnership in the Operating Partnership (the "Series Two and
Three Preferred Units"), which bear a preferred distribution at an increasing
rate, ranging from 5.00% to 7.00% per annum on a liquidation preference of
$50.00 per unit and are convertible into OP Units at a rate of $38.10 per
Preferred Unit; and 650,876 Series Z Preferred Units, which bear distributions
at a rate ranging from zero to the distribution rate of an OP Unit, with a
liquidation preference of $37.25 per unit and are convertible into OP Units at a
rate equal to the greater of (1) one for one or (2) $37.25 divided by the fair
market value of an OP Unit. Distributions to holders of Preferred Units are
recognized on a straight-line basis that approximates the effective interest
method.

10. Redeemable Preferred Stock and Stockholders' Equity

      On August 22, 2000, the Company issued 439,059 unregistered shares of
Common Stock for approximately $18.2 million, in connection with its acquisition
of the remaining 50% interest in the development rights associated with the
Prudential Center in Boston, Massachusetts.

      On October 31, 2000, the Company completed a public offering of 17,110,000
shares of Common Stock at a price per share to the public of $39.0625 (including
2,110,000 shares issued as a result of the exercise of an overallotment option
by the underwriters on November 2, 2000), resulting in net proceeds to the
Company, net of underwriter's discount and offering costs, of approximately
$633.8 million.

      As of December 31, 2000, the Company had 86,630,089 shares of Common Stock
and 2,000,000 shares of Series A Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock (the
"Preferred Stock") outstanding. The Preferred Stock bears a preferred dividend
at an increasing rate, ranging from 5.00% to 7.00% per annum on a liquidation
preference of $50.00 per share and are convertible into Common Stock at a rate
of $38.10 per share. The preferred dividend is recognized on a straight-line
basis that approximates the effective interest method. These shares of Preferred
Stock are not classified as equity in certain instances as they are convertible
into shares of Common Stock at the election of the holder after December 31,
2002 or are redeemable for cash at the election of the holder in six annual
tranches commencing on May 12, 2009.


                                       71
<PAGE>

                             BOSTON PROPERTIES, INC.

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts)

11. Future Minimum Rents

      The Properties are leased to tenants under net operating leases with
initial term expiration dates ranging from 2001 to 2029. The future minimum
lease payments to be received (excluding operating expense reimbursements) by
the Company as of December 31, 2000, under non-cancelable operating leases, are
as follows:

          Years Ending December 31,
               (in thousands)

      2001                $  706,952
      2002                   696,506
      2003                   679,060
      2004                   623,224
      2005                   547,914
      Thereafter           2,509,988

      The geographic concentration of the future minimum lease payments to be
received is detailed as follows:

      Location                          (in thousands)
      ------------------               --------------
      Greater Boston                     $1,243,948
      Greater Washington, DC              1,532,001
      New Jersey and Pennsylvania           382,014
      Midtown Manhattan                   1,651,524
      Greater San Francisco                 954,157

      No one tenant represented more than 10.0% of the Company's total rental
income for the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998.

12. Segment Reporting

      The Company has determined that its reportable segments are those that are
based on the Company's method of internal reporting, which classifies its
operations by both geographic area and property type. The Company's reportable
segments by geographic area are: Greater Boston, Greater Washington, DC, Midtown
Manhattan, Greater San Francisco, and New Jersey and Pennsylvania. Segments by
property type include: Class A Office, R&D, Industrial, Hotel and Garage.

      Asset information by reportable segment is not reported, since the Company
does not use this measure to assess performance; therefore, the depreciation and
amortization expenses are not allocated among segments. Development and
management services revenue, interest and other revenue, general and
administrative expenses and interest expense are not included in operating


                                       72
<PAGE>

                             BOSTON PROPERTIES, INC.

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts)

income, as the internal reporting addresses these on a corporate level.

Information by Geographic Area and Property Type:
For the year ended December 31, 2000:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                      New Jersey
                           Greater            Greater            Midtown          Greater San            and
                            Boston         Washington, DC       Manhattan          Francisco         Pennsylvania           Total
<S>                        <C>                <C>                <C>                <C>                 <C>               <C>
Rental Revenue:
  Class A                  $187,426           $212,512           $141,400           $182,657            $59,442           $783,437
  R&D                         5,912             19,846                  0              1,851                  0             27,609
  Industrial                  1,921              1,348                  0              1,736                714              5,719
  Hotels                     38,703                  0                  0                  0                  0             38,703
  Garage                      3,474                  0                  0                  0                  0              3,474
         Total              237,436            233,706            141,400            186,244             60,156            858,942
% of Grand Totals             27.64%             27.21%             16.46%             21.68%              7.01%            100.00%

Rental Expenses:
  Class A                    66,688             56,078             47,537             62,940             18,255            251,498
  R&D                         2,315              3,498                  0                334                  0              6,147
  Industrial                    553                452                  0                224                117              1,346
  Hotels                      4,694                  0                  0                  0                  0              4,694
  Garage                      1,016                  0                  0                  0                  0              1,016
         Total               75,266             60,028             47,537             63,498             18,372            264,701
% of Grand Totals             28.43%             22.68%             17.96%             23.99%              6.94%            100.00%

Net Operating Income       $162,170           $173,678            $93,863           $122,746            $41,784           $594,241
% of Grand Totals             27.29%             29.23%             15.79%             20.66%              7.03%            100.00%
</TABLE>

For the year ended December 31, 1999:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                      New Jersey
                           Greater            Greater            Midtown          Greater San            and
                            Boston         Washington, DC       Manhattan          Francisco         Pennsylvania           Total
<S>                        <C>                <C>                <C>                <C>                 <C>               <C>

Rental Revenue:
  Class A                  $159,661           $202,323           $136,814           $158,127            $41,852           $698,777
  R&D                         5,892             18,727                  0              1,672                  0             26,291
  Industrial                  1,671              1,433                  0              1,220                675              4,999
  Hotels                     32,902                  0                  0                  0                  0             32,902
  Garage                      2,448                  0                  0                  0                  0              2,448
         Total              202,574            222,483            136,814            161,019             42,527            765,417
% of Grand Totals             26.47%             29.06%             17.87%             21.04%              5.56%            100.00%

Rental Expenses:
  Class A                    62,676             55,346             46,938             59,076             12,695            236,731
  R&D                         1,744              3,568                  0                381                  0              5,693
  Industrial                    506                450                  0                215                 83              1,254
  Hotels                      4,773                  0                  0                  0                  0              4,773
  Garage                        817                  0                  0                  0                  0                817
         Total               70,516             59,364             46,938             59,672             12,778            249,268
% of Grand Totals             28.28%             23.82%             18.83%             23.94%              5.13%            100.00%

Net Operating Income       $132,058           $163,119            $89,876           $101,347            $29,749           $516,149
% of Grand Totals             25.59%             31.60%             17.41%             19.64%              5.76%            100.00%
</TABLE>


                                       73
<PAGE>

                             BOSTON PROPERTIES, INC.

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts)

For the year ended December 31, 1998:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                      New Jersey
                           Greater            Greater            Midtown          Greater San            and
                            Boston         Washington, DC       Manhattan          Francisco         Pennsylvania           Total
<S>                         <C>               <C>                <C>                 <C>                <C>               <C>
Rental Revenue:
  Class A                   $94,284           $169,882           $129,644            $18,914            $17,407           $430,131
  R&D                         5,955             17,121                  0              1,502                  0             24,578
  Industrial                  1,611              1,431                  0              1,349                789              5,180
  Hotels                     25,944                  0                  0                  0                  0             25,944
  Garage                      1,744                  0                  0                  0                  0              1,744
         Total              129,538            188,434            129,644             21,765             18,196            487,577
% of Grand Totals             26.57%             38.65%             26.59%              4.46%              3.73%            100.00%

Rental Expenses:
  Class A                    36,591             45,156             44,787              7,099              5,663            139,296
  R&D                         1,808              3,644                  0                395                  0              5,847
  Industrial                    525                316                  0                305                107              1,253
  Hotels                      3,562                  0                  0                  0                  0              3,562
  Garage                        532                  0                  0                  0                  0                532
         Total               43,018             49,116             44,787              7,799              5,770            150,490
% of Grand Totals             28.59%             32.64%             29.76%              5.18%              3.83%            100.00%

Net Operating Income        $86,520           $139,318            $84,857            $13,966            $12,426           $337,087
% of Grand Totals             25.67%             41.33%             25.17%              4.14%              3.69%            100.00%
</TABLE>

      The following is a reconciliation of net operating income to income before
minority interests and joint venture income:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                               2000            1999           1998
                                                             --------        --------       --------
      <S>                                                    <C>             <C>            <C>
      Net operating income                                   $594,241        $516,149       $337,087

      Add:
        Development and management services                    11,837          14,708         12,411
        Interest and other                                      8,574           6,439         13,859

      Less:
        General and administrative                             35,659          29,455         22,504
        Interest expense                                      217,064         205,410        124,860
        Depreciation and amortization                         133,150         120,059         75,418
                                                             --------        --------       --------
      Income before minority interests and joint
        venture income                                       $228,779        $182,372       $140,575
                                                             ========        ========       ========
</TABLE>

13. Gain on Sale of Real Estate and Extraordinary Items

      The Company realized a loss of $0.2 million (net of minority interest
share of $0.1 million) for the year ended December 31, 2000 related to the sales
of various properties. The Company realized a gain of $6.5 million (net of
minority interest share of $2.2 million) for the year ended December 31, 1999
from the sale of a property.

      The Company incurred an extraordinary loss of $0.3 million (net of
minority interest share of $0.1 million) for the year ended December 31, 2000
from the write-off of unamortized deferred financing costs related to the early
extinguishment of a mortgage note payable. The Company incurred an extraordinary
loss of $5.5 million (net of minority interest share of $2.2


                                       74
<PAGE>

                             BOSTON PROPERTIES, INC.

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts)

million) for the year ended December 31, 1998 primarily related to fees incurred
in connection with the repayment of certain mortgage notes payable in connection
with a property acquisition.

14. Earnings Per Share

      Earnings per share is computed as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                       For the year ended December 31, 2000

                                                                    Income                Shares           Per Share
                                                                  (Numerator)          (Denominator)         Amount
                                                                  -----------          -------------         ------
<S>                                                                  <C>                    <C>               <C>
Basic Earnings Per Share:

    Income available to common shareholders                          $146,426               71,424             $2.05

Effect of Dilutive Securities:

    Stock Options and other                                                --                1,317              (.04)
                                                          ----------------------------------------------------------
Diluted Earnings Per Share:

    Income available to common shareholders                          $146,426               72,741             $2.01
                                                          ==========================================================

<CAPTION>
                                                                       For the year ended December 31, 1999

                                                                    Income                Shares           Per Share
                                                                  (Numerator)          (Denominator)         Amount
                                                                  -----------          -------------         ------
<S>                                                                  <C>                    <C>               <C>
Basic Earnings Per Share:

    Income available to common shareholders                          $113,947               66,235             $1.72

Effect of Dilutive Securities:

    Stock Options                                                          --                  541              (.01)
                                                          ----------------------------------------------------------
Diluted Earnings Per Share:

    Income available to common shareholders                          $113,947               66,776             $1.71
                                                          ==========================================================

<CAPTION>
                                                                       For the year ended December 31, 1998

                                                                    Income                Shares           Per Share
                                                                  (Numerator)          (Denominator)         Amount
                                                                  -----------          -------------         ------
<S>                                                                   <C>                   <C>               <C>

Basic Earnings Per Share:

    Income available to common shareholders                           $93,112               60,776             $1.53

Effect of Dilutive Securities:

    Stock Options                                                          --                  532              (.01)
                                                          ----------------------------------------------------------
Diluted Earnings Per Share:

    Income available to common shareholders                           $93,112               61,308             $1.52
                                                          ==========================================================
</TABLE>


                                       75
<PAGE>

                             BOSTON PROPERTIES, INC.

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts)

15. Employee Benefit Plan

      Effective January 1, 1985, the predecessor to the Company adopted a
401(k) Savings Plan (the "Plan") for its employees. Under the Plan, as amended,
employees as defined, are eligible to participate in the Plan after they have
completed three months of service. In addition, participants may elect to make
an after-tax contribution of up to 10% of their wages. Upon formation, the
Company adopted the Plan and the terms of the Plan.

      In November 1999, the Company amended the Plan by increasing the Company's
matching contribution to 200% of the first 3% from 200% of the first 2% of
participant's pay contributed (utilizing pay that is not in excess of $100) and
by eliminating the vesting requirement. The effective date of these changes was
January 1, 2000.

      The Plan provides that matching employer contributions are to be
determined at the discretion of the Company. The Company's matching contribution
for the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998 was $1,702, $889 and $583,
respectively.

16. Stock Option and Incentive Plan

      The Company has established a stock option and incentive plan for the
purpose of attracting and retaining qualified executives and rewarding them for
superior performance in achieving the Company's business goals and enhancing
stockholder value.

      Under the plan, the number of shares available for option grant is
14,699,162 shares plus as of the first day of each calendar quarter after
January 1, 2000, 9.5% of any net increase since the first day of the preceding
calendar quarter in the total number of shares of Common Stock outstanding, on a
fully converted basis (excluding Preferred Stock). The strike price on the
shares granted is equal to the market price of the Company's Common Stock on the
grant date. Shares granted under the plan vest over three or five years. The
term of each option is ten years from the date of grant.

      During the year ended December 31, 2000, the Company issued 34,822 shares
of restricted stock valued at approximately $1.0 million ($30.4375 per share).
The restricted stock vests over a five-year period, with one-fifth of the shares
vesting each year and has been recognized net of amortization as unearned
compensation on the consolidated balance sheets. There was no restricted stock
issued prior to the year 2000.

      A summary of the status of the Company's stock options as of December 31,
2000, 1999 and 1998 and changes during the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999
and 1998 are presented below:


                                       76
<PAGE>

                             BOSTON PROPERTIES, INC.

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts)

                                                           Weighted Average
                                                Shares      Exercise Price
                                                ------      --------------
      Outstanding at January 1, 1998           2,284,100        $25.00

      Granted                                  3,621,663        $34.13

      Exercised                                   (1,034)       $25.00

      Canceled                                   (66,779)       $31.61
                                               ---------        ------
      Outstanding at December 31, 1998         5,837,950        $30.58

      Granted                                  1,777,408        $33.20

      Exercised                                  (24,023)       $25.87

      Canceled                                   (35,877)       $33.38
                                               ---------        ------
      Outstanding at December 31, 1999         7,555,458        $31.20

      Granted                                  1,072,750        $30.60

      Exercised                                 (511,281)       $30.59

      Canceled                                   (15,245)       $33.20
                                               ---------        ------
      Outstanding at December 31, 2000         8,101,682        $31.15
                                               =========        ======

      The per share weighted average fair value of options granted was $3.79,
$3.98 and $5.49 for the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998,
respectively. The per share fair value of each option granted is estimated on
the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the
following weighted-average assumptions for grants in 2000, 1999 and 1998.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                   2000                  1999                  1998
                                               --------------        -------------         --------------
<S>                                               <C>                     <C>                    <C>
Dividend yield                                       6.90%                   6.08%                  4.80%
Expected life of option                           6 Years                 6 Years                6 Years
Risk-free interest rate                              6.51%                   5.07%                  5.58%
Expected stock price volatility                        20%                     20%                    20%
</TABLE>

      The following table summarizes information about stock options outstanding
at December 31, 2000:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                     Options Outstanding                            Options Exercisable
                                     -------------------                            -------------------

                          Number       Weighted Average                           Number            Weighted
   Range of           Outstanding at       Remaining      Weighted Average    Exercisable at        Average
Exercise Prices         12/31/00       Contractual Life    Exercise Price        12/31/00        Exercise Price
---------------         --------       ----------------    --------------        --------        --------------
<S>                     <C>                  <C>               <C>               <C>                 <C>
$25.00 - $36.81         8,101,682            7.47              $31.15            3,397,714           $32.11
</TABLE>


                                       77
<PAGE>

                             BOSTON PROPERTIES, INC.

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts)

      The Company applies Accounting Practice Bulletin 25 and related
interpretations in accounting for its stock option plan. Accordingly, no
compensation cost has been recognized.

      The compensation cost under SFAS 123 for the stock performance-based plan
would have been $11,993, $10,443 and $6,847 for the years ended December 31,
2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively. Had compensation cost for the Company's
grants for stock-based compensation plans been determined consistent with SFAS
123, the Company's net income, and net income per common share for 2000, 1999
and 1998 would approximate the pro forma amounts below:

                                            2000        1999        1998
                                          --------    --------     -------
Net income                                $134,433    $103,504     $86,265
Net income per common share - basic       $   1.88    $   1.56     $  1.42
Net income per common share - diluted     $   1.85    $   1.55     $  1.41

      The effects of applying SFAS 123 in this pro forma disclosure are not
indicative of future amounts. SFAS 123 does not apply to future anticipated
awards.

17. Employee Stock Purchase Plan

      The Company adopted the 1999 Non-Qualified Employee Stock Purchase Plan
(the "Stock Purchase Plan") to encourage the ownership of Common Stock by
eligible employees. The Stock Purchase Plan became effective on January 1, 1999
with an aggregate maximum of 250,000 shares of Common Stock available for
issuance. The Stock Purchase Plan provides for eligible employees to purchase at
the end of the biannual purchase periods shares of Common Stock for 85% of the
average closing price during the valuation period, as defined. The Company
issued 11,105 and 5,115 shares under the Stock Purchase Plan as of December 31,
2000 and 1999, respectively. No shares were issued in 1998.

18. Selected Interim Financial Information (unaudited)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                              2000 Quarter Ended
                                                 ------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                    March 31,            June 30,        September 30,       December 31,
                                                 ------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                  <C>                 <C>                <C>                <C>
Total revenue                                        $210,254            $217,259           $223,313           $228,527
Income before minority interest in
Operating Partnership                                  50,172              56,419             58,404             64,610
Income before gain on sale                             32,620              37,030             38,777             45,139
Net income available to common
shareholders                                           30,977              35,684             36,530             43,235
Income before gain on sale per share
- basic                                                   .46                 .52                .54                .54
Income before gain on sale per share
- diluted                                                 .45                 .51                .53                .52
</TABLE>


                                       78
<PAGE>

                             BOSTON PROPERTIES, INC.

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                              1999 Quarter Ended
                                                 ------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                    March 31,            June 30,        September 30,       December 31,
                                                 ------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                  <C>                 <C>                <C>                <C>
Total revenue                                        $187,640            $191,640           $202,137           $205,147
Income before minority interest in
Operating Partnership                                  41,485              45,410             45,270             46,061
Income before gain on sale                             25,773              28,905             29,022             29,609
Net income available to common
shareholders                                           24,934              27,223             27,418             34,372
Income before gain on sale per share
- basic                                                   .39                 .42                .40                .41
Income before gain on sale per share
- diluted                                                 .39                 .41                .40                .41
</TABLE>

19. Newly Issued Accounting Standard

      As of January 1, 2001, the Company adopted SFAS No. 133, "Accounting for
Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities" as amended by SFAS No. 137 and
SFAS No. 138 ("SFAS No. 133"). SFAS No. 133 establishes accounting and reporting
standards for derivative instruments, including certain derivative instruments
embedded in other contracts, and hedging activities. It requires the recognition
of all derivative instruments as assets or liabilities in the Company's
consolidated balance sheets at fair value. Changes in the fair value of
derivative instruments that are not designated as hedges or that do not meet the
hedge accounting criteria in SFAS No. 133 are required to be reported in
earnings. For derivatives designated as hedging instruments in qualifying cash
flow hedges, the effective portion of changes in fair value of the derivatives
are recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss until the forecasted
transactions occur and the ineffective portions are recognized in earnings.

      The nature of the Company's derivatives includes investments in warrants
to purchase shares of common stock of other companies and interest rate
agreements to protect against changes in interest rates for variable rate debt.
Based on the terms of the warrant agreements, the warrants meet the definition
of a derivative and accordingly must be marked to fair value through earnings.
The Company has been recording the warrants at fair value through accumulated
other comprehensive loss as available-for-sale securities under SFAS No. 115.
The Company estimates that, upon adoption of SFAS No. 133, it will reclass
approximately $6.8 million, the fair value of the warrants, from accumulated
other comprehensive loss to a cumulative effect of a change in accounting
principle. The Company's interest rate protection agreements will be designated
as hedging instruments in qualifying cash flow hedges. As such, the Company
estimates that upon adoption of SFAS No. 133, it will record an asset of
approximately $0.2 million and record a liability of approximately $11.4 million
for the fair values of these agreements. The offset for these entries will be to
a cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle and accumulated other
comprehensive loss, respectively. Finally, the Company estimates it will
write-off deferred charges of approximately $1.6 million as a cumulative effect
of a change in accounting principle.


                                       79
<PAGE>

                             Boston Properties, Inc.
              Schedule 3 - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation
                                December 31, 2000
                             (dollars in thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


Property Name                    Type         Location          Encumbrances        Land
-------------                    ----         --------          ------------        ----
<S>                             <C>        <C>                      <C>            <C>
Embarcadero Center              Office     San Francisco, CA        $711,325       $211,297
Prudential Center               Office     Boston, MA                367,937         77,850
Carnegie Center                 Office     Princeton, NJ             153,611        100,434
280 Park Avenue                 Office     New York, NY              270,000        125,288
599 Lexington Avenue            Office     New York, NY              225,000         81,040
875 Third Avenue                Office     New York, NY              150,959         74,880
Riverfront Plaza                Office     Richmond, VA              115,647         18,000
100 East Pratt Street           Office     Baltimore, MD              91,851         27,562
Gateway Center                  Office     San Francisco, CA          89,888         21,516
Reservoir Place                 Office     Waltham, MA                73,858         18,207
Democracy Center                Office     Bethesda, MD              107,717         12,550
Two Independence Square         Office     Washington, DC            116,377         14,053
One and Two Reston Overlook     Office     Reston, VA                 68,190         16,456
NIMA Building                   Office     Reston, VA                 21,495         10,567
Lockheed Martin Building        Office     Reston, VA                 26,289         10,210
Candler Building                Office     Baltimore, MD                   -         12,500
One Independence Square         Office     Washington, DC             74,114          9,356
2300 N Street                   Office     Washington, DC             66,000         16,509
Reston Corporate Center         Office     Reston, VA                 24,809          9,135
Capital Gallery                 Office     Washington, DC             57,161          4,725
191 Spring Street               Office     Lexington, MA              22,797          2,850
1301 New York Avenue            Office     Washington, DC             32,710          9,250
200 West Street                 Office     Waltham, MA                     -         16,148
Sumner Square                   Office     Washington, DC             28,298            624
University Place                Office     Cambridge, MA              25,253              -
500 E Street                    Office     Washington, DC                  -            109
One Cambridge Center            Office     Cambridge, MA                   -            134
Orbital Sciences, Phase One     Office     Dulles, VA                 25,761          3,150
Eight Cambridge Center          Office     Cambridge, MA              28,412            921
Ten Cambridge Center            Office     Cambridge, MA              35,741          1,299
Newport Office Park             Office     Quincy, MA                  5,923          3,500
Bedford Business Park           Office     Bedford, MA                21,717            534

<CAPTION>
                                                   Costs
                                                Capitalized
                                                Subsequent                                    Land
                                                    to         Land and    Building and     Held for
Property Name                        Building   Acquisition  Improvements  Improvements    Development
-------------                        --------   -----------  ------------  ------------    -----------
<S>                                  <C>            <C>          <C>         <C>               <C>
Embarcadero Center                   $996,442       $37,979      $212,149    $1,033,569        $     -
Prudential Center                     443,180       234,421        77,850       479,060         28,095
Carnegie Center                       340,259        14,814       107,415       338,486              -
280 Park Avenue                       201,115        31,912       125,288       233,027              -
599 Lexington Avenue                  100,507        71,381        81,040       171,888              -
875 Third Avenue                      139,151         7,756        74,880       146,907              -
Riverfront Plaza                      156,733           827        18,274       157,286              -
100 East Pratt Street                 109,662         2,515        27,562       112,177              -
Gateway Center                         86,395        14,517        22,290        87,537            193
Reservoir Place                        88,018         5,130        18,207        93,148              -
Democracy Center                       50,015        24,735        13,689        73,611              -
Two Independence Square                59,883         9,171        15,039        68,068              -
One and Two Reston Overlook            66,192             -        16,456        66,192              -
NIMA Building                          67,431             2        10,567        67,433              -
Lockheed Martin Building               58,884             -        10,210        58,884              -
Candler Building                       48,734         1,166        12,555        49,845              -
One Independence Square                33,701        17,504         9,634        50,927              -
2300 N Street                          22,415        13,284        16,509        35,699              -
Reston Corporate Center                41,398           748         9,135        42,146              -
Capital Gallery                        29,560        14,507         4,730        44,062              -
191 Spring Street                      27,166        18,775         2,850        45,941              -
1301 New York Avenue                   18,750        16,961         9,250        35,711              -
200 West Street                        24,983             5        16,148        24,988              -
Sumner Square                          28,745        10,349           958        38,760              -
University Place                       37,091           973            27        38,037              -
500 E Street                           22,420        11,448         1,569        32,408              -
One Cambridge Center                   25,110         7,200           134        32,310              -
Orbital Sciences, Phase One            26,229            18         3,150        26,247              -
Eight Cambridge Center                 25,042           262         1,101        25,124              -
Ten Cambridge Center                   12,943         7,593         1,868        19,967              -
Newport Office Park                    18,208            22         3,500        18,230              -
Bedford Business Park                   3,403        16,135           534        19,538              -

<CAPTION>
                                   Development
                                      and                                    Year(s)
                                  Construction               Accumulated      Built         Depreciable
Property Name                      in Progress     Total     Depreciation   Renovated      Lives (Years)
-------------                      -----------     -----     ------------   ---------      -------------
<S>                                   <C>        <C>              <C>       <C>                 <C>
Embarcadero Center                    $      -   $1,245,718       $57,032   1924/1989           (1)
Prudential Center                      170,446      755,451        29,552   1965/1993           (1)
Carnegie Center                          9,606      455,507        17,414   1983-1999           (1)
280 Park Avenue                              -      358,315        20,698   1968/95-96          (1)
599 Lexington Avenue                         -      252,928        79,874   1986                (1)
875 Third Avenue                             -      221,787        10,833   1982                (1)
Riverfront Plaza                             -      175,560        11,372   1990                (1)
100 East Pratt Street                        -      139,739         9,454   1975/1991           (1)
Gateway Center                          12,408      122,428         2,938   1984/1986           (1)
Reservoir Place                              -      111,355         5,184   1955/1987           (1)
Democracy Center                             -       87,300        28,590   1985-88/94-96       (1)
Two Independence Square                      -       83,107        16,791   1992                (1)
One and Two Reston Overlook                  -       82,648         2,455   1999                (1)
NIMA Building                                -       78,000         4,917   1987/1988           (1)
Lockheed Martin Building                     -       69,094         4,293   1987/1988           (1)
Candler Building                             -       62,400         2,832   1911/1990           (1)
One Independence Square                      -       60,561        16,958   1991                (1)
2300 N Street                                -       52,208        13,094   1986                (1)
Reston Corporate Center                      -       51,281         3,105   1984                (1)
Capital Gallery                              -       48,792        21,395   1981                (1)
191 Spring Street                            -       48,791        15,093   1971/1995           (1)
1301 New York Avenue                         -       44,961         1,938   1983/1998           (1)
200 West Street                              -       41,136         1,270   1999                (1)
Sumner Square                                -       39,718         1,452   1985                (1)
University Place                             -       38,064         2,327   1985                (1)
500 E Street                                 -       33,977        15,328   1987                (1)
One Cambridge Center                         -       32,444        11,909   1987                (1)
Orbital Sciences, Phase One                  -       29,397           526   2000                (1)
Eight Cambridge Center                       -       26,225           986   1999                (1)
Ten Cambridge Center                         -       21,835         7,479   1990                (1)
Newport Office Park                          -       21,730         1,594   1988                (1)
Bedford Business Park                        -       20,072         8,606   1980                (1)
</TABLE>
<PAGE>

                             Boston Properties, Inc.
              Schedule 3 - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation
                                December 31, 2000
                             (dollars in thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Property Name                    Type         Location          Encumbrances        Land
-------------                    ----         --------          ------------        ----
<S>                             <C>        <C>                        <C>             <C>
201 Spring Street               Office     Lexington, MA                   -          2,849
10 and 20 Burlington Mall
Road                            Office     Burlington, MA             16,613            930
Montvale Center                 Office     Gaithersburg, MD            7,564          1,574
Fullerton Square                Office     Springfield, VA                 -          3,045
The Arboretum                   Office     Reston, VA                      -          2,850
Three Cambridge Center          Office     Cambridge, MA                   -            174
Lexington Office Park           Office     Lexington, MA                   -            998
181 Spring Street               Office     Lexington, MA                   -          1,066
Sugarland Business Park         Office     Herndon, VA                     -          1,569
Decoverly Three                 Office     Rockville, MD                   -          2,650
Decoverly Two                   Office     Rockville, MD                   -          1,994
7700 Boston Boulevard,
Building Twelve                 Office     Springfield, VA                 -          1,105
7501 Boston Boulevard,
Building Seven                  Office     Springfield, VA                 -            665
91 Hartwell Avenue              Office     Lexington, MA              11,322            784
92-100 Hayden Avenue            Office     Lexington, MA               9,065            594
195 West Street                 Office     Waltham, MA                     -          1,611
Waltham Office Center           Office     Waltham, MA                     -            422
Eleven Cambridge Center         Office     Cambridge, MA                   -            121
7435 Boston Boulevard,
Building One                    Office     Springfield, VA                 -            392
170 Tracer Lane                 Office     Waltham, MA                     -            398
7450 Boston Boulevard,
Building Three                  Office     Springfield, VA                 -          1,165
8000 Grainger Court,
Building Five                   Office     Springfield, VA                 -            366
Fourteen Cambridge Center       Office     Cambridge, MA                   -            110
32 Hartwell Avenue              Office     Lexington, MA                   -            168
7600 Boston Boulevard,
Building Nine                   Office     Springfield, VA                 -            127
7601 Boston Boulevard,
Building Eight                  Office     Springfield, VA                 -            200
7500 Boston Boulevard,
Building Six                    Office     Springfield, VA                 -            138
33 Hayden Avenue                Office     Lexington, MA                   -            266
8000 Corporate Court,
Building Eleven                 Office     Springfield, VA                 -            136
7375 Boston Boulevard,
Building Ten                    Office     Springfield, VA                 -             23
7451 Boston Boulevard,
Building Two                    Office     Springfield, VA                 -            249
204 Second Avenue               Office     Waltham, MA                     -             37
7374 Boston Boulevard,
Building Four                   Office     Springfield, VA                 -            241

<CAPTION>
                                                 Costs
                                              Capitalized
                                               Subsequent                                    Land
                                                   to         Land and    Building and     Held for
Property Name                       Building   Acquisition  Improvements  Improvements    Development
-------------                       --------   -----------  ------------  ------------    ------------
<S>                                   <C>           <C>            <C>         <C>                  <C>
201 Spring Street                     15,303            63         2,849        15,366              -
10 and 20 Burlington Mall
Road                                   6,928         9,320           938        16,240              -
Montvale Center                        9,786         4,361         2,399        13,322              -
Fullerton Square                      11,522           622         3,045        12,144              -
The Arboretum                          9,025         2,380         2,850        11,405              -
Three Cambridge Center                12,200         1,257           174        13,457              -
Lexington Office Park                  1,426        11,088         1,073        12,439              -
181 Spring Street                      9,520         1,924         1,066        11,444              -
Sugarland Business Park                5,955         4,108         1,569        10,063              -
Decoverly Three                        8,465            40         2,650         8,505              -
Decoverly Two                          8,814            94         1,994         8,908              -
7700 Boston Boulevard,
Building Twelve                        9,077           259         1,105         9,336              -
7501 Boston Boulevard,
Building Seven                         9,273             9           665         9,282              -
91 Hartwell Avenue                     6,464         2,420           784         8,884              -
92-100 Hayden Avenue                   6,748         2,229           594         8,977              -
195 West Street                        6,652           622         1,611         7,274              -
Waltham Office Center                  2,719         5,290           425         8,006              -
Eleven Cambridge Center                5,535         2,316           121         7,851              -
7435 Boston Boulevard,
Building One                           3,822         2,277           486         6,005              -
170 Tracer Lane                        4,601         1,396           418         5,977              -
7450 Boston Boulevard,
Building Three                         4,681           248         1,327         4,767              -
8000 Grainger Court,
Building Five                          4,282           995           453         5,190              -
Fourteen Cambridge Center              4,483           569           110         5,052              -
32 Hartwell Avenue                     1,943         2,741           168         4,684              -
7600 Boston Boulevard,
Building Nine                          2,839         1,743           189         4,520              -
7601 Boston Boulevard,
Building Eight                           878         3,506           378         4,206              -
7500 Boston Boulevard,
Building Six                           3,749           323           273         3,937              -
33 Hayden Avenue                       3,234           181           266         3,415              -
8000 Corporate Court,
Building Eleven                        3,071           153           271         3,089              -
7375 Boston Boulevard,
Building Ten                           2,685           630            47         3,291              -
7451 Boston Boulevard,
Building Two                           1,542         1,510           535         2,766              -
204 Second Avenue                      2,402           822            37         3,224              -
7374 Boston Boulevard,
Building Four                          1,605           439           303         1,982              -

<CAPTION>
                                 Development
                                    and                                   Year(s)
                                Construction               Accumulated     Built                Depreciable
Property Name                    in Progress     Total     Depreciation   Renovated            Lives (Years)
-------------                    -----------     -----     ------------   ---------            -------------
<S>                                        <C>     <C>            <C>     <C>                      <C>
201 Spring Street                          -       18,215         1,620   1997                     (1)
10 and 20 Burlington Mall
Road                                       -       17,178         6,829   1984-1989/95-96          (1)
Montvale Center                            -       15,721         5,462   1987                     (1)
Fullerton Square                           -       15,189           866   1987                     (1)
The Arboretum                              -       14,255           709   1999                     (1)
Three Cambridge Center                     -       13,631         4,522   1987                     (1)
Lexington Office Park                      -       13,512         5,661   1982                     (1)
181 Spring Street                          -       12,510           264   1999                     (1)
Sugarland Business Park                    -       11,632         1,517   1986/1997                (1)
Decoverly Three                            -       11,155           548   1989                     (1)
Decoverly Two                              -       10,902           656   1987                     (1)
7700 Boston Boulevard,
Building Twelve                            -       10,441           902   1997                     (1)
7501 Boston Boulevard,
Building Seven                             -        9,947           772   1997                     (1)
91 Hartwell Avenue                         -        9,668         4,040   1985                     (1)
92-100 Hayden Avenue                       -        9,571         3,521   1985                     (1)
195 West Street                            -        8,885         2,142   1990                     (1)
Waltham Office Center                      -        8,431         3,831   1968-1970/87-88          (1)
Eleven Cambridge Center                    -        7,972         2,974   1984                     (1)
7435 Boston Boulevard,
Building One                               -        6,491         2,853   1982                     (1)
170 Tracer Lane                            -        6,395         3,542   1980                     (1)
7450 Boston Boulevard,
Building Three                             -        6,094           333   1987                     (1)
8000 Grainger Court,
Building Five                              -        5,643         2,148   1984                     (1)
Fourteen Cambridge Center                  -        5,162         2,067   1983                     (1)
32 Hartwell Avenue                         -        4,852         3,497   1968-1979/1987           (1)
7600 Boston Boulevard,
Building Nine                              -        4,709         1,957   1987                     (1)
7601 Boston Boulevard,
Building Eight                             -        4,584         1,711   1986                     (1)
7500 Boston Boulevard,
Building Six                               -        4,210         1,597   1985                     (1)
33 Hayden Avenue                           -        3,681         1,709   1979                     (1)
8000 Corporate Court,
Building Eleven                            -        3,360           983   1989                     (1)
7375 Boston Boulevard,
Building Ten                               -        3,338         1,207   1988                     (1)
7451 Boston Boulevard,
Building Two                               -        3,301         2,028   1982                     (1)
204 Second Avenue                          -        3,261         1,645   1981/1993                (1)
7374 Boston Boulevard,
Building Four                              -        2,285           896   1984                     (1)
</TABLE>
<PAGE>

                             Boston Properties, Inc.
              Schedule 3 - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation
                                December 31, 2000
                             (dollars in thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>




Property Name                    Type         Location          Encumbrances        Land
-------------                    ----         --------          ------------        ----
<S>                           <C>          <C>                        <C>             <C>
164 Lexington Road              Office     Billerica, MA                   -            592
Hilltop Business Center         Office     San Francisco, CA           5,738             53
17 Hartwell Avenue              Office     Lexington, MA                   -             26
6201 Columbia Park Road,
Building Two                  Industrial   Landover, MD                    -            505
38 Cabot Boulevard            Industrial   Langhorne, PA                   -            329
40-46 Harvard Street          Industrial   Westwood, MA                    -            351
2000 South Club Drive,
Building Three                Industrial   Landover, MD                    -            465
25-33 Dartmouth Street        Industrial   Westwood, MA                    -            273
2391 West Winton Avenue       Industrial   Hayward, CA                     -            182
430 Rozzi Place               Industrial   San Francisco, CA               -              9
560 Forbes Boulevard          Industrial   San Francisco, CA               -              9
Cambridge Center Marriott        Hotel     Cambridge, MA                   -            478
Long Wharf Marriott              Hotel     Boston, MA                      -          1,752
Residence Inn by Marriott        Hotel     Cambridge, MA                   -          2,307
Cambridge Center North
Garage                          Garage     Cambridge, MA                   -          1,163
Five Times Square             Development  New York, NY              184,157              -
Times Square Tower            Development  New York, NY                    -              -
New Dominion Technology
Park, One                     Development  Herndon, VA                98,142              -
Plaza at Almaden              Development  San Jose, CA                    -              -
2600 Tower Oaks Boulevard     Development  Rockville, MD              18,083              -
Waltham/Weston Corporate
Center                        Development  Waltham, MA                     -              -
Quorum Office Park            Development  Chelmsford, MA             11,111              -
Orbital Sciences, Phase Two   Development  Dulles, VA                  8,032              -
One Preserve Parkway          Development  Rockville, MD                   -              -
40 Shattuck Road              Development  Andover, MA                 6,224              -
Broad Run Business Park,
Building E                    Development  Loudon County, VA               -              -
Decoverly Seven               Development  Rockville, MD                   -              -
ITT Educational Services
Building                      Development  Springfield, VA                 -              -
Tower Oaks Master Plan           Land      Rockville, MD                   -              -
Washingtonian North              Land      Gaithersburg, MD                -              -
Crane Meadow                     Land      Marlborough, MA                 -              -
Broad Run Business Park          Land      Loudon County, VA               -              -
12050 Sunset Hills Road          Land      Reston, VA                      -              -

<CAPTION>
                                                Costs
                                              Capitalized
                                              Subsequent                                    Land
                                                  to         Land and    Building and     Held for
Property Name                      Building   Acquisition  Improvements  Improvements    Development
-------------                      --------   -----------  ------------  ------------    -----------
<S>                                  <C>          <C>             <C>          <C>                 <C>
164 Lexington Road                    1,370           132           592         1,502              -
Hilltop Business Center                 492         1,504           109         1,940              -
17 Hartwell Avenue                      150           587            26           737              -
6201 Columbia Park Road,
Building Two                          2,746         1,227           960         3,518              -
38 Cabot Boulevard                    1,238         2,608           329         3,846              -
40-46 Harvard Street                  1,782         1,327           351         3,109              -
2000 South Club Drive,
Building Three                        2,125           740           859         2,471              -
25-33 Dartmouth Street                1,596           503           273         2,099              -
2391 West Winton Avenue               1,217           615           182         1,832              -
430 Rozzi Place                         217            33             9           250              -
560 Forbes Boulevard                    120             -             9           120              -
Cambridge Center Marriott            37,918         7,806           478        45,724              -
Long Wharf Marriott                  31,904         9,302         1,752        41,206              -
Residence Inn by Marriott            22,732            75         2,307        22,807              -
Cambridge Center North
Garage                               11,633           147         1,163        11,780              -
Five Times Square                         -       273,773             -             -              -
Times Square Tower                        -       175,724             -             -              -
New Dominion Technology
Park, One                                 -        41,870             -             -              -
Plaza at Almaden                          -        26,956             -             -              -
2600 Tower Oaks Boulevard                 -        26,315             -             -              -
Waltham/Weston Corporate
Center                                    -        20,533             -             -              -
Quorum Office Park                        -        16,165             -             -              -
Orbital Sciences, Phase Two               -        13,642             -             -              -
One Preserve Parkway                      -         9,057             -             -              -
40 Shattuck Road                          -         8,381             -             -              -
Broad Run Business Park,
Building E                                -         6,531             -             -              -
Decoverly Seven                           -         5,290             -             -              -
ITT Educational Services
Building                                  -           781             -             -              -
Tower Oaks Master Plan                    -        19,195             -             -         19,195
Washingtonian North                       -        16,175             -             -         16,175
Crane Meadow                              -         7,760             -             -          7,760
Broad Run Business Park                   -         5,575             -             -          5,575
12050 Sunset Hills Road                   -         5,529             -             -          5,529

<CAPTION>
                              Development
                                  and                                   Year(s)
                              Construction               Accumulated     Built          Depreciable
Property Name                  in Progress     Total     Depreciation   Renovated      Lives (Years)
-------------                  -----------     -----     ------------   ---------      -------------
<S>                                <C>          <C>            <C>      <C>                 <C>
164 Lexington Road                       -        2,094           199   1982                (1)
Hilltop Business Center                  -        2,049           914   early 1970's        (1)
17 Hartwell Avenue                       -          763           579   1968                (1)
6201 Columbia Park Road,
Building Two                             -        4,478         1,650   1986                (1)
38 Cabot Boulevard                       -        4,175         2,581   1972/1984           (1)
40-46 Harvard Street                     -        3,460         3,100   1967/1996           (1)
2000 South Club Drive,
Building Three                           -        3,330           987   1988                (1)
25-33 Dartmouth Street                   -        2,372         1,564   1966/1996           (1)
2391 West Winton Avenue                  -        2,014         1,101   1974                (1)
430 Rozzi Place                          -          259            52   early 1970's        (1)
560 Forbes Boulevard                     -          129            74   early 1970's        (1)
Cambridge Center Marriott                -       46,202        15,196   1986                (1)
Long Wharf Marriott                      -       42,958        18,909   1982                (1)
Residence Inn by Marriott                -       25,114           735   1999                (1)
Cambridge Center North
Garage                                   -       12,943         3,325   1990                (1)
Five Times Square                  273,773      273,773             -   Various             N/A
Times Square Tower                 175,724      175,724             -   Various             N/A
New Dominion Technology
Park, One                           41,870       41,870             -   Various             N/A
Plaza at Almaden                    26,956       26,956             -   Various             N/A
2600 Tower Oaks Boulevard           26,315       26,315             -   Various             N/A
Waltham/Weston Corporate
Center                              20,533       20,533             -   Various             N/A
Quorum Office Park                  16,165       16,165             -   Various             N/A
Orbital Sciences, Phase Two         13,642       13,642             -   Various             N/A
One Preserve Parkway                 9,057        9,057             -   Various             N/A
40 Shattuck Road                     8,381        8,381             -   Various             N/A
Broad Run Business Park,
Building E                           6,531        6,531             -   Various             N/A
Decoverly Seven                      5,290        5,290             -   Various             N/A
ITT Educational Services
Building                               781          781             -   Various             N/A
Tower Oaks Master Plan                   -       19,195             -   Various             N/A
Washingtonian North                      -       16,175             -   Various             N/A
Crane Meadow                             -        7,760             -   Various             N/A
Broad Run Business Park                  -        5,575             -   Various             N/A
12050 Sunset Hills Road                  -        5,529             -   Various             N/A
</TABLE>
<PAGE>

                             Boston Properties, Inc.
              Schedule 3 - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation
                                December 31, 2000
                             (dollars in thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>




Property Name                    Type         Location          Encumbrances        Land
-------------                    ----         --------          ------------        ----
<S>                              <C>       <C>                    <C>              <C>
12280 Sunrise Valley Drive       Land      Reston, VA                      -              -
New Dominion Technology
Park, Two                        Land      Herndon, VA                     -              -
599 Van Buren Street             Land      Herndon, VA                     -              -
Decoverly Six                    Land      Rockville, MD                   -              -
Cambridge Master Plan            Land      Cambridge, MA                   -              -
Decoverly Five                   Land      Rockville, MD                   -              -
Decoverly Four                   Land      Rockville, MD                   -              -
Seven Cambridge Center           Land      Cambridge, MA                   -              -
30 Shattuck Road                 Land      Andover, MA                     -              -
Virginia Master Plan             Land      Springfield, VA                 -              -
                                                                  ----------       --------
                                                                  $3,414,891       $948,165
                                                                  ==========       ========

<CAPTION>
                                                   Costs
                                                Capitalized
                                                 Subsequent                                    Land
                                                     to         Land and    Building and     Held for
Property Name                         Building   Acquisition  Improvements  Improvements    Development
-------------                         --------   -----------  ------------  ------------    -----------
<S>                                 <C>           <C>             <C>         <C>              <C>
12280 Sunrise Valley Drive                   -         3,902             -             -          3,902
New Dominion Technology
Park, Two                                    -         3,827             -             -          3,827
599 Van Buren Street                         -         3,640             -             -          3,640
Decoverly Six                                -         3,624             -             -          3,624
Cambridge Master Plan                        -         2,969             -             -          2,969
Decoverly Five                               -         1,806             -             -          1,806
Decoverly Four                               -         1,785             -             -          1,785
Seven Cambridge Center                       -         1,157             -             -          1,157
30 Shattuck Road                             -         1,007             -             -          1,007
Virginia Master Plan                         -           766             -             -            766
                                    ----------    ----------      --------    ----------       --------
                                    $3,718,234    $1,388,386      $965,140    $4,165,162       $107,005
                                    ==========    ==========      ========    ==========       ========

<CAPTION>
                                   Development
                                      and                                    Year(s)
                                  Construction               Accumulated      Built         Depreciable
Property Name                      in Progress     Total     Depreciation   Renovated      Lives (Years)
-------------                      -----------     -----     ------------   ---------      -------------
<S>                                   <C>        <C>             <C>        <C>                 <C>
12280 Sunrise Valley Drive                   -        3,902             -   Various             N/A
New Dominion Technology
Park, Two                                    -        3,827             -   Various             N/A
599 Van Buren Street                         -        3,640             -   Various             N/A
Decoverly Six                                -        3,624             -   Various             N/A
Cambridge Master Plan                        -        2,969             -   Various             N/A
Decoverly Five                               -        1,806             -   Various             N/A
Decoverly Four                               -        1,785             -   Various             N/A
Seven Cambridge Center                       -        1,157             -   Various             N/A
30 Shattuck Road                             -        1,007             -   Various             N/A
Virginia Master Plan                         -          766             -   Various             N/A
                                      --------   ----------      --------
                                      $817,478   $6,054,785      $553,264
                                      ========   ==========      ========
</TABLE>

(1)   Depreciation of the buildings and improvements are calculated over lives
      ranging from the life of the lease to 40 years.

(2)   The aggregate cost and accumulated depreciation for tax purposes was
      approximately $4,900,000 and $820,000, respectively.
<PAGE>

                             Boston Properties, Inc.
                    Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation
                               December 31, 2000
                             (dollars in thousands)

A summary of activity for real estate and accumulated depreciation is as
follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            2000           1999           1998
                                                        -----------    -----------    -----------
<S>                                                     <C>            <C>            <C>
Real Estate:

     Balance at the beginning of the year               $ 5,570,887    $ 4,881,483    $ 1,754,780

         Additions to and improvements of real estate       759,540        691,199      3,129,121

         Assets sold and written-off                       (275,642)        (1,795)        (2,418)
                                                        -----------    -----------    -----------
     Balance at the end of the year                     $ 6,054,785    $ 5,570,887    $ 4,881,483
                                                        ===========    ===========    ===========

Accumulated Depreciation:

     Balance at the beginning of the year               $   445,138    $   336,165    $   266,987

         Depreciation expense                               118,748        110,768         71,596

         Assets sold and written-off                        (10,622)        (1,795)        (2,418)
                                                        -----------    -----------    -----------
     Balance at the end of the year                     $   553,264    $   445,138    $   336,165
                                                        ===========    ===========    ===========
</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
