<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>tenk09.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 10-K FOR THE YEAR ENDED 12/31/09
<TEXT>
    As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 26, 2010
===============================================================================

                                  UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                                    FORM 10-K
          (Mark One)

|X|   ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
      EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

         For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009

                                       OR

|_|   TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
      EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
         For the transition period from _____________ to ______________

                           Commission File No. 0-19341

                            BOK FINANCIAL CORPORATION
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

         Oklahoma                                        73-1373454
(State or other jurisdiction of              (IRS Employer Identification No.)
incorporation or organization)


   Bank of Oklahoma Tower
       P.O. Box 2300
      Tulsa, Oklahoma                                       74192
(Address of principal executive offices)                 (Zip code)

                                 (918) 588-6000
              (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

        Securities registered pursuant to Section 12 (b) of the Act: None

          Securities registered pursuant to Section 12 (g) of the Act:
                        Common stock, $0.00006 par value

     Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known  seasoned  issuer,
as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes |X| No |_|

     Indicate by check mark if the  registrant  is not  required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15 (d) of the Act. Yes |_| No |X|

      Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.
Yes  |X|  No  |_|

      Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item
405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. |_|

      Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting
company. See definitions of "larger accelerated filer," "accelerated filer" and
"smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):
Large accelerated filer  |X|     Accelerated filer  |_|
Non-accelerated filer  |_|  Smaller reporting company  |_|

     Indicate  by check mark  whether  the  registrant  is a shell  company  (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes |_| No |X|

      The aggregate market value of the registrant's common stock ("Common
Stock") held by non-affiliates is approximately $945,143,201 (based on the June
30, 2009 closing price of Common Stock of $37.67 per share). As of January 31,
2010, there were 67,809,896 shares of Common Stock outstanding.

                       DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

        Part III incorporates certain information by reference from the
Registrant's Proxy Statement for the 2010 Annual Meeting of Shareholders.

===============================================================================

<PAGE>

                            BOK FINANCIAL CORPORATION
                           ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K
                                      INDEX
ITEM                                                                PAGE

                                     PART I
1.      Business                                                        1

1A.     Risk Factors                                                    6

1B.     Unresolved Staff Comments                                       9

2.      Properties                                                      9

3.      Legal Proceedings                                               9

4.      Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders             9

                                     PART II

5.      Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related
        Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities   10

6.      Selected Financial Data                                         11

7.      Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
        and Results of Operations                                       12

7A.     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk      62

8.      Financial Statements and Supplementary Data                     64

9.      Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on
        Accounting and Financial Disclosure                             122

9A.     Controls and Procedures                                         122

9B.     Other Information                                               122

                                    PART III

10.     Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance          123

11.     Executive Compensation                                          123

12.     Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
        Management and Related Stockholder Matters                      123

13.     Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and
        Director Independence                                           123

14.     Principal Accountant Fees and Services                          123

                                     PART IV

15.     Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules                         123

        Signatures                                                      130

        Chief Executive Officer Section 302 Certification, Exhibit 31.1 132

        Chief Financial Officer Section 302 Certification, Exhibit 31.2 133

        Section 906 Certifications, Exhibit 32                          134

<PAGE> 1
                                     PART I
ITEM 1.   BUSINESS

                                     General

Developments relating to individual aspects of the business of BOK Financial
Corporation ("BOK Financial" or "the Company") are described below. Additional
discussion of the Company's activities during the current year appears within
Item 7 "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations."

                             Description of Business

BOK Financial is a financial holding company whose activities are limited by the
Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 ("BHCA"), as amended by the Financial Services
Modernization Act or Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act. BOK Financial offers full service
banking in Oklahoma, Dallas, Fort Worth and Houston, Texas, Albuquerque, New
Mexico, Northwest Arkansas, Denver, Colorado, Phoenix, Arizona, and Kansas City,
Kansas/Missouri. Principal subsidiaries are Bank of Oklahoma, N.A. ("BOk"), Bank
of Texas, N.A., Bank of Albuquerque, N.A., Bank of Arkansas, N.A., Colorado
State Bank and Trust, N.A., Bank of Arizona, N.A., and Bank of Kansas City, N.A.
(collectively, the "Banks"). Other subsidiaries include BOSC, Inc., a
broker/dealer that engages in retail and institutional securities sales and
municipal bond underwriting. Other non-bank subsidiary operations do not have a
significant effect on the Company's financial statements.

Our overall strategic objective is to emphasize growth in long-term value by
building on our leadership position in Oklahoma and expanding into high-growth
markets. We have a solid position in Oklahoma and are the state's second largest
financial institution as measured by deposit market share. Since 1997, we have
expanded into Dallas, Fort Worth and Houston, Texas, Albuquerque, New Mexico,
Denver, Colorado, Phoenix, Arizona, and Kansas City, Kansas/Missouri. We are
currently exploring opportunities for further growth in these markets.

Our primary focus is to provide a broad range of financial products and
services, including loans and deposits, cash management services, fiduciary
services, mortgage banking and brokerage and trading services to middle-market
businesses, financial institutions and consumers. Our revenue sources are
diversified. Approximately 40% of our 2009 revenue came from commissions and
fees.

Commercial banking is a significant part of our business. Our credit culture
emphasizes building relationships by making high quality loans and providing a
full range of financial products and services to our customers. Our energy
financing expertise enables us to offer commodity derivatives for customers to
use in their risk management and positioning activities.

In a more normal operating environment our acquisition strategy targets quality
organizations that have demonstrated solid growth in their business lines. We
provide additional growth opportunities by hiring talent to enhance
competitiveness, adding locations, and broadening product offerings. Our
operating philosophy embraces local decision-making for each of our bank
subsidiaries while adhering to common standards. In the current distressed
operating environment we are actively looking to participate in FDIC-assisted
acquisitions in existing markets.

BOK Financial's corporate headquarters is located at Bank of Oklahoma Tower,
P.O. Box 2300, Tulsa, Oklahoma 74192.

The Company's Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q,
Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports are available on the
Company's website at www.bokf.com as soon as reasonably practicable after the
Company electronically files such material with or furnishes it to the
Securities and Exchange Commission.

                               Operating Segments

BOK Financial operates three principal lines of business: commercial banking,
consumer banking and wealth management. Commercial banking includes lending,
treasury and cash management services and customer risk management products for
small businesses, middle market and larger commercial customers. Commercial
banking also includes the TransFund electronic funds network. Consumer banking
includes retail lending and deposit services and all mortgage banking
activities. Wealth management provides fiduciary services, brokerage and
trading, private bank services and investment advisory services in all markets.
Discussion of these principal lines of business appears within the Lines of
Business section of "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations" and within Note 17 of the Company's Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements, both of which appear elsewhere herein.

<PAGE> 2

                                   Competition

BOK Financial and its operating segments face competition from other banks,
thrifts, credit unions and other non-bank financial institutions, such as
investment banking firms, investment advisory firms, brokerage firms, investment
companies, government agencies, mortgage brokers and insurance companies. The
Company competes largely on the basis of customer services, interest rates on
loans and deposits, lending limits and customer convenience. Some operating
segments face competition from institutions that are not as closely regulated as
banks, and therefore are not limited by the same capital requirements and other
restrictions. All market share information presented below is based upon share
of deposits in specified areas according to SNL DataSource as of December 31,
2009.

BOk is the largest banking subsidiary of BOK Financial and has the second
largest market share in Oklahoma with 11% of the state's total deposits. In the
Tulsa and Oklahoma City areas, BOk has 24% and 8% of the market share,
respectively. BOk competes with two banks that have operations nationwide and
have greater access to funds at lower costs, higher lending limits, and greater
access to technology resources. BOk also competes with regional and locally
owned banks in both the Tulsa and Oklahoma City areas, as well as in every other
community in which we do business throughout the state.

Through other subsidiary banks, BOK Financial competes in Dallas, Fort Worth and
Houston, Texas, Albuquerque, New Mexico, Denver, Colorado, Phoenix, Arizona,
Northwest Arkansas, and Kansas City, Kansas/Missouri. Bank of Texas competes
against numerous financial institutions, including some of the largest in the
United States, and has a market share of approximately 2% in the Dallas, Fort
Worth area and 1% in the Houston area. Bank of Albuquerque has a number four
market share position with 10% of deposits in the Albuquerque area and competes
with two large national banks, some regional banks and several locally-owned
smaller community banks. Colorado State Bank and Trust has a market share of
approximately 2% in the Denver area. Bank of Arizona operates as a community
bank with locations in Phoenix, Mesa and Scottsdale. Bank of Arkansas serves
Benton and Washington counties in Arkansas, and Bank of Kansas City serves the
Kansas City, Kansas/Missouri market. The Company's ability to expand into
additional states remains subject to various federal and state laws.

                                    Employees

As of December 31, 2009, BOK Financial and its subsidiaries employed 4,355
full-time equivalent employees. None of the Company's employees are represented
by collective bargaining agreements. Management considers its employee relations
to be good.

                           Supervision and Regulation

BOK Financial and its subsidiaries are subject to extensive regulations under
federal and state laws. These regulations are designed to protect depositors,
the Bank Insurance Fund and the banking system as a whole and not necessarily to
protect shareholders and creditors. As detailed below, these regulations may
restrict the Company's ability to diversify, to acquire other institutions and
to pay dividends on its capital stock. They also may require the Company to
provide financial support to its subsidiaries, maintain certain capital balances
and pay higher deposit insurance premiums.

During 2009, legislation was proposed in Congress to restructure and strengthen
supervision and regulation of the financial services industry in the United
States. It is generally probable that laws and regulations affecting banks will
increase and become more restrictive and costly. The likelihood and timing of
any specific new proposals or legislation and the impact they might have on the
Company and its subsidiaries cannot be predicted at this time.

The following information summarizes certain existing laws and regulations that
affect the Company's operations. It does not discuss all provisions of these
laws and regulations and it does not summarize all laws and regulations that
affect the Company.

General

As a financial holding company, BOK Financial is regulated under the BHCA and is
subject to regular inspection, examination and supervision by the Board of
Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the "Federal Reserve Board"). Under the
BHCA, BOK Financial files quarterly reports and other information with the
Federal Reserve Board.

The Banks are organized as national banking associations under the National
Banking Act, and are subject to regulation, supervision and examination by the
Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (the "OCC"), the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation (the "FDIC"), the Federal Reserve Board and other federal
and state regulatory agencies. The OCC has primary supervisory responsibility
for national banks and must approve certain corporate or structural changes,
including changes in capitalization, payment of dividends, change of place of
business, and establishment of a branch or operating subsidiary. The OCC
performs its functions through national bank examiners who provide the OCC with
information concerning the soundness of a national bank, the quality of
management and directors, and compliance with applicable regulations. The
National Banking Act authorizes the OCC to examine every national bank as often
as necessary.

<PAGE> 3

A financial holding company, and the companies under its control, are permitted
to engage in activities considered "financial in nature" as defined by the
Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and Federal Reserve Board interpretations, and therefore
may engage in a broader range of activities than permitted for bank holding
companies and their subsidiaries. Activities that are "financial in nature"
include securities underwriting and dealing, insurance underwriting, operating a
mortgage company, credit card company or factoring company, performing certain
data processing operations, servicing loans and other extensions of credit,
providing investment and financial advice, owning and operating savings and loan
associations, and leasing personal property on a full pay-out, non-operating
basis. In order for a financial holding company to commence any new activity
permitted by the BHCA, each insured depository institution subsidiary of the
financial holding company must have received a rating of at least satisfactory
in its most recent examination under the Community Reinvestment Act. A financial
holding company is required to notify the Federal Reserve Board within thirty
days of engaging in new activities determined to be "financial in nature." BOK
Financial is engaged in some of these activities and has notified the Federal
Reserve Board.

The BHCA requires the Federal Reserve Board's prior approval for the direct or
indirect acquisition of more than five percent of any class of voting stock of
any non-affiliated bank. Under the Federal Bank Merger Act, the prior approval
of the OCC is required for a national bank to merge with another bank or
purchase the assets or assume the deposits of another bank. In reviewing
applications seeking approval of merger and acquisition transactions, the bank
regulatory authorities consider, among other things, the competitive effect and
public benefits of the transactions, the capital position of the combined
organization, the applicant's performance record under the Community
Reinvestment Act and fair housing laws and the effectiveness of the subject
organizations in combating money laundering activities.

A financial holding company and its subsidiaries are prohibited under the BHCA
from engaging in certain tie-in arrangements in connection with the provision of
any credit, property or services. Thus, a subsidiary of a financial holding
company may not extend credit, lease or sell property, furnish any services or
fix or vary the consideration for these activities on the condition that (1) the
customer obtain or provide additional credit, property or services from or to
the financial holding company or any subsidiary thereof, or (2) the customer may
not obtain some other credit, property or services from a competitor, except to
the extent reasonable conditions are imposed to insure the soundness of credit
extended.

The Banks and other non-bank subsidiaries are also subject to other federal and
state laws and regulations. For example, BOSC, Inc., the Company's broker/dealer
subsidiary that engages in retail and institutional securities sales and
municipal bond underwriting, is regulated by the Securities and Exchange
Commission, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA), the Federal
Reserve Board, and state securities regulators. As another example, Bank of
Arkansas is subject to certain consumer-protection laws incorporated in the
Arkansas Constitution, which, among other restrictions, limit the maximum
interest rate on general loans to five percent above the Federal Reserve
Discount Rate and limit the rate on consumer loans to the lower of five percent
above the discount rate or seventeen percent.

Capital Adequacy and Prompt Corrective Action

The Federal Reserve Board, the OCC and the FDIC have issued substantially
similar risk-based and leverage capital guidelines applicable to United States
banking organizations to ensure capital adequacy based upon the risk levels of
assets and off-balance sheet financial instruments. In addition, these
regulatory agencies may from time to time require that a banking organization
maintain capital above the minimum levels, whether because of its financial
condition or actual or anticipated growth. Capital adequacy guidelines and
prompt corrective action regulations involve quantitative measures of assets,
liabilities, and certain off-balance sheet items calculated under regulatory
accounting practices. Capital amounts and classifications are also subject to
qualitative judgments by regulators regarding components, risk weighting and
other factors.

The Federal Reserve Board risk-based guidelines define a three-tier capital
framework. Core capital (Tier 1) includes common shareholders' equity and
qualifying preferred stock, less goodwill, most intangible assets and other
adjustments. Supplementary capital (Tier 2) consists of preferred stock not
qualifying as Tier 1 capital, qualifying mandatory convertible debt securities,
limited amounts of subordinated debt, other qualifying term debt and allowances
for credit losses, subject to limitations. Market risk capital (Tier 3) includes
qualifying unsecured subordinated debt. Assets and off-balance sheet exposures
are assigned to one of four categories of risk-weights, based primarily upon
relative credit risk. Risk-based capital ratios are calculated by dividing Tier
1 and total capital by risk-weighted assets. For a depository institution to be
considered well capitalized under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective
action, the institution's Tier 1 and total capital ratios must be at least 6%
and 10% on a risk-adjusted basis, respectively. As of December 31, 2009, BOK
Financial's Tier 1 and total capital ratios under these guidelines were 10.86%
and 14.43%, respectively.

The leverage ratio is determined by dividing Tier 1 capital by adjusted average
total assets. Banking organizations are required to maintain a ratio of at least
5% to be classified as well capitalized. BOK Financial's leverage ratio at
December 31, 2009 was 8.05%.

The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991 (the
"FDICIA"), among other things, identifies five capital categories for insured
depository institutions from well capitalized to critically undercapitalized and
requires the respective federal regulatory agencies to implement systems for
prompt corrective action for institutions failing to meet

<PAGE> 4

minimum   capital   requirements   within  such   categories.   FDICIA   imposes
progressively more restrictive  covenants on operations,  management and capital
distributions,   depending   upon  the  category  in  which  an  institution  is
classified.

The various regulatory agencies have adopted substantially similar regulations
that define the five capital categories identified by FDICIA, using the total
risk-based capital, Tier 1 risk-based capital and leverage capital ratios as the
relevant capital measures. Such regulations establish various degrees of
corrective action to be taken when an institution is considered
undercapitalized. Under these guidelines, each of the Banks was considered well
capitalized as of December 31, 2009.

The federal regulatory authorities' risk-based capital guidelines are based upon
the 1988 capital accord of the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the
"BIS"). The BIS is a committee of central banks and bank supervisors/regulators
from the major industrialized countries that develops broad policy guidelines
for use by each country's supervisors in determining the supervisory policies
they apply. In 2004, the BIS published a new capital accord to replace its 1988
capital accord, with an update in November 2005 ("Basel II"). Basel II provides
two approaches for setting capital standards for credit risk -- an internal
ratings-based approach tailored to individual institutions' circumstances (which
for many asset classes is itself broken into a "foundation" approach and an
"advanced or A-IRB" approach, the availability of which is subject to additional
restrictions) and a standardized approach that bases risk weightings on external
credit assessments to a much greater extent than permitted in existing
risk-based capital guidelines. Basel II also would set capital requirements for
operational risk and refine the existing capital requirements for market risk
exposures.

In 2009, BIS announced enhancements to the Basel II framework. In general, these
enhancements involve higher capital requirements, further supervisory review and
guidance, and increased disclosures. Higher capital requirements would apply to
certain items such as liquidity facilities and other off-balance sheet
exposures. Reputation risk has been added as a specific risk management topic.
In addition, future capital requirements will likely include stress tests of
relevant values such as credit performance, interest rate moves and funding
sources.

It is generally probable that the announced enhancements to the Basel II
framework, along with changes in laws and regulations affecting banks in the
United States will increase capital requirements. The likelihood and timing of
any specific changes and the impact they might have on the Company and its
subsidiaries cannot be predicted at this time.

Further discussion of regulatory capital, including regulatory capital amounts
and ratios, is set forth under the heading "Liquidity and Capital" within
"Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations" and in Note 15 of the Company's Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements, both of which appear elsewhere herein.

Deposit Insurance

Substantially all of the deposits held by the Banks are insured up to applicable
limits by the Deposit Insurance Fund ("DIF") of the FDIC and are subject to
deposit insurance assessments to maintain the DIF. The FDIC utilizes a
risk-based assessment system that imposes insurance premiums based upon a risk
matrix that takes into account a bank's capital level and supervisory rating
("CAMELS rating"). As of January 1, 2007, the previous nine risk categories
utilized in the risk matrix were condensed into four risk categories, which
continue to be distinguished by capital levels and supervisory ratings. For
large Risk Category 1 institutions (generally those with assets in excess of $10
billion) that have long-term debt issuer ratings, including Bank of Oklahoma,
assessment rates are determined from weighted-average CAMELS component ratings
and long-term debt issuer ratings. The minimum annualized assessment rate for
large institutions is 12 basis points per $100 of deposits and the maximum
annualized assessment rate for large institutions is 50 basis points per $100 of
deposits. Quarterly assessment rates for large institutions in Risk Category 1
may vary within this range depending upon changes in CAMELS component ratings
and long-term debt issuer ratings.

In response to an increase in bank failures, the board of directors of the FDIC
approved a special assessment during 2009. This assessment was calculated as 5
basis points times each insured depository institution's assets minus Tier 1
capital as of June 30, 2009. Collectively, the Banks paid $12 million of special
assessment charges.

On November 12, 2009 the board of directors of the FDIC voted to require insured
institutions to prepay over three years of estimated insurance assessments on
December 30, 2009 in order to strengthen the cash position of the DIF. As of
December 31, 2009 and each quarter thereafter, the regular quarterly assessment
will be applied against the prepaid assessment until the asset is exhausted. Any
prepaid assessment not exhausted as of June 30, 2013 will be returned.
Collectively, the Banks prepaid $78 million of deposit insurance assessments.

In addition, the Banks are assessed a charge based on deposit balances by the
Financing Corporation ("FICO"). The FICO is a mixed-ownership government
corporation established by the Competitive Equality Banking Act of 1987 whose
sole purpose was to function as a financing vehicle for the now defunct Federal
Savings & Loan Insurance Corporation.

<PAGE> 5

Dividends

The primary source of liquidity for BOK Financial is dividends from the Banks,
which are limited by various banking regulations to net profits, as defined, for
the year plus retained profits for the preceding two years and further
restricted by minimum capital requirements. Based on the most restrictive
limitations, the Banks had excess regulatory capital and could declare up to
$225 million of dividends without regulatory approval as of December 31, 2009.
BOK Financial management has developed and the Board of Directors has approved
an internal capital policy that is more restrictive than the regulatory
standards. Under this policy, the Banks could declare dividends of up to $190
million as of December 31, 2009. These amounts are not necessarily indicative of
amounts that may be available to be paid in future periods.

Source of Strength Doctrine

According to Federal Reserve Board policy, bank holding companies are expected
to act as a source of financial strength to each subsidiary bank and to commit
resources to support each such subsidiary. This support may be required at times
when a bank holding company may not be able to provide such support. Similarly,
under the cross-guarantee provisions of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, in
the event of a loss suffered by the FDIC as a result of default of a banking
subsidiary or related to FDIC assistance provided to a subsidiary in danger of
default, the other Banks may be assessed for the FDIC's loss, subject to certain
exceptions.

                   Governmental Policies and Economic Factors

The operations of BOK Financial and its subsidiaries are affected by legislative
changes and by the policies of various regulatory authorities and, in
particular, the credit policies of the Federal Reserve Board. An important
function of the Federal Reserve Board is to regulate the national supply of bank
credit to moderate recessions and curb inflation. Among the instruments of
monetary policy used by the Federal Reserve Board to implement its objectives
are: open-market operations in U.S. Government securities, changes in the
discount rate and federal funds rate on bank borrowings, and changes in reserve
requirements on bank deposits. The effect of future changes in such policies on
the business and earnings of BOK Financial and its subsidiaries is uncertain.

In response to a significant ongoing recession in business activity which began
in 2007, the U.S. government enacted various programs and continues to enact
programs to stimulate the economy. These programs include the Trouble Assets
Relief Program ("TARP"), which provided capital to eligible financial
institutions and other sectors of the domestic economy, and the TLGP, which
expanded insurance coverage to a larger amount of deposit account balances and
other qualifying debt issued by eligible financial institutions. In addition,
the government recently enacted economic stimulus legislation, which increases
government spending and reduces certain taxes. The long-term effects of these
programs on the economy in general and on BOK Financial Corporation in
particular are uncertain.

The Company elected not to participate in the TARP Capital Purchase Program. We
believe that current capital sources are sufficient to support organic growth,
acquisitions within our current market areas, cash dividends on our common stock
and periodic stock repurchases.

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act (the "Act") addresses many aspects of financial
reporting, corporate governance and public company disclosure. Among other
things, the Act establishes a comprehensive framework for the oversight of
public company auditing and for strengthening the independence of auditors and
audit committees. Under the Act, audit committees are responsible for the
appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of the auditors. The
non-audit services that can be provided to a company by its auditor are limited.
Audit committee members are subject to specific rules addressing their
independence. The Act also requires enhanced and accelerated financial
disclosures, and it establishes various responsibility measures, such as
requiring the chief executive officer and chief financial officer to certify to
the quality of the company's financial reporting. The Act imposes restrictions
on and accelerated reporting requirements for certain insider trading
activities. It imposes a variety of penalties for fraud and other violations and
creates a federal felony for securities fraud. Various sections of the Act are
applicable to BOK Financial.

<PAGE> 6

                               Foreign Operations

BOK Financial does not engage in operations in foreign countries, nor does it
lend to foreign governments.

ITEM 1A.   RISK FACTORS

Since 2007, the United States economy has been in recession. Business activity
across a wide range of industries and geographic regions has decreased and
unemployment has increased significantly. The financial services industry and
capital markets have been adversely affected by significant declines in asset
values, rising delinquencies and defaults, and restricted liquidity. Numerous
financial institutions have either failed or required a significant amount of
government assistance due to credit losses and liquidity shortages. Although
there are indications that the economy has stabilized, there is no assurance
that conditions will improve in the near term. Continued recession in the
economy could adversely affect our credit quality, financial condition and
results of operations.

Adverse factors could impact BOK Financial's  ability to implement its operating
strategy.

Although BOK Financial has developed an operating strategy which it expects to
result in continuing improved financial performance, BOK Financial cannot assure
that it will be successful in fulfilling this strategy or that this operating
strategy will be successful. Achieving success is dependent upon a number of
factors, many of which are beyond BOK Financial's direct control. Factors that
may adversely affect BOK Financial's ability to implement its operating strategy
include:

o        deterioration of BOK Financial's asset quality;

o        inability to control BOK Financial's noninterest expenses;

o        inability to increase noninterest income;

o        deterioration in general economic conditions, especially in BOK
         Financial's core markets;

o        inability to access capital;

o        decreases in net interest margins;

o        increases in competition;

o        adverse regulatory developments.

Adverse regional economic  developments  could negatively affect BOK Financial's
business.

A substantial majority of BOK Financial loans are generated in Oklahoma and
other markets in the southwest region. As a result, poor economic conditions in
Oklahoma or other markets in the southwest region may cause BOK Financial to
incur losses associated with higher default rates and decreased collateral
values in BOK Financial's loan portfolio. A regional economic downturn could
also adversely affect revenue from brokerage and trading activities, mortgage
loan originations and other sources of fee-based revenue.

Adverse economic factors affecting  particular  industries could have a negative
effect on BOK  Financial  customers  and their  ability to make  payments to BOK
Financial.

Certain industry-specific economic factors also affect BOK Financial. For
example, a portion of BOK Financial's total loan portfolio is comprised of loans
to borrowers in the energy industry, which is historically a cyclical industry.
Low commodity prices may adversely affect that industry and, consequently, may
affect BOK Financial's business negatively. The effect of volatility in
commodity prices on our customer derivatives portfolio could adversely affect
our liquidity and regulatory capital. In addition, BOK Financial's loan
portfolio includes commercial real estate loans. A downturn in the real estate
industry in general or in certain segments of the commercial real estate
industry in Oklahoma and the southwest region could also have an adverse effect
on BOK Financial's operations.

<PAGE> 7

Fluctuations in interest rates could adversely affect BOK Financial's business.

BOK Financial's business is highly sensitive to:

o        the monetary policies implemented by the Federal Reserve Board,
         including the discount rate on bank borrowings and changes in reserve
         requirements, which affect BOK Financial's ability to make loans and
         the interest rates we may charge;

o        changes in prevailing interest rates, due to the dependency of BOK
         Financial's banks on interest income;

o        open market operations in U.S. Government securities.

Significant increase in market interest rates, or the perception that an
increase may occur, could adversely affect both BOK Financial's ability to
originate new loans and BOK Financial's ability to grow. Conversely, a decrease
in interest rates could result in acceleration in the payment of loans,
including loans underlying BOK Financial's holdings of mortgage-backed
securities and termination of BOK Financial's mortgage servicing rights. In
addition, changes in market interest rates, changes in the relationships between
short-term and long-term market interest rates or changes in the relationships
between different interest rate indices, could affect the interest rates charged
on interest-earning assets differently than the interest rates paid on
interest-bearing liabilities. This difference could result in an increase in
interest expense relative to interest income. An increase in market interest
rates also could adversely affect the ability of BOK Financial's floating-rate
borrowers to meet their higher payment obligations. If this occurred, it could
cause an increase in nonperforming assets and net charge-offs, which could
adversely affect BOK Financial's business.

BOK Financial's substantial holdings of mortgage-backed  securities and mortgage
servicing rights could adversely affect BOK Financial's business.

BOK Financial has invested a substantial amount of its holdings in
mortgage-backed securities, which are investment interests in pools of
mortgages. Mortgage-backed securities are highly sensitive to changes in
interest rates. BOK Financial mitigates this risk somewhat by investing
principally in shorter duration mortgage products, which are less sensitive to
changes in interest rates. A significant decrease in interest rates could lead
mortgage holders to refinance the mortgages constituting the pool backing the
securities, subjecting BOK Financial to a risk of prepayment and decreased
return on investment due to subsequent reinvestment at lower interest rates. A
significant decrease in interest rates could also accelerate premium
amortization. Conversely, a significant increase in interest rates could cause
mortgage holders to extend the term over which they repay their loans, which
delays the Company's opportunity to reinvest funds at higher rates.

In an effort to reduce interest rates and stimulate the housing market, the
Federal Reserve Bank has purchased a significant amount of mortgage-backed
securities. The Federal Reserve Bank has announced that it will curtail
purchases in 2010 which may result in rising interest rates and lower fair
values of our mortgage-backed securities.

Mortgage-backed securities are also subject to credit risk from delinquency or
default of the underlying loans. BOK Financial mitigates this risk somewhat by
investing in securities issued by U.S. government agencies. Principal and
interest payments on the loans underlying these securities are guaranteed by
these agencies. Credit risk on mortgage-backed securities originated by private
issuers is mitigated somewhat by investing in senior tranches with additional
collateral support.

In addition, as part of BOK Financial's mortgage banking business, BOK Financial
has substantial holdings of mortgage servicing rights. The value of these rights
is also very sensitive to changes in interest rates. Falling interest rates tend
to increase loan prepayments, which may lead to cancellation of the related
servicing rights. BOK Financial's investments and dealings in mortgage-related
products increase the risk that falling interest rates could adversely affect
BOK Financial's business. BOK Financial attempts to manage this risk by
maintaining an active hedging program for its mortgage servicing rights. BOK
Financial's hedging program has only been partially successful in recent years.
The value of mortgage servicing rights may also decrease due to rising
delinquency or default of the loans serviced. This risk is mitigated somewhat by
adherence to underwriting standards on loans originated for sale.

Market disruptions could impact BOK Financial's funding sources.

BOK Financial's subsidiary banks rely on other financial institutions and the
Federal Home Loan Banks of Topeka and Dallas as a significant source of funds.
Our ability to fund loans, manage our interest rate risk and meet other
obligations depends on funds borrowed from these sources. The inability to
borrow funds at market interest rates could have a material adverse effect on
our operations.

<PAGE> 8

Substantial competition could adversely affect BOK Financial.

Banking is a competitive business. BOK Financial competes actively for loan,
deposit and other financial services business in Oklahoma, as well as in BOK
Financial's other markets. BOK Financial's competitors include a large number of
small and large local and national banks, savings and loan associations, credit
unions, trust companies, broker-dealers and underwriters, as well as many
financial and nonfinancial firms that offer services similar to BOK Financial's.
Large national financial institutions have entered the Oklahoma market. These
institutions have substantial capital, technology and marketing resources. Such
large financial institutions may have greater access to capital at a lower cost
than BOK Financial does, which may adversely affect BOK Financial's ability to
compete effectively.

BOK Financial has expanded into markets outside of Oklahoma, where it competes
with a large number of financial institutions that have an established customer
base and greater market share than BOK Financial. BOK Financial may not be able
to continue to compete successfully in these markets outside of Oklahoma. With
respect to some of its services, BOK Financial competes with non-bank companies
that are not subject to regulation. The absence of regulatory requirements may
give non-banks a competitive advantage.

Banking regulations could adversely affect BOK Financial.

BOK Financial and its subsidiaries are extensively regulated under both federal
and state law. In particular, BOK Financial is subject to the Bank Holding
Company Act of 1956 and the National Bank Act. These regulations are primarily
for the benefit and protection of BOK Financial's customers and not for the
benefit of BOK Financial's investors. In the past, BOK Financial's business has
been materially affected by these regulations. For example, regulations limit
BOK Financial's business to banking and related businesses, and they limit the
location of BOK Financial's branches and offices, as well as the amount of
deposits that it can hold in a particular state. These regulations may limit BOK
Financial's ability to grow and expand into new markets and businesses.

Additionally, under the Community Reinvestment Act, BOK Financial is required to
provide services in traditionally underserved areas. BOK Financial's ability to
make acquisitions and engage in new business may be limited by these
requirements.

The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991 and the Bank
Holding Company Act of 1956, and various regulations of regulatory authorities,
require us to maintain specified capital ratios. Any failure to maintain
required capital ratios would limit the growth potential of BOK Financial's
business.

Under a long-standing policy of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve
System, a bank holding company is expected to act as a source of financial
strength for its subsidiary banks. As a result of that policy, BOK Financial may
be required to commit financial and other resources to its subsidiary banks in
circumstances where we might not otherwise do so.

The trend toward increasingly extensive regulation is likely to continue and
become more costly in the future. Laws, regulations or policies currently
affecting BOK Financial and its subsidiaries may change at any time. Regulatory
authorities may also change their interpretation of these statutes and
regulations. Therefore, BOK Financial's business may be adversely affected by
any future changes in laws, regulations, policies or interpretations. For
example, recently approved changes to regulations are expected to significantly
reduce fees we can charge overdrawn deposit accounts beginning in the second
half of 2010.

Statutory restrictions on subsidiary dividends and other distributions and debts
of BOK Financial's subsidiaries could limit amounts BOK Financial's subsidiaries
may pay to BOK Financial.

BOK Financial is a financial holding company, and a substantial portion of BOK
Financial's cash flow typically comes from dividends that BOK Financial's bank
and nonbank subsidiaries pay to BOK Financial. Various statutory provisions
restrict the amount of dividends BOK Financial's subsidiaries can pay to BOK
Financial without regulatory approval. Management also developed, and the BOK
Financial board of directors approved, an internal capital policy that is more
restrictive than the regulatory capital standards. In addition, if any of BOK
Financial's subsidiaries liquidates, that subsidiary's creditors will be
entitled to receive distributions from the assets of that subsidiary to satisfy
their claims against it before BOK Financial, as a holder of an equity interest
in the subsidiary, will be entitled to receive any of the assets of the
subsidiary. If, however, BOK Financial is a creditor of the subsidiary with
recognized claims against it, BOK Financial will be in the same position as
other creditors.

Although publicly traded,  BOK Financial's  common stock has substantially  less
liquidity  than the  average  trading  market  for a stock  quoted on the Nasdaq
National Market System.

A relatively small fraction of BOK Financial's outstanding common stock is
actively traded. The risks of low liquidity include increased volatility of the
price of BOK Financial's common stock. Low liquidity may also limit holders of
BOK Financial's common stock in their ability to sell or transfer BOK
Financial's shares at the price, time and quantity desired.

<PAGE> 9

BOK  Financial's  principal  shareholder  controls a majority of BOK Financial's
common stock.

Mr. George B. Kaiser owns a majority of the outstanding shares of BOK
Financial's common stock. Mr. Kaiser is able to elect all of BOK Financial's
directors and effectively control the vote on all matters submitted to a vote of
BOK Financial's common shareholders. Mr. Kaiser's ability to prevent an
unsolicited bid for BOK Financial or any other change in control could have an
adverse effect on the market price for BOK Financial's common stock. A
substantial majority of BOK Financial's directors are not officers or employees
of BOK Financial or any of its affiliates. However, because of Mr. Kaiser's
control over the election of BOK Financial's directors, he could change the
composition of BOK Financial's Board of Directors so that it would not have a
majority of outside directors.

Possible future sales of shares by BOK Financial's  principal  shareholder could
adversely affect the market price of BOK Financial's common stock.

Mr. Kaiser has the right to sell shares of BOK Financial's common stock in
compliance with the federal securities laws at any time, or from time to time.
The federal securities laws will be the only restrictions on Mr. Kaiser's
ability to sell. Because of his current control of BOK Financial, Mr. Kaiser
could sell large amounts of his shares of BOK Financial's common stock by
causing BOK Financial to file a registration statement that would allow him to
sell shares more easily. In addition, Mr. Kaiser could sell his shares of BOK
Financial's common stock without registration under Rule 144 of the Securities
Act. Although BOK Financial can make no predictions as to the effect, if any,
that such sales would have on the market price of BOK Financial's common stock,
sales of substantial amounts of BOK Financial's common stock, or the perception
that such sales could occur, could adversely affect market prices. If Mr. Kaiser
sells or transfers his shares of BOK Financial's common stock as a block,
another person or entity could become BOK Financial's controlling shareholder.


ITEM 1B.   UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS

None.


ITEM 2.   PROPERTIES

BOK Financial and its subsidiaries own and lease improved real estate that is
carried at $207 million, net of depreciation and amortization. The Company's
principal offices are located in leased premises in the Bank of Oklahoma Tower,
Tulsa, Oklahoma. Banking offices are primarily located in Tulsa and Oklahoma
City, Oklahoma, Dallas, Fort Worth and Houston, Texas, Albuquerque, New Mexico,
Denver, Colorado, Phoenix, Arizona, and Kansas City, Kansas/Missouri. Primary
operations facilities are located in Tulsa and Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, Dallas,
Texas, and Albuquerque, New Mexico. The Company's facilities are suitable for
their respective uses and present needs.

The information set forth in Notes 5 and 14 of the Company's Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements, which appear elsewhere herein, provides
further discussion related to properties.


ITEM 3.   LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

The information set forth in Note 14 of the Company's Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements, which appear elsewhere herein, provides discussion related
to legal proceedings.


ITEM 4.   SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

No matters were submitted to a vote of security holders, through the
solicitation of proxies or otherwise, during the three months ended December 31,
2009.

<PAGE> 10

                                     PART II

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S  COMMON EQUITY,  RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND
ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

BOK Financial's $0.00006 par value common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Stock
Market under the symbol BOKF. As of January 31, 2010, common shareholders of
record numbered 942 with 67,809,896 shares outstanding.

The highest and lowest closing bid price for shares and cash dividends per share
of BOK Financial common stock follows:

                       First          Second          Third          Fourth
                   -------------- --------------- -------------- --------------
2009:
  Low                  $22.95         $34.46           $34.81        $41.87
  High                  40.71          43.02            48.10         47.91
  Cash dividends         0.225          0.24             0.24          0.24

2008:
  Low                  $46.82         $49.11           $38.61        $38.40
  High                  55.23          60.74            53.94         54.42
  Cash dividends         0.20           0.225            0.225         0.225

                      Shareholder Return Performance Graph

Set forth below is a line graph comparing the change in cumulative shareholder
return of the NASDAQ Index, the NASDAQ Bank Index, and the KBW 50 Bank Index for
the period commencing December 31, 2004 and ending December 31, 2009.*

TOTAL RETURN PERFORMANCE graph shown here.  Data points are:

<TABLE>
                                                             Period Ending
Index                            12/31/04     12/31/05     12/31/06     12/31/07     12/31/08     12/31/09
<S>                                <C>           <C>         <C>          <C>           <C>         <C>
BOK Financial Corporation          100.00        93.79       114.77       109.47        87.10       104.85
NASDAQ Composite                   100.00       101.37       111.03       121.92        72.49       104.31
NASDAQ Bank Index                  100.00        95.67       106.20        82.76        62.96        51.31
KBW 50                             100.00        99.82       119.18        93.19        48.88        48.02
</TABLE>

* Graph assumes value of an investment in the Company's Common Stock for each
   index was $100 on December 31, 2004. The KBW 50 Bank index is the
   Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. index, which is available only for calendar
   quarter end periods. During the periods shown, a 3% dividend was paid in
   shares of BOK Financial Common Stock on May 31, 2004. Cash dividends on
   Common Stock, which were first paid in 2005, are assumed to have been
   reinvested in BOK Financial Common Stock.

<PAGE> 11

The following table provides information with respect to purchases made by or on
behalf of the Company or any "affiliated purchaser" (as defined in Rule
10b-18(a)(3) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), of the Company's common
stock during the three months ended December 31, 2009.

<TABLE>
-------------------------------------- -------------------- ---------------- ------------------------ ----------------
                                                                                                       Maximum Number
                                                                              Total Number of Shares   of Shares that
                                                                               Purchased as Part of      May Yet Be
                Period                    Total Number of    Average Price      Publicly Announced       Purchased
                                       Shares Purchased (2) Paid per Share    Plans or Programs (1)    Under the Plans
-------------------------------------- -------------------- ---------------- ------------------------ ----------------
<S>                                         <C>                <C>                   <C>                  <C>
October 1, 2009 to October 31, 2009           3,520              $ 46.18                -                1,215,927
-------------------------------------- -------------------- ---------------- ------------------------ ----------------

November 1, 2009 to November 30, 2009         9,896                45.23                -                1,215,927
-------------------------------------- -------------------- ---------------- ------------------------ ----------------

December 1, 2009 to December 31, 2009        66,314                47.48                -                1,215,927
-------------------------------------- -------------------- ---------------- ------------------------ ----------------

Total                                        79,730                                     -
-------------------------------------- -------------------- ---------------- ------------------------ ----------------
</TABLE>

(1)  On April 26, 2005, the Company's board of directors  authorized the Company
     to repurchase up to two million shares of the Company's common stock. As of
     December 31, 2009,  the Company had  repurchased  784,073 shares under this
     plan.

(2)  The Company routinely repurchases mature shares from employees to cover the
     exercise  price  and  taxes  in  connection   with  employee  stock  option
     exercises.


ITEM 6.  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

The selected financial data is set forth within Table 1 of Item 7, "Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations."

<PAGE> 12

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S  DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS

Table 1     Consolidated Selected Financial Data
           (Dollars In Thousands Except Per Share Data)

<TABLE>
                                                                          December 31,
                                              ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                    2009          2008          2007          2006         2005
                                              ---------------------------------------------------------------------
 Selected Financial Data
    For the year:
<S>                                             <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>          <C>
      Interest revenue                          $ 914,569     $1,061,645    $1,160,737    $ 986,429    $ 769,934
      Interest expense                            204,205       414,783       616,252       499,741      320,593
      Net interest revenue                        710,364       646,862       544,485       486,688      449,341
      Provision for credit losses                 195,900       202,593        34,721        18,402       12,441
      Fees and commissions revenue                480,512       415,194       405,622       371,696      344,864
      Net income                                  200,578       153,232       217,664       212,977      201,505
    Period-end:
      Loans                                    11,279,698    12,876,006    11,940,570    10,651,178    9,088,312
      Assets                                   23,516,831    22,734,648    20,667,701    18,059,624   16,327,069
      Deposits                                 15,518,228    14,982,607    13,459,291    12,386,705   11,375,318
      Subordinated debentures                     398,539       398,407       398,273       297,800      295,964
      Shareholders' equity                      2,205,813     1,846,257     1,935,384     1,721,022    1,539,154
      Nonperforming assets(2)                     484,295       342,291       104,159        44,343       40,017

 Profitability Statistics
    Earnings per share (based on average equivalent shares):
      Basic                                     $    2.96     $    2.27     $    3.24     $    3.19    $    3.14
      Diluted                                        2.96          2.27          3.22          3.16         3.01
    Percentages (based on daily averages):
      Return on average assets                        0.87%         0.71%         1.14%         1.27%       1.29%
      Return on average shareholders' equity          9.66          7.87         12.01         13.23       13.78
      Average shareholders' equity to average         8.98          9.01          9.53          9.58        9.38
      assets

 Common Stock Performance
    Per Share:
      Book value per common share(5)            $    32.53    $    27.36    $    28.75    $    25.66   $    23.07
      Market price: December 31 close                47.52         40.40         51.70         54.98        45.43
      Market range - High close                      48.13         60.84         55.57         54.98        49.31
                   - Low close                       22.98         38.48         47.47         44.43        39.79
      Cash dividends declared                         0.945         0.875         0.75          0.55         0.30
      Dividend payout ratio                          31.93%        38.55%        23.29%        17.41%        9.97%

 Selected Balance Sheet Statistics
    Period-end:
      Tier 1 capital ratio                           10.86%         9.40%         9.38%         9.78%        9.84%
      Total capital ratio                            14.43         12.81         12.54         11.58        12.10
      Leverage ratio                                  8.05          7.89          8.20          8.79         8.30
      Tangible common equity ratio(1)                 7.99          6.64          7.72          8.22         7.94
      Reserve for loan losses to                     82.22         74.49        133.79        305.37       329.34
        nonperforming loans
      Reserve for loan losses to loans                2.59          1.81          1.06          1.03         1.14
      Combined reserves for credit losses to          2.72          1.93          1.24          1.22         1.37
 loans (4)

 Miscellaneous (at December 31)
    Number of employees (full-time equivalent)       4,355         4,300         4,110         3,958        3,825
    Number of banking locations                        197           195           189           163          150
    Number of TransFund locations                    1,896         1,933         1,822         1,649        1,421
    Trust assets                                $30,385,365   $30,454,512   $36,288,592   $31,704,091  $28,464,745
    Mortgage loan servicing portfolio(3)         7,366,780     5,983,824     5,481,736     4,988,611    4,492,524
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

(1)  Shareholders'  equity less preferred  equity,  intangible assets and equity
     provided by the TARP Capital  Program  (none)  divided by total assets less
     intangible assets.
(2)  Includes  nonaccrual  loans,  renegotiated  loans and  assets  acquired  in
     satisfaction  of loans.  Excludes  loans past due 90 days or more and still
     accruing.
(3)  Includes outstanding principal for loans serviced for affiliates.
(4)  Includes  reserve for loan losses and reserve for off-balance  sheet credit
     losses.
(5)  Conversion  of Series A preferred  stock added 6.9  million  common  shares
     outstanding in 2005.

<PAGE> 13

Management's Assessment of Operations and Financial Condition

Overview

BOK Financial Corporation ("BOK Financial" or "the Company") is a financial
holding company that offers full service banking in Oklahoma, Northwest
Arkansas, Dallas, Forth Worth and Houston, Texas, Albuquerque, New Mexico,
Denver, Colorado, Phoenix, Arizona and Kansas City, Kansas/Missouri. The Company
was incorporated in 1990 in Oklahoma and is headquartered in Tulsa, Oklahoma.
Activities are governed by the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended by
the Financial Services Modernization Act or Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999.
Principal banking subsidiaries are Bank of Oklahoma, N.A., Bank of Albuquerque,
N.A., Bank of Arkansas, N.A., Bank of Texas, N.A., Colorado State Bank and
Trust, N.A., Bank of Arizona, N.A. and Bank of Kansas City, N.A. Other
subsidiaries include BOSC, Inc. a broker/dealer that engages in retail and
institutional securities sales and municipal bond underwriting.

Our overall strategic objective is to emphasize growth in long-term value by
building on our leadership position in Oklahoma and expanding into high-growth
markets in contiguous states. We have a solid position in Oklahoma and are the
state's second largest financial institution as measured by deposit market
share. At December 31, 2009, 46% of our outstanding loans and 56% of our
deposits are attributed to the Oklahoma market. Since 1997, we have expanded
into Dallas, Fort Worth and Houston, Texas, Albuquerque, New Mexico, Denver,
Colorado, Phoenix, Arizona and Kansas City, Kansas/Missouri. At December 31,
2009, 29% of our outstanding loans and 26% of our deposits are attributed to
Texas. None of our other regional markets provide more than 10% of our
outstanding loans or deposits. Our acquisition strategy targets quality
organizations that have demonstrated solid growth in their business lines. We
provide additional growth opportunities by hiring talent to enhance
competitiveness, adding locations, and broadening product offerings. Our
operating philosophy embraces local decision-making in each of our geographic
markets while adhering to common Company standards. We also consider
acquisitions of distressed financial institutions in existing markets when
opportunities become available.

Our primary focus is to provide a comprehensive range of nationally competitive
financial products and services in a personalized and responsive manner.
Products and services include loans and deposits, cash management services,
fiduciary services, mortgage banking, and brokerage and trading services to
middle-market businesses, financial institutions, and consumers. Commercial
banking is a significant part of our business. Our credit culture emphasizes
building relationships by making high-quality loans and providing a full range
of financial products and services to our customers. Energy financing expertise
enables us to offer commodity derivatives for customers to use in their risk
management and positioning activities. Our revenue sources are diverse.
Historically, fees and commissions revenue provide 40% - 45% of our total
revenue. Approximately 40% of our revenue came from commissions and fees in
2009.

BOK Financial operates three principal lines of business: commercial banking,
consumer banking and wealth management. Commercial banking includes lending,
treasury and cash management services and customer risk management products to
small businesses, middle market and larger commercial customers. Commercial
banking also includes the TransFund electronic funds network. Consumer banking
includes retail lending and deposit services, and all mortgage banking
activities. Wealth management provides fiduciary services, brokerage and
trading, private bank services and investment advisory services in all markets.

The recession continued to dampen the economy and the financial services
industry in 2009. Civilian unemployment rates climbed from just over 7% at the
beginning of the year to over 10% by year-end. Credit losses which first were
largely concentrated in residential construction loans in the Arizona market
spread to other commercial real estate and commercial loans across all markets.
In response, the U.S. government has provided significant liquidity to the
economy. Interest rates we paid remained at historic lows throughout the year.
Along with tax credits available to first-time home buyers, the low interest
rates stimulated mortgage lending activity. Interest rates decreased which
increased the fair value of many financial instruments, such as mortgage-backed
securities. After reaching highs of over $140 per barrel in 2008, oil prices
dropped to under $40 per barrel in early 2009 and natural gas prices remained
low throughout most of 2009.

<PAGE> 14

Performance Summary

BOK Financial's net income for 2009 totaled $201 million or $2.96 per diluted
share compared to $153 million or $2.27 per diluted share in 2008.

Highlights of 2009 included:

o        Net interest revenue increased $64 million or 10% over 2008. Average
         earning assets were up $1.5 billion or 8%. Net interest margin was
         3.57% for 2009, up 12 basis points over 2008.

o        Fees and commissions revenue totaled $481 million for 2009 and $415
         million for 2008. Net credit losses on derivative contracts related to
         two bankrupt counterparties reduced fees and commissions revenue by $54
         million in 2008. Mortgage banking revenue increased $34 million
         compared to 2008.

o        Operating expenses, excluding changes in the fair value of mortgage
         servicing rights, totaled $709 million, up $81 million from the prior
         year. Personnel costs, FDIC insurance expenses, mortgage banking costs
         and net losses and expenses of repossessed assets increased over the
         prior year.

o        Combined reserves for credit losses totaled $306 million or 2.72% of
         outstanding loans at December 31, 2009, up from $248 million or 1.93%
         of outstanding loans at December 31, 2008. Provision for credit losses
         and net charge-offs were $196 million and $138 million, respectively
         for 2009 and $203 million and $102 million, respectively for 2008.

o        Nonperforming assets totaled $484 million or 4.24% of outstanding loans
         and repossessed assets at December 31, 2009, up from $342 million or
         2.65% of outstanding loans and repossessed assets at December 31, 2008.
         Repossessed assets increased $100 million and nonaccruing loans
         increased $39 million over last year.

o        Available for sale securities totaled $8.9 billion at December 31,
         2009, up $2.5 billion since the prior year due to purchases of
         residential mortgage-backed securities issued by U.S. government
         agencies. Other than temporary impairment charges on certain
         privately-issued residential mortgage backed securities reduced pre-tax
         net income by $34 million during 2009.

o        Outstanding loan balances were $11.3 billion at December 31, 2009, down
         $1.6 billion from the prior year. Most major loan categories decreased
         during 2009 due to reduced customer demand and normal repayment trends.

o        Tangible common equity and Tier 1 capital ratios were 7.99% and 10.86%,
         respectively, at December 31, 2009 and 6.64% and 9.40%, respectively,
         at December 31, 2008. Growth in the tangible common equity ratio was
         due largely to a $211 million after-tax increase in the fair value of
         available for sale securities. The Company evaluated and elected not to
         participate in the U.S. Treasury's TARP Capital Purchase Program.

Net income for the fourth quarter of 2009 totaled $43 million or $0.63 per
diluted share compared with $35 million or $0.52 per diluted share for the
fourth quarter of 2008.

Highlights of the fourth quarter of 2009 included:

o        Net interest revenue totaled $184 million, up $8.0 million over the
         fourth quarter of 2008. Net interest margin was 3.64% for the fourth
         quarter of 2009 and 3.57% for the fourth quarter of 2008.

o        Net loans charged off and provision for credit losses were $35 million
         and $49 million, respectively for the fourth quarter of 2009. Net loans
         charged off and provision for credit losses were $34 million and $73
         million, respectively for the fourth quarter of 2008.

o        Fees and commissions revenue totaled $116 million, up $5 million over
         the fourth quarter of 2008, primarily due to higher mortgage banking
         revenue partially offset by a decrease in brokerage and trading
         revenue.

o        Other than temporary impairment charges on certain privately-issued
         residential mortgage backed securities reduced pre-tax net income by
         $14 million during the fourth quarter of 2009.

o        Other operating expense, excluding changes in the fair value of
         mortgage servicing rights, increased $23 million over the prior year.
         Mortgage banking costs, personnel expense, net losses and operating
         expenses on repossessed assets and FDIC insurance costs increased over
         the fourth quarter of 2008.

<PAGE> 15

Critical Accounting Policies

Application of Critical Accounting Policies

Preparation of our consolidated financial statements is based on the selection
of certain accounting policies, which requires management to make significant
assumptions and estimates. The following discussion addresses the most critical
areas where these assumptions and estimates could affect financial condition and
results of operations. Actual results could differ significantly from these
estimates. Application of these critical accounting policies and estimates has
been discussed with the appropriate committees of the Board of Directors.
Additional accounting policies are described in Note 1 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements.

Reserves for Loan Losses and Off-Balance Sheet Credit Losses

Reserves for loan losses and off-balance sheet credit losses are assessed by
management based on an ongoing quarterly evaluation of the probable estimated
losses inherent in the portfolio and probable estimated losses on unused
commitments to provide financing. A consistent, well-documented methodology has
been developed that includes reserves assigned to specific loans and
commitments, general reserves that are based on a statistical migration analysis
and nonspecific reserves that are based on analysis of current economic
conditions, loan concentrations, portfolio growth and other relevant factors.
There have been no material changes in the approach or techniques utilized in
developing the allowance for loan losses during 2009.

An independent Credit Administration department is responsible for performing
this evaluation for all of our subsidiaries to ensure that the methodology is
applied consistently.

Specific reserves for impairment are determined through evaluation of estimated
future cash flows, collateral values and historical statistics. Loans are
considered to be impaired when it is probable that we will not be able to
collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan
agreements. This is substantially the same criteria used to determine when a
loan should be placed on nonaccrual status. Generally, all nonaccruing
commercial and commercial real estate loans are considered impaired.
Substantially all impaired loans are collateralized. Collateral includes real
property, inventory, accounts receivable, operating equipment, interest in
mineral rights and other property. Collateral may also include personal
guaranties by borrowers and related parties.

Delinquency status is not a significant consideration in the evaluation of
impairment or risk-grading of commercial or commercial real estate loans. These
evaluations are based on an assessment of the borrowers' paying capacity and
attempt to identify changes in credit risk before payments become delinquent.
Changes in the delinquency trends of residential mortgage loans and consumer
loans may indicate increases or decreases in expected losses.

Impaired loans are charged-off when the loan balance or a portion of the loan
balance is no longer supported by the paying capacity of the borrower based on
an evaluation of available cash resources or collateral value. No reserves are
attributed to the remaining balance of loans that have been charged-down to
amounts management expects to recover. Collateral values are generally evaluated
annually, or more frequently for certain collateral types or collateral located
in certain distressed markets.

General reserves for unimpaired loans are based on migration models. Separate
migration models are used to determine general reserves for commercial and
commercial real estate loans, residential mortgage loans, and consumer loans.
All commercial and commercial real estate loans are risk-graded based on an
evaluation of the borrowers' ability to repay the loans. Migration factors are
determined for each risk-grade to determine the inherent loss based on
historical trends. We use an eight-quarter aggregate accumulation of net losses
as a basis for the migration factors. Greater emphasis is placed on losses
incurred in more recent periods. The higher of current loss factors based on
migration trends or a minimum migration factor based upon long-term history is
assigned to each risk grade. The general reserve for residential mortgage loans
is based on an eight-quarter average percent of loss. The general reserve for
consumer loans is based on an eight-quarter average percent of loss with
separate migration factors determined by major product line, such as indirect
automobile loans and direct consumer loans.

Nonspecific reserves are maintained for risks beyond those factors specific to a
particular loan or those identified by the migration models. These factors
include trends in the general economy in our primary lending areas, conditions
in specific industries where we have a concentration, concentrations in large
credits and overall growth in the loan portfolio. Evaluation of nonspecific
factors considers the effect of the duration of the business cycle on migration
factors. Nonspecific factors also consider current economic conditions and other
relevant factors. A range of potential losses is determined for each factor
identified.

A separate reserve for off-balance sheet credit risk is maintained. The
provision for credit losses includes the combined charge to expense for both the
reserve for loan losses and the reserve for off-balance sheet credit losses. All
losses incurred from lending activities will ultimately be reflected in
charge-offs against the reserve for loan losses after funds are advanced against
outstanding commitments and after the exhaustion of collection efforts.

<PAGE> 16

We also maintain a separate credit loss reserve for residential mortgage loans
sold with recourse. This reserve is based on the same migration model used for
on-balance sheet residential mortgage loans. Migration factors are separately
determined from historic loss trends for these loans. We use an eight-quarter
aggregate accumulation of net losses as a basis for the migration factors.
Greater emphasis is placed on losses incurred in more recent periods. The
provision for losses on mortgage loans sold with recourse is included in
mortgage banking costs on the Consolidated Statement of Earnings.


Valuation of Mortgage Servicing Rights

We have a significant investment in mortgage servicing rights. These rights are
primarily retained from sales of loans we have originated or occasionally
purchased from other lenders. Originated mortgage servicing rights are initially
recognized at fair value. Purchased servicing rights are initially recognized at
their purchase price. Subsequent changes in fair value are recognized in
earnings as they occur.

There is no active market for trading in mortgage servicing rights. We use a
cash flow model to determine fair value. Key assumptions and estimates including
projected prepayment speeds and assumed servicing costs, earnings on escrow
deposits, ancillary income and discount rates, used by this model are based on
current market sources. Assumptions used to value our mortgage servicing rights
are considered significant unobservable inputs and represent our best estimate
of assumptions that market participants would use to value this asset. A
separate third party model is used to estimate prepayment speeds based on
interest rates, housing turnover rates, estimated loan curtailment, anticipated
defaults and other relevant factors. The prepayment model is updated daily for
changes in market conditions. We adjusted the prepayment projections determined
by this model to better correlate with actual performance of our servicing
portfolio. The discount rate is based on benchmark rates for mortgage loans plus
a market spread expected by investors in servicing rights. Significant
assumptions used to determine the fair value of our mortgage servicing rights
are presented in Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. At least
annually, we request estimates of fair value from outside sources to corroborate
the results of the valuation model.

The assumptions used in this model are primarily based on mortgage interest
rates. Evaluation of the effect of a change in one assumption without
considering the effect of that change on other assumptions is not meaningful.
Considering all related assumptions, a 50 basis point increase in mortgage
interest rates is expected to increase the fair value of our servicing rights by
$5.6 million. A 50 basis point decrease in mortgage interest rates is expected
to decrease the fair value of our servicing rights by $9.7 million.

Intangible Assets

Intangible assets, which consist primarily of goodwill, core deposit intangible
assets and other acquired intangibles, for each business unit are evaluated for
impairment annually as of October 1st or more frequently if conditions indicate
that impairment may have occurred. The evaluation of possible impairment of
intangible assets involves significant judgment based upon short-term and
long-term projections of future performance.

The fair value of each of our reporting units is estimated by the discounted
future earnings method. Income growth is projected for each of our reporting
units for 2010 through 2015 and a terminal value is computed. The projected
income stream is converted to current fair value by using a discount rate that
reflects a rate of return required by a willing buyer. Assumptions used to value
our reporting units are based on growth rates, volatility, discount rate and
market risk premium inherent in our current stock price. These assumptions are
considered significant unobservable inputs and represent our best estimate of
assumptions that market participants would use to determine fair value of the
respective reporting units. Critical assumptions in our evaluation were a 12.00%
average expected long-term growth rate, a 0.74% volatility factor for BOK
Financial common stock, a 10.60% discount rate and a 9.86% market risk premium.

The Company identified the geographical market underlying its operating segments
as its reporting units for the purpose of performing its annual goodwill
impairment test. This is consistent with the manner in which management assesses
the performance of the Company and allocates resources. See additional
discussion of the operating segments in the Assessment of Operations - Lines of
Business section following.

<PAGE> 17


The fair value, carrying value and related goodwill of reporting units for which
goodwill was attributed as of our annual impairment test performed on October 1,
2009 is as follows (in thousands):

                                      Carrying
                         Fair Value   Value(1)    Goodwill
                        ------------ ---------- ------------
Commercial:
   Oklahoma             $ 580,129     $351,259    $ 5,140
   Texas                  484,261      432,167    196,183
   New Mexico              82,646       76,794     11,094
   Colorado               117,977      103,798     39,458
   Arizona                 89,520       73,714     14,853

Consumer:
   Oklahoma               394,559      133,248      1,683
   Texas                   96,275       60,543     27,567
   New Mexico              73,037       18,934      2,874
   Colorado                19,937       15,709      6,899
   Arizona                  1,184        1,652        228

Wealth Management:
   Oklahoma               248,328      102,415      1,350
   Texas                   65,333       41,352     16,372
   New Mexico              19,221        7,910      1,305
   Colorado                42,820       20,214      9,254
   Arizona                  9,197        7,964      1,569

(1)  Carrying value includes intangible assets attributed to the reporting unit.

Based on the results of the test performed as of October 1, 2009, the Company
recorded an impairment charge of $228 thousand related to the consumer banking
segment in the Arizona market.

Approximately $240 million or 72% of total goodwill was attributed to the Texas
market and $56 million or 17% of total goodwill was attributed to the Colorado
market. Because of the large concentration of goodwill in the Texas and Colorado
markets, the fair value determined by the discounted future earnings method was
corroborated by comparison to the multiple of the market capitalization over
tangible book value or net assets less intangibles of publicly traded banks of
similar size and characteristics in our geographical footprint. This valuation
method corroborated fair values determined by the discounted future earnings
method.

As of December 31, 2009, the market value of BOK Financial common stock, a
primary assumption in our goodwill impairment analysis, was approximately 3%
above the market value used in our most recent annual evaluation. The market
value is influenced by factors affecting the overall economy and the regional
banks sector of the market. Goodwill impairment may be indicated at our next
annual evaluation date if the market value of our stock declines or sooner if we
incur significant unanticipated operating losses or if other factors indicate a
significant decline in the value of our reporting units. The effect of a 10%
negative change in the market value of our common stock on September 30, 2009
was simulated. This simulation indicated that an additional impairment of $2.3
million is possible. Other factors that could affect future impairment analyses
include credit losses that exceed projected amounts or failure to meet growth
projections.

Consistent with plans when we first acquired Valley Commerce Bank in Phoenix,
Arizona, our objective is to focus on growth in commercial and small business
lending in the Arizona market. As discussed more fully in the Lines of Business
section of this report, we have made changes in our Arizona operations to
achieve this objective. Future goodwill impairment in the Arizona commercial
reporting unit will depend largely on our ability to meet growth projections for
this market.

Intangible assets with finite lives, such as core deposit intangible assets, are
amortized using accelerated methods over their estimated useful lives. Core
deposit intangible assets generally have a weighted average life of five years
based on the expected lives of the acquired deposit accounts. Such assets are
reviewed for impairment whenever events indicate that the remaining carrying
amount may not be recoverable.

Valuation of Derivative Instruments

We use interest rate derivative instruments to manage our interest rate risk. We
also offer interest rate, commodity, and foreign exchange derivative contracts
to our customers. All derivative instruments are carried on the balance sheet at
fair value. Fair values for exchange-traded contracts are based on quoted prices
in an active market for identical instruments. Fair values for over-the-counter
interest rate contracts used to manage our interest rate risk are provided
either by third-party dealers in the contracts or by quotes provided by
independent pricing services. Information used by these third-party dealers or
independent pricing services to determine fair values are considered significant
other observable inputs. Fair

<PAGE> 18

values for interest rate,  commodity and foreign exchange  contracts used in our
customer  hedging  programs  are based on  valuations  generated  internally  by
third-party   provided  pricing  models.  These  models  use  significant  other
observable market inputs to estimate fair values. Changes in assumptions used in
these  pricing  models could  significantly  affect the reported  fair values of
derivative assets and liabilities, though the net effect of these changes should
not significantly affect earnings.

Credit risk is considered in determining the fair value of derivative
instruments. Deterioration in the credit rating of customers or dealers reduces
the fair value of asset contracts. The reduction in fair value is recognized in
earnings during the current period. Deterioration in our credit rating below
investment grade would affect the fair value of our derivative liabilities. In
the event of a credit down-grade, the fair value of our derivative liabilities
would decrease. The reduction in fair value would be recognized in earnings in
the current period.

Valuation of Securities

The fair value of our securities portfolio is generally based on a single price
for each financial instrument provided to us by an applicable third-party
pricing service determined by one or more of the following:

o    Quoted prices for similar,  but not  identical,  assets or  liabilities  in
     active markets;

o    Quoted prices for identical or similar  assets or  liabilities  in inactive
     markets;

o    Inputs other than quoted prices that are observable,  such as interest rate
     and yield curves, volatilities,  prepayment speeds, loss severities, credit
     risks and default rates;

o    Other inputs derived from or corroborated by observable market inputs.

The underlying methods used by the third-party pricing services are considered
in determining the primary inputs used to determine fair values. Management has
evaluated the methodologies employed by the third-party pricing services by
comparing the price provided by the pricing service with other sources,
including brokers' quotes, sales or purchases of similar instruments and
discounted flows to establish a basis for reliance on the pricing service
values. Significant differences between the pricing service provided value and
other sources are discussed with the pricing service to understand the basis for
their values. Based on this evaluation, we determined that the results represent
prices that would be received to sell assets or paid to transfer liabilities in
orderly transactions in the current market.

A portion of our securities portfolio is comprised of debt securities for which
third-party services have discontinued providing price information due primarily
to a lack of observable inputs and other relevant data. Management estimates the
fair value of these securities based on significant unobservable inputs,
including projected cash flows discounted at rates indicated by comparison to
securities with similar credit and liquidity risk.

Other-Than-Temporary Impairment

On a quarterly basis, the Company evaluates impaired debt and equity securities
to determine if impairments are temporary or other-than-temporary.

For impaired debt securities, management first determines whether it intends to
sell or if it is more-likely-than-not that it will be required to sell the
impaired securities. This determination considers current and forecasted
liquidity requirements, regulatory and capital requirements and securities
portfolio management. All impaired debt securities we intend to sell or we
expect to be required to sell are considered other-than-temporarily impaired and
the full impairment loss is recognized as a charge against earnings. All
impaired debt securities we do not intend or expect to be required to sell are
evaluated further.

Impairment of debt securities consistently rated investment grade by all
nationally-recognized rating agencies is considered temporary unless specific
contrary information is identified. Impairment of securities rated below
investment grade by at least one of the nationally-recognized rating agencies is
evaluated to determine if we expect to recover the entire amortized cost basis
of the security based on the present value of projected cash flows from
individual loans underlying each security. Below investment grade securities we
own consist primarily of privately issued mortgage-backed securities. The
primary assumptions used to project cash flows are disclosed in Note 2 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements.

We also consider the adjusted loan-to-value ratio and credit enhancement
coverage ratio as part of our assessment of cash flows available to recover the
amortized cost of our securities. Adjusted loan-to-value ratio is an estimate of
the collateral value available to support the realizable value of the security.
We calculate the adjusted loan-to-value ratio for each security using loan-level
data. The original loan-to-value ratio is adjusted for market-specific home
price depreciation and credit enhancement on the specific tranche of each
security we own. The credit enhancement coverage ratio is an estimate of
currently remaining subordinated tranches available to absorb losses on pools of
loans that support the security. We believe that an adjusted loan-to-value ratio
above 85% or a credit enhancement coverage ratio below 1.5 times to be
additional indicators that an impairment may be other than temporary.

<PAGE> 19

Credit losses, which are defined as the excess of current amortized cost over
the present value of projected cash flows, on other-than-temporarily impaired
debt securities are recognized as a charge against earnings. Any remaining
impairment attributed to factors other than credit losses are recognized in
accumulated other comprehensive losses.

Credit losses are based on long-term projections of cash flows which are
sensitive to changes in assumptions. Changes in assumptions and differences
between assumed and actual results regarding unemployment rates, delinquency
rates, foreclosures costs and home price depreciation can affect estimated and
actual credit losses. Deterioration of these factors beyond those described in
Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements could result in the recognition
of additional credit losses.

We performed a sensitivity analysis of all privately issued mortgage-backed
securities rated below AAA. Significant assumptions of this analysis included an
increase in the unemployment rate to 12% over the next twelve months, decreasing
to 8.5% thereafter and an additional 20% house price depreciation. The results
of this analysis indicated $20 million to $25 million of credit losses in
addition to credit losses recognized in 2009 are possible.

Impaired equity securities, including perpetual preferred stocks, are evaluated
based on our ability and intent to hold the securities until fair value recovers
over a period not to exceed three years. The assessment of the ability and
intent to hold these securities considers liquidity needs, asset / liability
management objectives and securities portfolio objectives. Factors considered
when assessing recovery include forecasts of general economic conditions and
specific performance of the issuer, analyst ratings, and credit spreads for
preferred stocks which have debt-like characteristics.


Income Taxes

Determination of income tax expense and related assets and liabilities is
complex and requires estimates and judgments when applying tax laws, rules,
regulations and interpretations. It also requires judgments as to future
earnings and the timing of future events. Accrued income taxes represent an
estimate of net amounts due to or from taxing jurisdictions based upon these
estimates, interpretations and judgments.

Quarterly, management evaluates the Company's effective tax rate based upon its
current estimate of net income, tax credits and statutory tax rates expected for
the full year. Changes in income tax expense due to changes in the effective tax
rate are recognized on a cumulative basis. Annually, we file tax returns with
each jurisdiction where we conduct business and settle our return liabilities.
We may also provide for estimated liabilities associated with uncertain filing
positions.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based upon the differences
between the values of assets and liabilities as recognized in the financial
statements and their related tax basis using enacted tax rates in effect for the
year in which the differences are expected to be recovered or settled. A
valuation allowance is provided when it is more likely than not that some
portion of the entire deferred tax asset may not be realized based on taxes
previously paid in net loss carry-back periods and other factors.

We recognize the benefit of uncertain income tax positions when based upon all
relevant evidence it is more-likely-than-not that our position would prevail
upon examination, including resolution of related appeals or litigation, based
upon the technical merits of the position. A reserve for the uncertain portion
of the tax benefit, including estimated interest and penalties, is part of our
current accrued income tax liability. Estimated penalties and interest are
recognized in income tax expense. This reserve for uncertain tax positions may
reduce income tax expense in future periods if the uncertainty is favorably
resolved, generally upon completion of an examination by the taxing authorities,
expiration of a statute of limitations or changes in facts and circumstances.

Pensions

The Company offers a defined-benefit, cash-balance pension plan to all employees
who satisfied certain age and length of service requirements. Pension plan
benefits were curtailed as of April 1, 2006. No participants may be added to the
plan and no additional service benefits will be accrued. Interest continues to
accrue on employees' account balances at 5.25%. Accounting for this plan
requires management to make assumptions regarding the expected long-term rate of
return on plan assets and the discount rate. Changes in these assumptions affect
pension liability and pension expense. Management, in consultation with
independent actuaries, bases its assumptions on currently available information.

All plan assets are invested in the Cavanal Hill Balanced Fund. The expected
long-term return on plan assets is based on this fund's life-to-date
performance, adjusted for any known or expected changes in the fund's
compositions or objectives. The expected return on plan assets was 7.00% for
2008 and 2007, and 5.25% for 2009.

The discount rate, which is used to determine the present value of our
obligation to provide future benefits to plan participants and the related
interest cost, is based on a spot-rate yield curve of high-quality fixed income
securities such as AA rated industrial and utility bonds. A weighted average
discount rate is determined by matching expected future cash outflows from the
plan to interest rates at various spots along the yield curve. This method of
determining the discount rate

<PAGE> 20

is  expected  to better  represent  the cost of future  cash flows as the static
participant  pool  decreases  over time. The discount rate was 5.15% at December
31,  2009 and 6.50% at  December  31,  2008.  A 25 basis  point  decrease in the
discount rate increases the pension liability by approximately  $873 thousand or
2% and has no significant  effect on pension  expense because of the curtailment
of benefits.

Stock-Based Compensation

Stock-based compensation consists of stock options and non-vested shares awarded
officers and employees of the Company. Awards may be granted on a discretionary
basis as described in the employee stock option plan or as required by
employment agreements and incentive compensation plans with certain executive
officers. Accounting for stock-based compensation requires management to make
assumptions regarding the valuation of financial instruments for which there are
no readily available market values, achievement of specified performance
conditions and expected forfeiture rates.

The majority of our stock options have graded vesting. One-seventh of the
options awarded vest annually starting one year after the grant date. Options
expire three years after vesting. Each tranche of these options are considered a
separate award when determining fair value.

We use the Black-Scholes option pricing model. This model requires assumptions
of expected volatility of our stock price and expected term between grant date
and exercise date, along with other inputs to determine fair value. Assumptions
used to determine the fair value of stock options are considered significant
other observable inputs. Expected volatility is based on historical changes in
our stock price measured over a period that approximates the expected term of
our stock options. Expected term and forfeitures are based on historical trends.
Information about assumptions used to value stock options can be found in Note
12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Non-vested shares, which cliff-vest
five years after the grant date, are valued at the grant-date market price for
BOK Financial common stock.

Stock options are generally granted annually. Certain key terms and conditions
of the awards, such as vesting periods and expiration dates, are defined by the
stock option plan document. The number of options to be awarded to each
individual employee is recommended by management and approved by the Independent
Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors prior to setting the exercise
price. The exercise price of the options is the closing price for the Company's
common stock on the second business Friday of January, which is the grant date.

Executive incentive plans and individual employment agreements include
performance conditions that may increase or decrease the number of awards
granted based on future events. Unrecognized compensation cost, which generally
will be recognized as expense over the service period, based on the probable
outcome of these conditions is $16 million. Future compensation cost ranges from
approximately $6 million if none of the performance conditions are met to $19
million if all of the performance conditions are met.


Assessment of Operations

Net Interest Revenue

Tax-equivalent net interest revenue totaled $718 million for 2009 compared with
$655 million for 2008. Net interest revenue growth was driven primarily by a
$1.5 billion increase in average earning assets and a 12 basis point increase in
net interest margin.

Average earning assets increased $1.5 billion or 8% compared to 2008, primarily
due to a $1.8 billion increase in average securities. We purchased U.S.
government agency issued residential mortgage-backed securities to supplement
earnings during a period of declining loan demand. Average loans, net of
allowance for loan losses, decreased $465 million primarily due to decreases in
commercial, commercial real estate and consumer loans partially offset by growth
in residential mortgage loans.

Growth in average earning assets was funded primarily by an $888 million
increase in interest-bearing deposits and a $647 million increase in demand
deposit account balances. Average interest-bearing transaction accounts were up
$751 million and average time deposits were up $130 million.

Borrowed funds declined $333 million compared to 2008,  including a $230 million
decrease in borrowings to fund average margin  assets.  Margin assets are placed
by the Company to secure its obligations under various derivative  contracts and
are generally  reported as a reduction of the derivative  liabilities which they
secure on the Company's consolidated balance sheet. Fees earned on margin assets
are  included in fees and  commissions  revenue  while the related cost of funds
reduces net interest revenue.  Table 2 shows the effects on net interest revenue
of changes in average  balances  and  interest  rates for the  various  types of
earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities.

Net interest margin, the ratio of tax-equivalent net interest revenue to average
earning assets, increased to 3.57% in 2009 compared with 3.45% in 2008 due
primarily to lower funding costs.

<PAGE> 21

The cost of interest-bearing liabilities was 1.21% for 2009, down 134 basis
points from 2008. The cost of interest bearing deposits decreased 123 basis
points to 1.38% and the cost of funds purchased and other borrowings decreased
160 basis points to 0.81%. Rates paid on funding sources decreased in 2009 due
to market conditions. In addition, we reduced certain types of higher-costing
time deposits during the year to lower our funding costs.

The tax-equivalent yield on earning assets was 4.59% for 2009, down 105 basis
points from 2008. Loan yields decreased 118 basis points from 2008 to 4.65%;
however, loan spreads continue to improve. The securities portfolio yield was
4.36%, down 80 basis points from 2008. Our securities portfolio re-prices as
cash flow received is reinvested as current market rates. The resulting change
in yield of the securities portfolio occurs more slowly than changes in market
rates.

Our overall objective is to manage the Company's balance sheet to be relatively
neutral to changes in interest rates. Approximately two-thirds of our commercial
and commercial real estate loan portfolios are either variable rate or fixed
rate that will re-price within one year. These loans are funded primarily by
deposit accounts that are either non-interest bearing, or that re-price more
slowly than the loans. The result is a balance sheet that would be asset
sensitive, which means that assets generally re-price more quickly than
liabilities. Among the strategies that we use to achieve a relatively
rate-neutral position, we purchase fixed-rate, mortgage-backed securities and
fund them with market rate sensitive liabilities. The liability-sensitive nature
of this strategy provides an offset to the asset-sensitive characteristics of
our loan portfolio. We also use derivative instruments to manage our interest
rate risk. Interest rate swaps with a combined notional amount of $40 million
convert fixed rate liabilities to floating rate based on LIBOR. The purpose of
these derivatives is to position our balance sheet to be relatively neutral to
changes in interest rates. Net interest revenue increased $13 million in 2009
and $7.0 million in 2008 from periodic settlements of derivative contracts. This
increase in net interest revenue contributed 6 basis points and 4 basis points
to net interest margin in 2009 and 2008, respectively. Derivative contracts are
carried on the balance sheet at fair value. Changes in the fair value of these
contracts are reported as derivative gains or losses in the Consolidated
Statement of Earnings.

The effectiveness of these strategies is reflected in the overall change in net
interest revenue due to changes in interest rates as shown in Table 2 and in the
interest rate sensitivity projections as shown in the Market Risk section of
this report.

<PAGE> 22

<TABLE>
Table 2     Volume/Rate Analysis
            (In Thousands)
                                                 2009/2008                               2008/2007
                                    ------------------------------------    -------------------------------------
                                                     Change Due To(1)                          Change Due To(1)
                                                 -----------------------                 ------------------------
                                      Change       Volume    Yield/Rate       Change       Volume    Yield/Rate
                                    ------------ ----------- -----------    ------------ ----------- ------------
Tax-equivalent interest revenue:
<S>                                   <C>        <C>         <C>              <C>        <C>           <C>
  Securities                          $14,359    $  70,709   $ (56,350)       $59,749    $  45,461     $14,288
  Trading securities                   (1,235)         851      (2,086)         2,987        2,986           1
  Loans                              (158,854)     (12,458)   (146,396)      (159,817)      78,623    (238,440)
  Funds sold and resell agreements     (1,500)        (314)     (1,186)        (2,903)        (304)     (2,599)
----------------------------------- ------------ ----------- ----------- -- ------------ ----------- ------------
Total                                (147,230)      58,788    (206,018)       (99,984)     126,766    (226,750)
----------------------------------- ------------ ----------- ----------- -- ------------ ----------- ------------
Interest expense:
  Transaction deposits                (69,796)       9,924     (79,720)       (73,214)      12,679     (85,893)
  Savings deposits                        (62)          30         (92)          (823)         (50)       (773)
  Time deposits                       (54,704)       3,924     (58,628)       (49,785)        (664)    (49,121)
  Funds purchased and repurchase
       agreements                     (53,016)      (8,843)    (44,173)       (72,976)      11,273     (84,249)
  Other borrowings                    (33,036)       5,982     (39,018)        (2,032)      34,907     (36,939)
  Subordinated debentures                  36            9          27         (2,639)         195      (2,834)
----------------------------------- ------------ ----------- ----------- -- ------------ ----------- ------------
Total                                (210,578)      11,026    (221,604)      (201,469)      58,340    (259,809)
----------------------------------- ------------ ----------- ----------- -- ------------ ----------- ------------
Tax-equivalent net interest revenue    63,348     $ 47,762   $  15,586        101,485     $ 68,426    $ 33,059
                                                 ----------- -----------                 ----------- ------------
Change in tax-equivalent adjustment       154                                     892
----------------------------------- ------------                            ------------
Net interest revenue                $  63,502                               $ 102,377
----------------------------------- ------------                            ------------
</TABLE>

                                                4th Qtr 2009 / 4th Qtr 2008
                                            ------------------------------------
                                                            Change Due To(1)
                                                        ------------------------
                                              Change      Volume     Yield/Rate
                                            ----------- ------------ -----------
Tax-equivalent interest revenue:
  Securities                                $ (5,332)   $ 20,375     $(25,707)
  Trading securities                            (371)       (161)        (210)
  Loans                                      (31,837)    (15,655)     (16,182)
  Funds sold and resell agreements               (76)        (22)         (54)
------------------------------------------- ----------- ------------ -----------
Total                                        (37,616)      4,537      (42,153)
------------------------------------------- ----------- ------------ -----------
Interest expense:
  Transaction deposits                       (12,069)      4,236      (16,305)
  Savings deposits                                56          13           43
  Time deposits                              (22,390)     (7,250)     (15,140)
  Funds purchased and repurchase agreements   (5,631)     (1,433)      (4,198)
  Other borrowings                            (5,799)        894       (6,693)
  Subordinated debentures                         53           9           44
------------------------------------------- ----------- ------------ -----------
Total                                        (45,780)     (3,531)     (42,249)
------------------------------------------- ----------- ------------ -----------
Tax-equivalent net interest revenue            8,164      $8,068      $    96
                                                        ------------ -----------
Change in tax-equivalent adjustment             (133)
------------------------------------------- -----------
Net interest revenue                        $  8,031
------------------------------------------- -----------

(1) Changes attributable to both volume and yield/rate are allocated to both
volume and yield/rate on an equal basis.

Fourth Quarter 2009 Net Interest Revenue

Tax-equivalent net interest revenue for the fourth quarter of 2009 totaled $187
million compared with $179 million for the fourth quarter of 2008. Average
earning assets increased $894 million or 5%, including a $2.3 billion increase
in average securities. Average loans, net of allowance for loan losses,
decreased $1.3 billion compared to the fourth quarter of 2008. Average balances
in all major loan categories decreased as a result of reduced customer demand
and normal repayment trends. Growth in average earning assets was funded
primarily by a $954 million increase in average demand deposits. Average
interest-bearing deposits increased by $523 million offset by a $527 million
decrease in other borrowings.

Net interest margin was 3.64% for the fourth quarter of 2009 and 3.57% for the
fourth quarter of 2008. Growth in the net interest margin was due primarily to
lower funding costs.

2008 Net Interest Revenue

Tax-equivalent net interest revenue for 2008 was $655 million for 2008 compared
with $554 million for 2007. Average earning assets increased $2.0 billion,
including a $1.2 billion increase in average outstanding loans, net of allowance
for loan losses, and a $838 million increase in average securities. Growth in
the securities portfolio generally consisted of highly-rated, fixed-rate
mortgage backed securities issued by U.S. government agencies. As shown in Table
2, net interest revenue increased $68 million due to changes in earning assets
and interest bearing liabilities and increased $33 million due to changes in
interest yields and rates. The increase in net interest margin reflected a
widening of the spread between LIBOR and the federal funds rates in the second
half of 2008. LIBOR is the basis for interest earned on many of our loans. The
federal funds rate is the basis for interest paid on many of our
interest-bearing liabilities. The widening spread increased net interest margin
by approximately 7 basis points in 2008. This spread largely narrowed to its
historically

<PAGE> 23

normal  level  by the  end of  2008.  Market  uncertainty  increased  yields  on
mortgage-backed  securities despite falling interest rates. The average yield on
our securities  portfolio for 2008 increased 22 basis points compared with 2007.
The increase in net interest margin from widened spreads was partially offset by
a reduction in the benefit  from  non-interest  bearing  funding  sources.  This
benefit  decreased from 69 basis points in 2007 to 36 basis points in 2008. Very
low market  interest  rates,  especially  in the second half of 2008 reduced the
benefit of non-interest  bearing funding  sources.  Also, an increase in average
margin  assets  funded by  interest-bearing  liabilities  decreased net interest
margin by 5 basis points.


Other Operating Revenue

Other operating revenue increased $64 million compared with 2008 due to a $65
million increase in fees and commissions revenue. Mortgage banking revenue was
up $34 million over last year. Trust fees and commissions were down $13 million
and margin asset fees were down $8 million from 2008. Brokerage and trading
revenue increased $49 million over 2008. Net credit losses on derivative
contracts with two bankrupt counterparties reduced brokerage and trading revenue
and total fees and commissions by $54 million in 2008.

Net gains on securities, derivatives and other assets increased $28 million,
offset by a $29 million increase in other-than-temporary impairment charges
recognized in earnings.

<TABLE>
Table 3     Other Operating Revenue
            (In Thousands)
                                                                         Years ended December 31,
                                                     -----------------------------------------------------------
                                                         2009        2008        2007        2006        2005
                                                     ----------- ----------- ----------- ----------- -----------
<S>                                                  <C>         <C>           <C>       <C>         <C>
Brokerage and trading revenue                        $   91,677  $   42,804(1) $ 62,542  $   53,413  $   48,024
Transaction card revenue                                105,517     100,153      90,425      78,622      72,036
Trust fees and commissions                               66,177      78,979      78,231      71,037      65,187
Deposit service charges and fees                        115,791     117,528     109,218     102,436      98,361
Mortgage banking revenue                                 64,980      30,599      22,275      26,996      30,681
Bank-owned life insurance                                10,239      10,681      10,058       2,558          62
Margin asset fees                                           236       8,548       4,800      10,166       5,504
Other revenue                                            25,895      25,902      28,073      26,468      25,009
---------------------------------------------------- ----------- ----------- ----------- ----------- -----------
    Total fees and commissions                          480,512     415,194     405,622     371,696     344,864
---------------------------------------------------- ----------- ----------- ----------- ----------- -----------
Gain (loss) on other assets, net                          4,134      (9,406)      2,404       1,499       7,798
Gain (loss) on derivatives, net                         (3,365)       1,299       2,282        (622)      1,179
Gain (loss) on available for sales securities, net       59,320       9,196        (276)        152      (1,700)
Gains on Mastercard and Visa IPO securities                   -       6,799       1,075           -           -
Gain (loss) on mortgage hedge securities               (13,198)      10,948        (486)     (1,102)     (5,195)
---------------------------------------------------- ----------- ----------- ----------- ----------- -----------
Gain (loss) on securities, net                           46,122      26,943         313       (950)     (6,895)
---------------------------------------------------- ----------- ----------- ----------- ----------- -----------

Total other-than-temporary impairment losses          (129,154)     (5,306)     (8,641)           -           -
Portion of loss recognized in other
    comprehensive income                               (94,741)           -           -           -           -
---------------------------------------------------- ----------- ----------- ----------- ----------- -----------
Net impairment losses recognized in earnings           (34,413)     (5,306)     (8,641)           -           -
---------------------------------------------------- ----------- ----------- ----------- ----------- -----------

    Total other operating revenue                     $ 492,990  $  428,724  $  401,980  $  371,623  $  346,946
---------------------------------------------------- ----------- ----------- ----------- ----------- -----------
</TABLE>

(1)  Includes net derivative credit losses of $54 million.

Fees and Commissions Revenue

Diversified sources of fees and commissions revenue are a significant part of
our business strategy and represented 40% of total revenue, excluding provision
for credit losses and gains and losses on asset sales, securities and
derivatives. We believe that a variety of fee revenue sources provide an offset
to changes in interest rates, values in the equity markets, commodity prices and
consumer spending, all of which can be volatile. We expect continued growth in
other operating revenue through offering new products and services and by
expanding into markets outside of Oklahoma. However, current and future economic
conditions, regulatory constraints, increased competition and saturation in our
existing markets could affect the rate of future increases.

Brokerage and trading revenue decreased $5.1 million compared with 2008,
excluding derivative credit losses from 2008 revenue. Customer hedging revenue
decreased $15 million or 70% compared to 2008. Lower commodity prices during
2009 reduced the level of customer hedging activity, compared with the strong
market volatility experienced in both crude oil and natural gas in 2008.
Securities trading revenue increased $7.8 million or 16% over the prior year.
Increased mortgage lending activity increased the level of securities
transactions by our mortgage banking customers. Investment banking revenue
increased $3.1 million or 69% over 2008. Retail brokerage revenue decreased $631
thousand or 3%.

<PAGE> 24

Transaction card revenue depends largely on the volume and amount of
transactions processed, the number of ATM locations and the number of merchants
served. Transaction card revenue increased $5.4 million or 5% over 2008
primarily due to a $4.1 million increase in ATM network revenue and a $1.3
million increase in check card revenue. The number of check card transactions
processed during 2009 increased 8% over 2008. The number of TransFund ATM
locations totaled 1,896 at December 31, 2009, down 2% compared to last year
primarily due to consolidation of some financial institution sites. Merchant
discount revenue for 2009 totaled $28 million, up less than 1% over 2008.

Trust fees decreased $13 million or 16%. During 2009, approximately $4.7 million
of fees related to administration of the Cavanal Hill Funds and our cash
management sweep fund were voluntarily waived in order to maintain positive
yields on these funds in the current low short-term interest rate environment.
The remaining decline is primarily due to decreases in the fair value of all
trust assets administered by the Company, which is the basis for a significant
portion of trust fees and commissions revenue. Due to the market conditions
present in 2009, the fair value of trust assets remained below prior year levels
for the majority of the year. The fair value of trust assets administered by the
Company totaled $30.4 billion at December 31, 2009 compared with $30.5 billion
at December 31, 2008.

Deposit service charges and fees declined $1.7 million, or 1% compared with 2008
primarily related to a decrease in overdraft fees. Overdraft fees declined $1.8
million to $74 million due to a 6% decrease in transaction volume, partially
offset by a 4% increase in the average per item fee charged. Commercial account
service charge revenue increased slightly over prior year to $37 million. The
increase was primarily related to a partial pass-through of the FDIC special
assessment during 2009. Customers kept greater commercial account balances to
offset the decrease in the earnings credit, which provides a non-cash method for
commercial customers to avoid incurring charges for deposit services based on
account balances. Service charges on retail deposit accounts decreased 15% to
$4.4 million due to continued migration to service-charge free checking
products.

Changes in Federal banking regulations effective in the second half of 2010 are
expected to significantly reduce overdraft fee revenue. The full effect of these
regulations cannot be quantified at this time.

Mortgage banking revenue increased $34 million or 112% over 2008. Revenue from
originating and marketing mortgage loans increased $32 million compared to the
prior year. Mortgage loans originated for sale in the secondary market totaled
$2.8 billion compared to $1.2 billion in 2008. Mortgage loan originations slowed
in the latter half of 2009, but remained well above historical levels due to
government initiatives to lower national mortgage interest rates and to
stimulate housing markets. Mortgage loan servicing revenue totaled $20 million
or 0.32% of loans serviced for others in 2009 and $18 million or 0.35% of loans
serviced for others in 2008. The average outstanding balance of loans serviced
for others was $5.9 billion for 2009 and $5.0 billion for 2008. Growth in
mortgage loans serviced for others was due to retaining mortgage servicing
rights from mortgage loans originated. No mortgage loan servicing rights were
purchased in 2008 or 2009.

Margin assets which are held primarily as part of the Company's customer
derivatives programs averaged $192 million for 2009 and $422 million for 2008.
The decrease in revenue earned on margin assets is offset by an increase in net
interest revenue due to lower costs to fund the margin assets. Margin asset fees
totaled $236 thousand for 2009 and $8.5 million for 2008.

Net gains on securities, derivatives and other assets

Mortgage hedge securities held as an economic hedge of the changes in fair value
of mortgage servicing rights are carried at fair value. Changes in fair value of
these securities are recognized in earnings as they occur. For 2009, losses on
our mortgage hedge securities of $13 million were partially offset with gains on
the change in the fair value of our mortgage servicing rights of $12 million.

We recognized $59 million of net gains on sales of available for sale securities
in 2009. These securities were generally sold either because they had reached
their maximum potential total return or to mitigate extension exposure from
rising interest rates.

As more fully described in the Financial Condition - Securities section of this
report, we recognized $34 million of other-than-temporary impairment charges
against earnings in 2009 on certain privately issued residential mortgage-backed
securities and preferred stocks. We recognized $5.3 million of
other-than-temporary impairment charges against earnings in 2008 related to the
preferred stocks.

Net losses on derivatives totaled $3.4 million for 2009 compared to net gains on
derivatives of $1.3 million for 2008. Net gains or losses on derivatives consist
of fair value adjustments of all derivatives used to manage interest rate risk
and certain liabilities we have elected to carry at fair value. Derivative
instruments generally consist of interest rate swaps where we pay a variable
rate based on LIBOR and receive a fixed rate. The fair value of these swaps
generally decreases as interest rate rise resulting in a loss to the Company and
increases in value as interest rates fall resulting in a gain to the Company.
Certain certificates of deposit have been designated as reported at fair value.
This determination is made when

<PAGE> 25

the certificates of deposit are issued based on the Company's intent to swap the
interest rate on the  certificates  from a fixed rate to a LIBOR-based  variable
rate. As interest rates fall, the fair value of these fixed-rate certificates of
deposit  generally  increases and we recognize a loss.  Conversely,  as interest
rates rise, the fair value of these fixed-rate certificates of deposit generally
decreases and we recognize a gain.

Net gains on other assets is primarily due to a $5.1 million improvement in the
fair value of our private equity funds; $3.4 million of the improvement is
allocated to limited partners through Net income (loss) attributable to
non-controlling interest on the Statement of Earnings.

Fourth Quarter 2009 Other Operating Revenue

Other operating revenue for the fourth quarter of 2009 totaled $108 million
compared to $121 million for the fourth quarter of 2008. Fees and commission
revenue increased $5.0 million or 5% compared with the fourth quarter of 2008.
Mortgage banking revenue increased $6.2 million over the same period last year.
Mortgage loans funded totaled $560 million in the fourth quarter of 2009, up
from $215 million in the fourth quarter of 2008. Brokerage and trading revenue
decreased $3.3 million or 14% due primarily to lower securities trading revenue.
Derivative fees and commission revenue decreased on lower volume due to less
market volatility in 2009 compared to 2008. Transaction card revenue increased
$1.1 million or 4% compared to the previous year due primarily to higher ATM
fees and debit card processing volumes. Merchant discount fees were flat
compared to prior year.

Trust revenue decreased $651 thousand or 4% compared with the fourth quarter of
2008 due largely to the voluntary waiver of $1.7 million of fees related to the
administration of the Cavanal Hill Funds and our cash management sweep fund. In
addition, the fair value of trust assets was down less than 1% compared to the
prior year. Deposit service charges and fees increased $262 thousand or 1% due
to a $1.1 million increase in overdraft fees as a result of an increase in the
per item fee and marginally higher transaction volume, offset by a $624 thousand
decrease in commercial account activity charges.

Net securities gains for the fourth quarter of 2009 totaled $7.3 million
compared with $20 million in the fourth quarter of 2008.

2008 Other Operating Revenue

Other operating revenue totaled $429 million for 2008, up $27 million over 2007.
Fees and commissions revenue increased $9.6 million and net gains on securities,
derivatives and other assets increased $17 million. Fees and commissions revenue
was reduced by $54 million from net credit losses on derivative contracts with
two bankrupt counterparties during 2008. Excluding these credit losses,
brokerage and trading revenue performed well including a $26 million increase in
securities trading revenue, a $7.3 million increase in revenue from customer
hedging activities and a $2.8 million increase in retail brokerage revenue.
Transaction card revenue increased $9.7 million or 11% due to increases in check
card revenue, ATM fees and merchant discount revenue. Trust fees and commissions
increased $748 thousand or 1%. Service charges on deposit accounts increased
$8.3 million or 8% due to a 23% increase in commercial account service charge
revenue and a 2% increase in overdraft fees. Mortgage banking revenue increased
$8.3 million or 37% over 2007 due to increases in originating and marketing
mortgages and mortgage loan servicing revenue. Margin asset fees totaled $8.5
million for 2008, due to an increase in margin assets primarily held as part of
the Company's customer derivatives programs.

Net securities gains totaled $27 million for 2008. Other-than-temporary
impairment charges of $5.3 million and $8.6 million were recognized in 2008 and
2007, respectively, on our holdings of variable-rate, perpetual preferred
stocks.

<PAGE> 26

Other Operating Expense

Other operating expense totaled $697 million for 2009, up $34 million over 2008.
Personnel expenses increased $28 million or 8% over the previous year.
Non-personnel expenses, excluding changes in the fair value of mortgage
servicing rights, increased $53 million or 19% primarily due to an increase in
FDIC assessments, mortgage banking costs and net losses and operating expenses
related to repossessed assets. Changes in the fair value of mortgage servicing
rights decreased other operating expenses $47 million compared to 2008.

<TABLE>
Table 4     Other Operating Expense
            (In Thousands)
                                                                        Years ended December 31,
                                                   --------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                        2009          2008          2007          2006         2005
                                                   ------------- ------------- -------------- ------------ ------------
<S>                                                 <C>            <C>           <C>            <C>          <C>
Personnel expense                                   $ 380,517      $352,947      $328,705       $296,260     $258,971
Business promotion                                     19,582        23,536        21,888         19,351       17,964
Professional fees and services                         30,243        27,045        22,795         17,744       16,596
Net occupancy and equipment                            65,715        60,632        57,284         52,188       50,195
Insurance                                              24,040        11,988         3,017          4,270        2,436
FDIC special assessment                                11,773             -             -              -            -
Data processing and communications                     81,291        78,047        72,733         66,926       67,026
Printing, postage and supplies                         15,960        16,433        16,570         15,862       15,066
Net (gains) losses and operating expenses of
   repossessed assets                                  11,401         1,019           691            474          572
Amortization of intangible assets                       6,970         7,661         7,358          5,327        6,943
Mortgage banking costs                                 36,304        22,513        13,111         12,898       16,822
Change in fair value of mortgage servicing rights     (12,124)       34,515         2,893         (3,009)           -
Recovery for impairment of mortgage servicing rights        -             -             -              -       (3,915)
Visa retrospective responsibility obligation                -        (2,767)        2,767              -            -
Other expense                                          25,061        28,835        25,175         24,016       20,430
-------------------------------------------------- ------------- ------------- -------------- ------------ ------------
     Total                                          $ 696,733     $ 662,404     $ 574,987      $ 512,307    $ 469,106
-------------------------------------------------- ------------- ------------- -------------- ------------ ------------
</TABLE>

Personnel Expense

Personnel expense totaled $381 million for 2009 and $353 million for 2008.
Regular compensation, which consists of salaries and wages, overtime pay and
temporary personnel costs, totaled $232 million, up $12 million or 6% over 2008.
The increase in regular compensation was primarily due to an increase in the
average regular compensation per full time equivalent employee. Average staffing
levels increased 6% compared with 2008.

<TABLE>
Table 5      Personnel Expense
                   (In Thousands)
                                                                Years Ended December 31,
                                   ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                        2009             2008           2007              2006             2005
                                   ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                <C>             <C>             <C>              <C>              <C>
Regular compensation               $   231,897     $   219,629     $   206,857      $   185,466      $   165,529
Incentive compensation:
     Cash-based                         80,582          79,215          62,657           54,093           44,726
     Stock-based                        10,572           3,962           8,763           11,111            5,097
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total incentive compensation            91,154          83,177          71,420           65,204           49,823
Employee benefits                       57,466          50,141          47,929           45,590           43,619
Workforce reduction costs, net               -               -           2,499                -                -
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Total personnel expense          $   380,517     $   352,947     $   328,705      $   296,260      $   258,971
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Average staffing
  (full-time equivalent)                 4,403           4,140           4,106            3,828            3,677
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


Incentive compensation increased $8.0 million or 10% to $91 million. Cash-based
incentive compensation is either intended to provide current rewards to
employees who generate long-term business opportunities to the Company based on
growth in loans, deposits, customer relationships and other measurable metrics
or intended to compensate employees with commissions on completed transactions.
Total cash-based incentive compensation for 2009 increased $1.4 million or 2%
over the previous year. The increase in cash-based incentive compensation over
2008 included a $5.2 million or 18% increase in sales commissions related to
brokerage and trading revenue offset by decreased cash-based incentive
compensation for other business lines.

The Company also provides stock-based incentive compensation plans. Stock-based
compensation plans include both equity and liability awards. Compensation
expense related to liability awards increased $7.7 million compared with 2008.
This increase reflected changes in the market value of BOK Financial common
stock and other investments. The year-end

<PAGE> 27

closing  market price per share of BOK Financial  common stock  increased  $7.12
during 2009 and decreased  $11.30 during 2008.  Compensation  expense for equity
awards decreased $1.0 million  compared with 2008.  Expense for equity awards is
based on the grant-date fair value of the awards and is unaffected by subsequent
changes in fair value.

Employee benefit expense totaled $57 million, a $7.3 million or 15% increase
over 2008 primarily due to increased expense related to medical insurance costs,
employee retirement plans and payroll taxes. Employee medical insurance costs
were up $2.5 million or 15%. The Company self-insures a portion of its employee
health care coverage and these costs may be volatile. Pension expense increased
$3.1 million from 2008 due to changes in the expected return on plan assets and
discount rate.

Mortgage Banking Costs

Mortgage banking costs, excluding changes in the fair value of mortgage
servicing rights, totaled $36 million in 2009 and $23 million in 2008. Expense
recognized for actual prepayments of mortgage loans serviced totaled $21 million
in 2009 and $12 million in 2008. Low mortgage interest rates and other
incentives to stimulate the housing market caused an increase in loan
prepayments in 2009. We also maintain a reserve for losses on mortgage loans
sold with recourse. Provision for losses on these loans totaled $12 million in
2009 and $8.6 million in 2008. Loans sold with recourse are more fully discussed
in the Loan Commitments section of this report.

Changes in the fair value of mortgage servicing rights due to anticipated
prepayment speeds and other assumptions are also included in other operating
expense. Changes in fair value of mortgage servicing rights decreased operating
expense $12 million in 2009 and increased operating expense $35 million in 2008.

We maintain a portfolio of mortgage-backed securities as an economic hedge
against changes in the fair value of mortgage servicing rights. Losses on these
securities totaled $13 million in 2009 which largely offset the decrease in
operating expense. Gains on securities designated as an economic hedge totaled
$11 million in 2008. Government programs to lower mortgage interest rates
significantly increased anticipated prepayment speeds in the fourth quarter of
2008 which limited the effectiveness of our hedge.

Deposit Insurance Expense

Deposit insurance expense totaled $35 million for 2009, including a $12 million
special assessment, compared to $11 million of total deposit insurance expense
for 2008. In addition to the special assessment, the increase was due to an 8
basis point increase in the average assessment rate and a $1.5 billion increase
in average assessable deposits.

Other Operating Expenses

All other operating expenses totaled $257 million for 2009, up $16 million or 7%
over 2008. Net losses and operating expenses on repossessed assets increased $10
million and net occupancy and equipment expense increased $5.1 million. Net
losses and operating expenses on repossessed assets increased primarily due to a
$100 million increase in real estate and other repossessed assets during 2009.

Fourth Quarter 2009 Operating Expenses

Other operating expense totaled $176 million for the fourth quarter of 2009,
down $9.0 million compared to the fourth quarter of 2008. Changes in the fair
value of mortgage servicing rights reduced operating expenses by $32 million
compared with the fourth quarter of 2008. Excluding the change in fair value of
mortgage servicing rights, other operating expenses increased $23 million or
14%. Mortgage banking costs increased $6.5 million due to increased losses on
loans previously sold with recourse and loan servicing costs. Personnel expense
increased $6.0 million due largely to changes in the cost of liability-based
stock compensation. Net losses and operating expenses on repossessed assets
increased $4.1 million and deposit insurance expense increased $3.2 million.

2008 Operating Expenses

Other operating expense for 2008 totaled $662 million, an $87 million or 13%
increase over 2007. Personnel expense increased $24 million. Mortgage banking
expenses including changes in the fair value of our mortgage servicing rights
and losses on mortgage loans previously sold with recourse increased $41
million. All other operating expenses increased $22 million.

Regular compensation expense totaled $220 million, up $13 million, or 6% over
2007. Incentive compensation increased $12 million, or 16% to $83 million.
Expense for cash-based incentive compensation plans increased $17 million or 26%
including a $13 million or 84% increase in sales commissions related to
brokerage and trading revenue. Stock-based compensation expense decreased $4.8
million, reflecting changes in the market value of BOK Financial common stock

<PAGE> 28

which decreased $11.30 during 2008. Compensation expense for equity awards
increased $538 thousand or 8% over 2007. Employee benefit expenses increased
$2.2 million or 5% to $50 million.

Mortgage banking costs, including changes in the fair value of mortgage
servicing rights and provision for losses on mortgage loans sold with recourse
increased $41 million over 2007. The fair value of mortgage servicing rights
decreased $35 million in 2008 as anticipated prepayment speeds increased
significantly in the fourth quarter of 2008 in response to government programs
to lower mortgage interest rates. A disconnection between current yield on our
portfolio of mortgage-backed securities held as an economic hedge against the
fair value of our servicing rights and mortgage loan commitment rates limited
the effectiveness of our hedge.

All other operating expenses in 2008 increased $22 million or 10% over 2007,
primarily due to a $9.0 million increase in FDIC insurance premiums in addition
to increases in professional fees related to legal and other loan collection
costs and data processing and communications costs due to higher processing
volumes.

Income Taxes

Income tax expense was $107 million for 2009, $65 million for 2008 and $116
million for 2007. This represented 34%, 31% and 34%, respectively, of book
taxable income. Tax expense currently payable totaled $129 million in 2009, $116
million in 2008, and $129 million in 2007.

The statute of limitations expired on an uncertain income tax position and the
Company adjusted its current income tax liability to amounts on filed tax
returns for 2007 during 2008. In addition, the Company recognized the tax
benefit from certain appreciated securities contributed to the BOKF Charitable
Foundation in 2008. Income tax expense for 2008 would have been $71 million or
34% of book taxable income excluding these items.

Net deferred tax assets totaled $107 million at December 31, 2009 and $219
million at December 31, 2008. The decrease was due primarily to the tax effect
of unrealized losses on available for sale securities and provision for credit
losses in excess of net loans charged off. We have evaluated the recoverability
of our net deferred tax asset based on taxes previously paid in net loss
carry-back periods and other factors and determined that no valuation allowance
was required.

Reserves for uncertain tax positions totaled $12 million at December 31, 2009
and $13 million at December 31, 2008. BOK Financial operates in numerous
jurisdictions, which requires judgment regarding the allocation of income,
expense and earnings under various laws and regulations of each of these taxing
jurisdictions. Each jurisdiction may audit our tax returns and may take
different positions with respect to these allocations.

Income tax expense for the fourth quarter of 2009 totaled $25 million or 37% of
book taxable income compared to $10 million or 26% of book taxable income for
the fourth quarter of 2008. Excluding the previously mentioned tax benefit from
the contribution of appreciated securities and quarterly adjustments to the
annual effective tax rate, income tax expense for the fourth quarter of 2008
would have been $15 million or 33% of book taxable income.

<PAGE> 29

<TABLE>
Table 6     Selected Quarterly Financial Data
            (In Thousands, Except Per Share Data)
                                                             Fourth       Third       Second        First
                                                          ------------ ------------ ------------ -------------
                                                                                 2009
                                                          ----------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                       <C>          <C>           <C>          <C>
Interest revenue                                          $ 224,411    $ 226,246    $ 230,685    $ 233,227
Interest expense                                             39,933       45,785       55,105       63,382
--------------------------------------------------------- ------------ ------------ ------------ -------------
Net interest revenue                                        184,478      180,461      175,580      169,845
Provision for credit losses                                  48,620       55,120       47,120       45,040
--------------------------------------------------------- ------------ ------------ ------------ -------------
Net interest revenue after provision for credit losses      135,858      125,341      128,460      124,805
Fees and commissions revenue                                115,949      119,956      123,100      121,507
Gain (loss) on other assets, net                               (205)       3,223          973          143
Loss on derivatives, net                                       (370)        (294)      (1,037)      (1,664)
Gain on securities, net                                       7,277       12,266        6,471       20,108
Total other-than-temporary impairment losses                (67,390)      (6,133)      (1,263)     (54,368)
Portion of loss recognized in other comprehensive income    (52,902)      (2,752)         279      (39,366)
--------------------------------------------------------- ------------ ------------ ------------ -------------
Net impairment losses recognized in earnings                (14,488)      (3,381)      (1,542)     (15,002)
--------------------------------------------------------- ------------ ------------ ------------ -------------
Other operating expense                                     181,722      175,751      183,635      167,749
Change in fair value of mortgage servicing rights            (5,285)       2,981       (7,865)      (1,955)
--------------------------------------------------------- ------------ ------------ ------------ -------------
Income before taxes                                          67,584       78,379       80,655       84,103
Income tax expense                                           24,780       24,772       28,315       28,838
--------------------------------------------------------- ------------ ------------ ------------ -------------
Net income before non-controlling interest                   42,804       53,607       52,340       55,265
Net income attributable to non-controlling interest              33        2,947          225          233
--------------------------------------------------------- ------------ ------------ ------------ -------------
Net income attributable to BOK Financial Corp.             $ 42,771     $ 50,660     $ 52,115      $ 55,032
--------------------------------------------------------- ------------ ------------ ------------ -------------

Earnings per share:
   Basic                                                    $ 0.63       $ 0.75       $ 0.77        $ 0.81
--------------------------------------------------------- ------------ ------------ ------------ -------------
   Diluted                                                  $ 0.63       $ 0.75       $ 0.77        $ 0.81
--------------------------------------------------------- ------------ ------------ ------------ -------------

Average shares:
   Basic                                                     67,446       67,392       67,345       67,316
--------------------------------------------------------- ------------ ------------ ------------ -------------
   Diluted                                                   67,600       67,514       67,448       67,387
--------------------------------------------------------- ------------ ------------ ------------ -------------
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
                                                                                 2008
                                                          ----------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                       <C>           <C>          <C>          <C>
Interest revenue                                          $ 262,160     $263,358     $260,086     $276,041
Interest expense                                             85,713       99,010      101,147      128,913
--------------------------------------------------------- ------------ ------------ ------------ -------------
Net interest revenue                                        176,447      164,348      158,939      147,128
Provision for credit losses                                  73,001       52,711       59,310       17,571
--------------------------------------------------------- ------------ ------------ ------------ -------------
Net interest revenue after provision for credit losses      103,446      111,637       99,629      129,557
Fees and commissions revenue                                110,930      126,658       63,749      113,857
Gain (loss) on other assets, net                             (7,420)        (841)      (1,149)           4
Gain (loss) on derivatives, net                              (2,219)       4,366       (2,961)       2,113
Gain (loss) on securities, net                               20,156        2,103       (5,242)       9,926
Total other-than-temporary impairment losses                      -            -            -       (5,306)
Portion of loss recognized in other comprehensive income          -            -            -            -
--------------------------------------------------------- ------------ ------------ ------------ -------------
Net impairment losses recognized in earnings                      -            -            -       (5,306)
--------------------------------------------------------- ------------ ------------ ------------ -------------
Other operating expense                                     159,010      158,736      158,501      151,642
Change in fair value of mortgage servicing rights            26,432        5,554          767        1,762
--------------------------------------------------------- ------------ ------------ ------------ -------------
Income (loss) before taxes                                   39,451       79,633       (5,242)      96,747
Income tax expense (benefit)                                 10,363       22,958       (2,862)      34,450
--------------------------------------------------------- ------------ ------------ ------------ -------------
Net income (loss) before non-controlling interest            29,088       56,675       (2,380)      62,297
Net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interest   (6,355)         (10)      (1,219)          32
--------------------------------------------------------- ------------ ------------ ------------ -------------
Net income (loss) attributable to BOK Financial Corp.      $ 35,443      $56,685     $ (1,161)    $ 62,265
--------------------------------------------------------- ------------ ------------ ------------ -------------

Earnings (loss) per share:
   Basic                                                   $   0.53         $ 0.84     $  (0.02)    $   0.92
--------------------------------------------------------- ------------ ------------ ------------ -------------
   Diluted                                                 $   0.52         $ 0.84     $  (0.02)    $   0.92
--------------------------------------------------------- ------------ ------------ ------------ -------------

Average shares:
   Basic                                                     67,294       67,263       67,452       67,202
--------------------------------------------------------- ------------ ------------ ------------ -------------
   Diluted                                                   67,456       67,432       67,452       67,504
--------------------------------------------------------- ------------ ------------ ------------ -------------
</TABLE>

<PAGE> 30

Lines of Business

We operate three principal lines of business: commercial banking, consumer
banking and wealth management. Commercial banking includes lending, treasury and
cash management services and customer risk management products to small
businesses, middle market and larger commercial customers. Commercial banking
also includes the TransFund network. Consumer banking includes retail lending
and deposit services and all mortgage banking activities. Wealth management
provides fiduciary services, brokerage and trading, private bank services and
investment advisory services in all markets. Wealth management also originates
loans for high net worth clients.

In addition to our lines of business, we have a funds management unit. The
primary purpose of this unit is to manage our overall liquidity needs and
interest rate risk. Each line of business borrows funds from and provides funds
to the funds management unit as needed to support their operations. Operating
results for funds management and other include the effect of interest rate risk
positions and risk management activities, securities gains and losses including
impairment charges, the provision for credit losses in excess of net loans
charged off, tax planning strategies and certain executive compensation costs
that are not attributed to the lines of business. Funds management and other
also included the FDIC special assessment charge in the second quarter of 2009.
Regular FDIC insurance assessments are charged to the business units.

We allocate resources and evaluate the performance of our lines of business
after allocation of funds, certain indirect expenses, taxes based on statutory
rates, actual net credit losses and capital costs. The cost of funds borrowed
from the funds management unit by the operating lines of business is transfer
priced at rates that approximate market for funds with similar duration. Market
is generally based on the applicable LIBOR or interest rate swap rates, adjusted
for prepayment risk. This method of transfer-pricing funds that support assets
of the operating lines of business tends to insulate them from interest rate
risk.

The value of funds provided by the operating lines of business to the funds
management unit is based on applicable Federal Home Loan Bank advance rates.
Deposit accounts with indeterminate maturities, such as demand deposit accounts
and interest-bearing transaction accounts, are transfer-priced at a rolling
average based on expected duration of the accounts. The expected duration ranges
from 30 days for certain rate-sensitive deposits to five years.

Economic capital is assigned to the business units by a third-party developed
capital allocation model that reflects management's assessment of risk. This
model assigns capital based upon credit, operating, interest rate and market
risk inherent in our business lines and recognizes the diversification benefits
among the units. The level of assigned economic capital is a combination of the
risk taken by each business line, based on its actual exposures and calibrated
to its own loss history where possible. Average invested capital includes
economic capital and amounts we have invested in the lines of business.

As shown in Table 7, net income attributed to our lines of business decreased
$46 million or 34% from the prior year. Credit losses attributed to the business
units decreased their pre-tax income by $35 million. In addition, less net
interest revenue was attributed to the lines of business and more net interest
revenue was attributed to the funds management unit. Total tax-equivalent net
interest revenue recognized by the lines of business in 2009 decreased $45
million from 2008 and tax-equivalent net interest revenue recognized by the
funds management unit increased $108 million. Lower market interest rates
decreased the transfer pricing credit provided to business units that generate
lower-costing funds for the Company. This tends to shift revenue from units that
provide funds. In addition, net interest revenue in the business units was
reduced by a decrease in average loan balances and increased in the funds
management unit due to growth in the securities portfolio.

Table 7     Net Income by Line of Business
            (In Thousands)
                                            Years ended December 31,
                                         2009          2008           2007
                                    ------------- -------------- -------------

Commercial banking                    $ 57,536      $ 79,799       $150,537
Consumer banking                        20,987        25,749         57,251
Wealth management                       11,037        29,737         25,622
----------------------------------- ------------- -------------- -------------
     Subtotal                           89,560       135,285        233,410
Funds management and other             111,018        17,947        (15,746)
----------------------------------- ------------- -------------- -------------
     Total                            $200,578      $153,232       $217,664
----------------------------------- ------------- -------------- -------------

<PAGE> 31

Commercial Banking

Commercial banking contributed $58 million to consolidated net income for 2009,
down from $80 million in 2008. The decrease in commercial banking net income was
largely due to a $25 million decrease in net interest revenue and a $19 million
increase in net loans charged-off partially offset by a $27 million increase in
other operating revenue. Other operating revenue attributed to commercial
banking was reduced by $41 million of net credit losses on a customer's
derivatives position in 2008.

<TABLE>
Table 8   Commercial Banking
            (Dollars in Thousands)
                                                 Years ended December 31,
                                     -----------------------------------------------
                                           2009           2008           2007
                                     -----------------------------------------------
<S>                                      <C>          <C>            <C>
  NIR (expense) from external sources    $ 345,375    $   451,624    $    526,225
  NIR (expense) from internal sources      (52,598)      (134,191)       (200,390)
                                     -----------------------------------------------
  Total net interest revenue               292,777        317,433         325,835

  Other operating revenue                  133,703        107,185         131,081
  Operating expense                        224,065        216,655         201,876
  Net loans charged off                    100,749         81,966           9,747
  Gains on financial instruments, net            -          4,689           1,075
  Gains (losses) on repossessed assets, net (7,500)           (82)             10
                                     -----------------------------------------------
  Income before taxes                       94,166        130,604         246,378
  Federal and state income tax              36,630         50,805          95,841
                                     -----------------------------------------------
  Net income                             $  57,536      $  79,799    $    150,537
                                      ===============================================

  Average assets                      $ 10,116,014    $11,049,565    $  9,646,637
  Average loans                          9,184,600      9,684,461       8,795,426
  Average deposits                       5,365,180      4,559,653       4,146,378
  Average invested capital               1,042,101      1,103,656       1,095,314
  Return on assets                          0.57%          0.72%           1.56%
  Return on invested capital                5.52           7.23           13.74
  Efficiency ratio                         52.54          51.02           44.18
  Net charge-offs to average loans          1.10           0.85            0.11
</TABLE>


Net interest revenue decreased $25 million or 8% compared with 2008. The
decreased internal transfer pricing credit provided to the commercial banking
unit on $5.4 billion of average deposits sold to the funds management unit
reduced net interest revenue by approximately $40 million. In addition, the
average outstanding balance of loans attributed to commercial banking decreased
$500 million in 2009 on reduced customer demand and normal repayment trends,
which decreased net interest revenue by $12 million. This decrease in net
interest revenue was partially offset by loan spreads which improved 22 basis
points, increasing net interest revenue by $21 million.

Other operating revenue excluding the previously noted credit losses on
derivative contracts, decreased $15 million or 10%. Derivative fees and
commissions were down $10 million on lower transaction volumes due to lower
commodity price volatility in 2009 compared to 2008. Revenue from margin assets
was down $8.0 million due to a decrease in margin assets held as part of our
customer derivative programs. Transaction card revenues were up $4.2 million
over 2008. Service charges on commercial deposit accounts were flat with the
prior year. Operating expenses were up $7.4 million or 3% due primarily to
increased FDIC insurance expense as a result of an increase in commercial
deposit balances and the regular assessment rate in addition to higher
professional fees to collect problem assets.

The average outstanding balance of loans attributed to commercial banking was
$9.2 billion compared to $9.7 billion for 2008. Average commercial banking
division loans decreased $500 million or 5% compared to 2008. See Loans section
following for additional discussion of changes in commercial and commercial real
estate loans which primarily attributed to the commercial banking segment. Net
commercial banking loans charged off increased $19 million in 2009 to $101
million or 1.10% of average loans attributed to this line of business. Net
commercial banking loans charged off in 2008 totaled $82 million or 0.85% of
average loans attributable to this line of business and included a $26 million
energy loan and an $11 million recovery on two loans charged off in 2001 and
2005. The increase in net loans charged off was primarily due to increased
losses on commercial real estate loans.

Average deposits attributed to commercial banking were $5.4 billion for 2008, up
$806 million or 18% over 2008. Average balances attributed to our commercial and
industrial customers increased $574 million or 69%. Average balances attributed
to our small business customers increased $137 million or 8% and average deposit
balances attributed to our energy

<PAGE> 32

customers  increased  $32  million or 7%.  Treasury  services  account  balances
increased $41 million or 3% and average deposit  balances of our commercial real
estate customers increased $17 million or 8%.

Consumer Banking

Consumer banking services are provided through four primary distribution
channels: traditional branches, supermarket branches, the 24-hour ExpressBank
call center and On-line internet banking. We currently have 197 consumer banking
locations, including branch banking locations and mortgage lending offices. Our
consumer banking locations are primarily distributed 85 in Oklahoma, 48 in
Texas, 22 in New Mexico and 15 in Colorado.

Consumer banking contributed $21 million to consolidated net income in 2009,
down from $26 million in 2008. The decrease in consumer banking net income was
largely due to a decrease in net interest revenue, partially offset by higher
mortgage revenues and expenses and changes in the fair value of mortgage
servicing rights, net of economic hedge.

<TABLE>
Table 9   Consumer Banking
            (Dollars in Thousands)

                                                   Years ended December 31,
                                       -----------------------------------------------
                                             2009           2008            2007
                                       -----------------------------------------------
<S>                                      <C>             <C>            <C>
   NIR (expense) from external sources   $    57,893     $   32,076     $     (7,807)
   NIR (expense) from internal sources        73,565        118,728          163,028
                                       -----------------------------------------------

   Total net interest revenue                131,458        150,804          155,221

   Other operating revenue                   182,895        148,885          144,585
   Operating expense                         256,337        219,024          193,600
   Net loans charged off                      24,366         16,726            9,233
   Increase (decrease) in fair value
       of mortgage servicing rights           12,124        (34,515)          (2,893)
   Gains (losses) on financial               (13,198)        12,525             (486)
   instruments, net
   Gains on repossessed assets, net            1,773            193              107
                                       -----------------------------------------------
   Income before taxes                        34,349          42,142          93,701
   Federal and state income tax               13,362          16,393          36,450
                                       -----------------------------------------------
   Net income                            $    20,987    $     25,749    $     57,251
                                       ===============================================

   Average assets                        $ 6,149,598    $  5,764,667    $  5,509,485
   Average loans                           2,447,625       2,508,788       2,270,859
   Average deposits                        6,048,201       5,678,166       5,442,666
   Average invested capital                  225,540         207,586         180,393
   Return on assets                             0.34%           0.45%           1.04%
   Return on invested capital                   9.31           12.40           31.74
   Efficiency ratio                            81.54           73.08           64.58
   Net charge-offs to average loans             1.00            0.67            0.41
   Banking locations (period-end)                197             195             189
   Mortgage loan servicing portfolio       7,366,780       5,983,824       5,481,736
   Mortgage loan fundings                  2,828,260       1,018,246         919,823
</TABLE>


Net interest revenue from consumer banking activities decreased $19 million or
13% from 2008. Historically low short-term interest rates decreased the internal
transfer pricing credit provided to the consumer banking division for funds sold
to our funds management unit by $39 million. This decrease was partially offset
by additional net interest revenue generated by asset growth.

Other operating revenue increased $34 million or 23% over 2008 primarily due to
increased mortgage banking revenue. Loan funding volumes were up due to
government initiatives to lower national mortgage interest rates and stimulate
housing markets. Deposit service charges were down $2.2 million or 3% compared
to the prior year and transaction card revenues increased $1.2 million or 4%
over 2008.

Operating expenses increased $37 million or 17% over 2008. Personnel expense
increased $7.6 million or 11% due primarily to branch expansion in Arizona,
Colorado and Texas. Mortgage banking expenses increased $9.3 million due to the
effect of accelerated actual loan repayments on the value of our mortgage
servicing rights. FDIC insurance premiums increased $5.5 million primarily due
to increased deposit balances and FDIC regular assessment rates. In addition,
facilities and other operating expenses increased due to branch expansion in
Arizona, Colorado and Texas.

<PAGE> 33

Our Consumer Banking division originates, markets and services conventional and
government-sponsored mortgage loans for all of our geographical markets. During
2009, we funded $3.0 billion of mortgage loans compared to $1.0 billion in 2008.
Approximately 54% of our mortgage loans funded was in the Oklahoma market, 14%
in the Texas market and 12% in the Colorado market. Revenue from mortgage loan
origination and marketing activities totaled $45 million in 2009 and $13 million
in 2008. As of December 31, 2009, we also service $7.4 billion of mortgage
loans, including $828 million of loans serviced for affiliates. Approximately
95% of the mortgage loans serviced was to borrowers in our primary geographical
market areas. Mortgage loan servicing revenue totaled $20 million in 2009 and
$18 million in 2008.

Changes in fair value of our mortgage loan servicing rights, net of securities
held as an economic hedge, reduced consumer banking net income by $656 thousand
in 2009 and reduced consumer banking net income by $14 million in 2008.

The interest rate sensitivity of our mortgage servicing rights and securities
held as an economic hedge is modeled over a range of +/- 50 basis points. At
December 31, 2009, a 50 basis point increase in mortgage interest rates is
expected to decrease the fair value of our mortgage servicing rights, net of
economic hedging by $3.6 million. A 50 basis point decrease in mortgage interest
rates is expected to decrease the fair value of our mortgage servicing rights,
net of economic hedging by $1.4 million. Modeling changes in the value of our
servicing rights due to changes in interest rates assumes stable relationships
between mortgage commitment rates and discount rates and assumed prepayment
speeds and actual prepayment speeds. Changes in market conditions can cause
variations from these assumptions. These factors and others may cause changes in
the value of our mortgage servicing rights to differ from our expectations.

Average consumer deposits increased $370 million or 7% over 2008.
Interest-bearing transaction accounts were up $199 million or 9% and time
deposits were up $106 million or 4%. Average demand deposit accounts increased
$57 million or 8%. Movement of funds among the various types of consumer
deposits was largely based on interest rates and product features offered.

Wealth Management

The Wealth Management division contributed $11 million to net income in 2009,
compared to $30 million in 2008. The decrease in net income was due primarily to
increased operating expenses and net loans charged off.

<TABLE>
Table 10   Wealth Management
            (Dollars in Thousands)
                                                   Years ended December 31,
                                        ----------------------------------------------
                                              2009          2008            2007
                                        ----------------------------------------------
<S>                                       <C>            <C>            <C>
   NIR (expense) from external sources    $    25,899    $   12,617     $      8,562
   NIR (expense) from internal sources         18,746        32,853           37,627
                                        ----------------------------------------------
   Total net interest revenue                  44,645        45,470           46,189

   Other operating revenue                    156,360       156,133          130,681
   Operating expense                          171,543       149,966          133,436
   Net loans charged off                       11,399         2,961            1,513
   Gains (losses) on financial
      instruments, net                              -            (7)              13
                                        ----------------------------------------------
   Income before taxes                         18,063        48,669           41,934
   Federal and state income tax                 7,026        18,932           16,312
                                        ----------------------------------------------
   Net income                             $    11,037     $  29,737     $     25,622
                                        ==============================================

   Average assets                         $ 3,032,007   $ 2,193,386     $  1,743,943
   Average loans                            1,059,342       933,020          910,391

   Average deposits                         2,958,549     2,100,237        1,653,606
   Average invested capital                   194,731       183,845          171,159
   Return on assets                              0.36%         1.36%            1.47%
   Return on invested capital                    5.67         16.18            14.97
   Efficiency ratio                             85.34         74.39            75.44
   Net charge-offs (annualized) to
      average loans                              1.08          0.32             0.17
   Trust assets                           $30,385,365   $30,454,512     $ 36,288,592
</TABLE>

Net interest revenue decreased $825 thousand or 2%. Lower internal funds
transfer credit provided for deposits sold to the funds management unit
decreased net interest revenue by $19 million. This was primarily offset by
increased deposit volume as well as increased loan volume and yields.

<PAGE> 34

Other operating revenue increased $227 thousand from the prior year. Increased
trading and brokerage revenue due to higher level of securities transactions by
our mortgage banking customers and increased investment banking were offset by
declines in trust fees and commissions due to fee waivers and decreases in the
fair value of trust assets.

Operating expenses increased $22 million or 14% over 2008. Personnel expense was
up $16 million or 16%, primarily due to increased staffing and incentive
compensation related to penetration in markets outside of Oklahoma.
Non-personnel operating expenses increased $5.8 million or 11% compared with
2008 primarily due to increased FDIC insurance premiums as a results of an
increase in the FDIC regular assessment rate and increased deposit balances.

Average loans by the wealth management division increased $126 million or 14% to
$1.1 billion at December 31, 2009. Net loans charged off in 2009 were $11
million compared to $3.0 million in 2008.

The Wealth Management division provided $3.0 billion of average deposits in
2009, an increase of $858 million or 41% over $2.1 billion in average deposits
in 2008. Wealth management deposits are largely sold to the funds management
unit and increased primarily due to an increase in time deposits and interest
bearing transaction accounts. Interest-bearing transaction accounts averaged
$1.9 billion for 2009, an increase of $406 million or 28% over 2008. The growth
in interest bearing transaction account reflects continued movement of customer
funds from money market products that were not on the Company's balance sheet to
deposits as well as high net worth customer relationship growth. Average time
deposits were $828 million, up $439 million or 38% over last year. Time deposits
grew during 2009 primarily due to product offerings to institutional customers.

At December 31, 2009 and 2008, Wealth Management was responsible for trust
assets with aggregate fair values of $30.4 billion and $30.5 billion,
respectively, under various fiduciary arrangements. The decrease in fair value
of trust assets was due primarily to general market conditions. We have sole or
joint discretionary authority over $10.8 billion of trust assets at December 31,
2009 compared to $11.5 billion at December 31, 2008. The fair value of
non-managed assets totaled $12.3 billion at December 31, 2009, down from $11.3
billion at December 31, 2008. The fair value of assets held in safekeeping
totaled $7.2 billion at December 31, 2009 and $7.7 billion at December 31, 2008.


Geographic Market Distribution

The Company also secondarily evaluates performance by primary geographic market.
Loans are generally attributed to geographic markets based on the location of
the customer and may not reflect the location of the underlying collateral.
Brokered deposits and other wholesale funds are not attributed to a geographic
market. Funds management and other also include insignificant results of
operations in locations outside our primary geographic regions.

Table 11    Net Income by Geographic Region
            (In Thousands)
                                           Years ended December 31,
                                        2009          2008           2007
                                   ------------- -------------- -------------
Oklahoma                             $ 85,774      $ 70,516       $141,812
Texas                                  17,011        42,526         53,806
New Mexico                              6,142        14,657         18,728
Arkansas                               10,636         9,389          4,775
Colorado                               (7,811)        7,617         13,783
Arizona                               (28,149)       (8,082)         4,092
Kansas/Missouri                         6,433           537           (381)
---------------------------------- ------------- -------------- -------------
     Subtotal                          90,036       137,160        236,615
Funds management and other            110,542        16,072        (18,951)
---------------------------------- ------------- -------------- -------------
     Total                           $200,578      $153,232       $217,664
---------------------------------- ------------- -------------- -------------

<PAGE> 35

Oklahoma Market

Oklahoma is a significant market to the Company. Our Oklahoma offices are
located primarily in the Tulsa and Oklahoma City metropolitan areas.
Approximately 51% of our average loans, 52% of our average deposits and 43% of
our consolidated net income is attributed to the Oklahoma market. In addition,
all of our mortgage servicing activity and 77% of our trust assets are
attributed to the Oklahoma market.

<TABLE>
Table 12 Oklahoma
            (Dollars in Thousands)
                                                   Years ended December 31,
                                       -----------------------------------------------
                                             2009           2008            2007
                                       -----------------------------------------------
<S>                                      <C>            <C>             <C>
   Net interest revenue                  $   235,581    $   245,328     $    260,840

   Other operating revenue                   316,541        280,323          294,569
   Operating expense                         374,860        348,677          310,038
   Net loans charged off                      35,762         44,783           11,146
   Increase (decrease) in fair value
       of mortgage servicing rights           12,124        (34,515)          (2,893)
   Gains (losses) on financial
      instruments, net                       (13,198)        17,207              602
   Gains (losses) on repossessed
      assets, net                                (42)           528              164
                                       -----------------------------------------------
   Income before taxes                       140,384        115,411          232,098
   Federal and state income tax               54,610         44,895           90,286
                                       -----------------------------------------------
   Net income                            $    85,774    $    70,516     $    141,812
                                       ===============================================

   Average assets                        $  8,841,130   $  8,105,136    $  7,356,038
   Average loans                            6,088,634      6,427,544       6,331,536
   Average deposits                         7,888,821      6,780,539       5,999,478
   Average invested capital                   728,567        788,573         826,533
   Return on assets                              0.97%          0.87%           1.93%
   Return on invested capital                   11.77           8.94           17.16
   Efficiency ratio                             67.89          66.33           55.82
   Net charge-offs to average loans              0.59           0.70            0.18
</TABLE>


Net income generated in the Oklahoma market in 2009 increased $15 million or 22%
over 2008.

Net interest revenue decreased $9.7 million or 4% from 2008 due to a $339
million decrease in average loans, offset by improving interest spreads on
loans. The benefit to net interest revenue from average deposit growth of $1.1
billion compared to the prior year was offset by lower internal funds transfer
credit provided for funds sold to the funds management unit.

Other operating revenue, excluding $41 million of net credit losses on certain
customer derivative contracts in 2008 decreased $5.1 million or 2% due primarily
to lower derivative and related margin interest fees, lower trust fees due to
fee waivers and a decline in the fair value of trust assets. Increased mortgage
banking revenue provided a partial offset.

Operating expense increased $26 million or 8% due primarily to higher personnel
costs and mortgage banking costs. FDIC insurance premiums were also higher as a
result of an increase in the regular assessment rate and deposit balances.

Changes in the fair value of mortgage servicing rights, net of changes in the
fair value of financial instruments designated as an economic hedge, decreased
pre-tax income by $1.1 million in 2009 and $24 million in 2008. Net gains on
financial instruments also included $6.8 million from the partial redemption of
stock received from the Visa, Inc. initial public offering in 2008.

Net loans charged-off totaled $36 million or 0.59% of average loans in 2009 and
$45 million or 0.70% of average loans in 2008. Net loans charged-off in 2008,
excluding $26 million from the SemGroup charge-off and two recoveries that are
not expected to recur, totaled $30 million or 0.47% of average loans. Net
charge-offs increased in all loan categories.

<PAGE> 36

Texas Market

Texas is our second largest market. Our Texas offices are located primarily in
the Dallas, Fort Worth and Houston metropolitan areas. Approximately 30% of our
average loans, 24% of our average deposits and 8% of our consolidated net income
is attributed to the Texas market.

<TABLE>
Table 13   Texas
            (Dollars in Thousands)
                                                   Years ended December 31,
                                       -----------------------------------------------
                                             2009           2008            2007
                                       -----------------------------------------------
<S>                                      <C>            <C>             <C>
   Net interest revenue                  $   134,651    $   153,278     $    150,658

   Other operating revenue                    51,219         45,348           44,177
   Operating expense                         134,341        115,754          108,278
   Net loans charged off                      23,607         16,544            2,438
   Gains (losses) on repossessed
      assets, net                             (1,343)           119              (47)
                                       -----------------------------------------------
   Income before taxes                        26,579         66,447           84,072
   Federal and state income tax                9,568         23,921           30,266
                                       -----------------------------------------------
   Net income                          $       17,011   $    42,526     $     53,806
                                       ===============================================

   Average assets                        $  4,168,652   $ 3,911,535     $  3,473,968
   Average loans                            3,607,661     3,625,751        3,037,589
   Average deposits                         3,701,415     3,222,986        2,959,111
   Average invested capital                   536,416       536,239          511,888
   Return on assets                              0.41%         1.09%            1.55%
   Return on invested capital                    3.17          7.93            10.51
   Efficiency ratio                             72.28         58.28            55.57
   Net charge-offs to average loans              0.65          0.46             0.08
</TABLE>


Net income in the Texas market decreased by $26 million compared to 2008
primarily due to decreased net interest revenue and increased operating
expenses.

Net interest revenue decreased $19 million or 12% compared to 2008. Average
outstanding loans decreased $18 million or less than 1% compared to 2008.
Average deposits increased $478 million or 15%. The benefit of an increase in
average deposits was offset by the decrease in average loans and reduced benefit
from funds sold to the funds management unit.

Other operating revenue increased $5.9 million or 13% compared to 2008 primarily
related to increased mortgage banking revenue, transaction card revenue and
deposit service charges, partially offset by a decrease in brokerage and trading
revenue. Operating expenses increased $19 million or 16% over last year
primarily related to higher personnel costs and FDIC insurance premiums as a
result of an increase in the FDIC regular assessment rate and deposit balances.

Net loans charged-off totaled $24 million or 0.65% of average loans in 2009 and
$17 million or 0.46% of average loans in 2008.

Other Markets

Net income attributed to our New Mexico market totaled $6.1 million or 3% of
consolidated net income for 2009, down from $15 million in 2008. The decrease in
net income attributed to New Mexico resulted from a decrease in net interest
revenue, an increase in net loans charged off and an increase in operating
expenses in 2009 compared to 2008. Net interest revenue decreased due to the
lower internal funds transfer credit provided for funds sold to the funds
management unit and decreased loan balances. Higher operating expenses were
primarily related to increased FDIC insurance expense due to increased deposit
balances and regular assessment rates. Average deposits increased $111 million
over 2008. Net loans charged off in 2009 totaled $7.1 million or 0.88% of
average loans.

Net income in the Arkansas market increased to $10.6 million in 2009 from $9.4
million in 2008 due primarily to growth in securities trading revenue at our
Little Rock office, offset by higher personnel costs. Average deposits in our
Arkansas market were up $82 million or 112% over the prior year primarily
related to commercial banking deposits. Consumer and wealth management deposits
also increased over 2008.

We incurred a net loss of $7.8 million in the Colorado market compared to net
income of $7.6 million in 2008. The decrease in net income was primarily related
to increased net loans charged off and higher FDIC insurance premiums. Net loans
charged-off totaled $25 million or 2.75% of average loans in 2009 and $8.1
million or 0.95% of average loans in

<PAGE> 37

2008. Net loans charged off included $12 million of commercial real estate loans
and $5.7 million of service sector commercial loans. Average loans increased $49
million compared to the prior year and average  deposits  increased $79 million.
At December 31, 2009,  nonperforming  loans in the Colorado  market  totaled $60
million or 6.91% of total loans consisting primarily of nonaccruing  residential
construction and land development loans.

The Arizona market experienced a net loss of $28 million in 2009 and $8.1
million in 2008. These losses were largely due to an increase in net loans
charged-off and decreased net interest revenue. In addition, operating expenses
were up due to increased losses on repossessed assets. Net loans charged-off
totaled $40 million or 7.04% of average loans in 2009 and $18 million or 3.07%
of average loans in 2008. Average loans declined $25 million compared to the
prior year due primarily to decreases in commercial real estate loans. Average
deposits grew by $56 million. At December 31, 2009, nonperforming loans in the
Arizona market totaled $85 million or 17.09% of total loans consisting primarily
of nonaccruing residential construction and land development loans.

Consistent with plans when we first acquired Valley Commerce Bank in Phoenix in
2005, our objective is to focus on growth in commercial and small business
lending in the Arizona market. We have expanded our commercial lending staff in
this market and opened three new banking locations in 2009. We have
significantly scaled-back commercial real estate lending activities which were
not contemplated in our initial expansion into this market. During 2009, we
exited the Tucson market which we first entered in 2006. Assets attributed to
the Arizona market include $16 million of goodwill that may be impaired in
future periods if these growth plans are unsuccessful.

The Kansas/Missouri market experienced net income growth of $5.9 million
primarily due to a $6.2 million decrease in net loans charged off and a $6.4
million increase in other operating revenue, offset by a $3.2 million increase
in operating expenses. Brokerage and trading revenue grew $5.7 million over last
year. Personnel costs related to this revenue growth were up $1.3 million. Total
average deposits increased $121 million over 2008 and average loans decreased
$38 million compared to the prior year.


<TABLE>
Table 14 New Mexico
            (Dollars in Thousands)
                                                   Years ended December 31,
                                       -----------------------------------------------
                                             2009           2008            2007
                                       -----------------------------------------------
<S>                                        <C>          <C>             <C>
   Net interest revenue                    $   32,775   $    39,673     $     45,583

   Other operating revenue                    23,959         23,788           24,127
   Operating expense                          38,632         35,753           35,412
   Net loans charged off                       7,125          3,715            3,646
   Gains (losses) on repossessed
      assets, net                               (925)            (5)               -
                                       -----------------------------------------------
   Income before taxes                        10,052         23,988           30,652
   Federal and state income tax                3,910          9,331           11,924
                                       -----------------------------------------------
   Net income                              $   6,142    $    14,657     $     18,728
                                       ===============================================

   Average assets                       $  1,248,607    $ 1,141,031     $  1,187,667
   Average loans                             810,867        841,353          817,118
   Average deposits                        1,146,942      1,036,209        1,082,883
   Average invested capital                   97,655        110,333          114,498
   Return on assets                             0.49%          1.28%            1.58%
   Return on invested capital                   6.29          13.28            16.36
   Efficiency ratio                            68.09          56.34            50.80
   Net charge-offs to average loans             0.88           0.44             0.45
</TABLE>

<PAGE> 38

<TABLE>
Table 15 Arkansas
            (Dollars in Thousands)
                                                   Years ended December 31,
                                       -----------------------------------------------
                                             2009           2008            2007
                                       -----------------------------------------------
<S>                                         <C>         <C>             <C>
   Net interest revenue                     $ 11,751    $    11,784     $     10,075

   Other operating revenue                    37,119         29,104           17,214
   Operating expense                          27,378         22,027           18,237
   Net loans charged off                       3,665          3,253            1,238
   Losses on repossessed assets, net            (419)          (242)               -
                                       -----------------------------------------------
   Income before taxes                        17,408         15,366            7,814
   Federal and state income tax                6,772          5,977            3,039
                                       -----------------------------------------------
   Net income                             $   10,636    $     9,389     $      4,775
                                       ===============================================

   Average assets                         $  425,071    $   446,101     $    367,731
   Average loans                             409,339        434,339          358,387
   Average deposits                          155,981         73,605           68,659
   Average invested capital                   32,584         30,290           27,185
   Return on assets                             2.50%          2.10%            1.30%
   Return on invested capital                  32.64          31.00            17.56
   Efficiency ratio                            56.02          53.87            66.83
   Net charge-offs to average loans             0.90           0.75             0.35

</TABLE>


<TABLE>
Table 16 Colorado
            (Dollars in Thousands)
                                                   Years ended December 31,
                                       -----------------------------------------------
                                             2009           2008            2007
                                       -----------------------------------------------
<S>                                       <C>           <C>             <C>
   Net interest revenue                   $   34,966    $    37,009     $     36,544

   Other operating revenue                    18,237         16,600           16,276
   Operating expense                          40,032         32,997           29,985
   Net loans charged off                      25,000          8,145              276
   Losses on repossessed assets, net            (955)             -                -
                                       -----------------------------------------------
   Income (loss) before taxes                (12,784)        12,467           22,559
   Federal and state income tax (benefit)     (4,973)         4,850            8,776
                                       -----------------------------------------------
   Net income (loss)                      $   (7,811)   $     7,617     $     13,783
                                       ===============================================

   Average assets                         $1,217,498   $  1,138,363      $ 1,076,661
   Average loans                             908,949        859,490          738,503
   Average deposits                        1,137,893      1,058,816          992,844
   Average invested capital                  135,101        126,337          109,407
   Return on assets                            (0.64)%         0.67%            1.28%
   Return on invested capital                  (5.78)          6.03            12.60
   Efficiency ratio                            75.24          61.55            56.77
   Net charge-offs to average loans             2.75           0.95             0.04
</TABLE>

<PAGE> 39

<TABLE>
Table 17 Arizona
            (Dollars in Thousands)
                                                   Years ended December 31,
                                       -----------------------------------------------
                                             2009           2008            2007
                                       -----------------------------------------------
<S>                                       <C>           <C>             <C>
   Net interest revenue                   $  11,174     $    18,608     $     19,292

   Other operating revenue                     3,384          1,300            2,294
   Operating expense                          18,851         14,740           13,301
   Net loans charged off                      39,733         18,109            1,588
   Losses on repossessed assets, net          (2,044)          (287)               -
                                       -----------------------------------------------
   Income (loss) before taxes                (46,070)       (13,228)           6,697
   Federal and state income tax (benefit)    (17,921)        (5,146)           2,605
                                       -----------------------------------------------
   Net income (loss)                      $  (28,149)   $    (8,082)    $      4,092
                                       ===============================================

   Average assets                        $   631,680    $   612,785     $    539,251
   Average loans                             564,730        589,363          519,209
   Average deposits                          182,209        126,313          122,617
   Average invested capital                   82,997         78,425           46,685
   Return on assets                           (4.46)%         (1.32)%           0.76%
   Return on invested capital                (33.92)         (10.31)            8.77
   Efficiency ratio                          129.49           74.04            61.62
   Net charge-offs to average loans            7.04            3.07             0.31
</TABLE>


<TABLE>
Table 18 Kansas/Missouri
            (Dollars in Thousands)
                                                   Years ended December 31,
                                       -----------------------------------------------
                                             2009           2008            2007
                                       -----------------------------------------------
<S>                                       <C>           <C>             <C>
   Net interest revenue                   $    7,927    $     7,692     $      4,151

   Other operating revenue                    19,876         13,456            6,533
   Operating expense                          16,358         13,165           11,144
   Net loans charged off                         917          7,103              163
                                       -----------------------------------------------
   Income (loss) before taxes                 10,528            880             (623)
   Federal and state income tax (benefit)      4,095            343             (242)
                                       -----------------------------------------------
   Net income (loss)                      $    6,433     $      537     $       (381)
                                       ===============================================

   Average assets                         $  310,648    $   341,383     $    179,992
   Average loans                             299,861        338,047          178,161
   Average deposits                          158,665         37,964           16,936
   Average invested capital                   23,145         23,970           13,790
   Return on assets                             2.07%          0.16%           (0.21)%
   Return on invested capital                  27.79           2.24            (2.76)
   Efficiency ratio                            58.84          62.25           104.31
   Net charge-offs to average loans             0.31           2.10             0.09
</TABLE>

<PAGE> 40

Assessment of Financial Condition

Securities

Investment securities, which consist primarily of Oklahoma municipal bonds, are
carried at cost and adjusted for amortization of premiums or accretion of
discounts. At December 31, 2009, investment securities were carried at $240
million and had a fair value of $247 million.

Available for sale securities, which may be sold prior to maturity, are carried
at fair value. Unrealized gains or losses, less deferred taxes, are recorded as
accumulated other comprehensive income in shareholders' equity. The amortized
cost of available for sale securities totaled $8.9 billion at December 31, 2009,
up $2.1 billion compared with December 31, 2008. In this period of declining
loan demand and readily-available liquidity, we increased our available for sale
portfolio to supplement earnings by recognizing attractive spreads over funding
costs on these securities. Credit risk is controlled by investing in securities
fully backed by U.S. government agencies and interest rate risk is mitigated by
investing in short-duration securities that would have limited extension
exposure from rising interest rates. At December 31, 2009, residential
mortgage-backed securities represented 97% of total available for sale
securities. We hold no debt securities of corporate issuers or mortgage-backed
securities holding pools of commercial real estate loans. A summary of our
securities follows in Table 19. Additional details regarding securities
concentrations appears in Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

<TABLE>
Table 19   Securities
            (Dollars in Thousands)
                                                                      December 31,
                                      -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                2009                      2008                      2007
                                      ------------------------- ------------------------- -------------------------
                                       Amortized      Fair       Amortized      Fair       Amortized      Fair
                                         Cost         Value        Cost         Value        Cost         Value
                                      ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------
Investment:
<S>                                    <C>            <C>        <C>           <C>         <C>          <C>
  Municipal and other tax-exempt       $  232,568     $238,847   $  235,791    $ 239,178   $  242,274   $  243,061
  Other debt securities                     7,837        7,857        6,553        6,591        5,675        5,727
------------------------------------- ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------
     Total                             $  240,405     $246,704   $  242,344     $245,769   $  247,949   $  248,788
------------------------------------- ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------

Available for sale:
    U.S. Treasury                      $    6,998     $  7,020   $    6,987      $ 7,126   $    6,961     $  7,088
    Municipal and other tax-exempt         61,268       62,201       19,537       20,163       26,478       26,578
    Mortgage-backed securities:
      U.S. agencies                     7,645,817    7,809,328    4,900,895    4,972,928    3,838,219    3,817,939
      Private issue                       961,378      792,362    1,636,934    1,241,238    1,664,537    1,641,189
------------------------------------- ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------
Total mortgage-backed securities        8,607,195    8,601,690    6,537,829    6,214,166    5,502,756    5,459,128
------------------------------------- ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------
    Other debt securities                  17,174       17,147           37           36           42           41
    Federal Reserve Banks                  32,526       32,526       32,380       32,380       31,299       31,299
    Federal Home Loan Banks                78,999       78,999       61,760       61,760       57,265       57,265
    Perpetual preferred stocks             19,224       22,275       32,472       21,701       32,778       32,778
    Other equity securities and
       mutual funds                        35,414       50,165       31,421       34,119       30,347       36,363
------------------------------------- ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------
      Total                            $8,858,798   $8,872,023   $6,722,423   $6,391,451   $5,687,926   $5,650,540
------------------------------------- ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------
  Mortgage trading:
  Mortgage-backed U.S. agency securities $288,076     $285,950   $  386,571     $399,211   $  153,920     $154,701
------------------------------------- ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------
</TABLE>

A primary risk of holding mortgage-backed securities comes from extension during
periods of rising interest rates or prepayment during periods of falling
interest rates. We evaluate this risk through extensive modeling of risk both
before making an investment and throughout the life of the security. The
expected duration of the mortgage-backed securities portfolio was approximately
2.3 years at December 31, 2009. Management estimates that the expected duration
would extend to approximately 3.4 years assuming a 300 basis point immediate
rate shock. The effect of falling interest rates from current low levels is not
expected to be significant.

Mortgage-backed securities also have credit risk from delinquency or default of
the underlying loans. The Company mitigates this risk by primarily investing in
securities issued by U.S. government agencies. Principal and interest payments
on the underlying loans are either fully or partially guaranteed. At December
31, 2009, approximately $7.6 billion of the amortized cost of the Company's
residential mortgage-backed securities were issued by U.S. government agencies.
The fair value of these mortgage-backed securities totaled $7.8 billion at
December 31, 2009.

We also hold amortized cost of $961 million in residential mortgage-backed
securities privately issued by publicly-owned financial institutions. The fair
value of our portfolio of privately issued residential mortgage-backed
securities totaled $792 million at December 31, 2009. Approximately $589 million
of these privately issued mortgage-backed securities were rated below investment
grade at December 31, 2009. The unrealized loss on the below investment grade
securities totaled

<PAGE> 41

$129  million.   The  amortized  cost  of  our  privately   issued   residential
mortgage-backed  securities  decreased $676 million during 2009 due primarily to
cash received. The unrealized loss on these securities decreased $227 million in
2009.

Our portfolio of privately issued residential mortgage-backed securities
consists primarily of amortized cost of $699 million of Jumbo-A mortgage loans
and $262 million of Alt-A mortgage loans. Jumbo-A mortgage loans generally meet
government agency underwriting standards, but have loan balances that exceed
agency maximums. Alt-A mortgage loans generally do not have sufficient
documentation to meet government agency underwriting standards. Credit risk on
residential mortgage-backed securities originated by these issuers is mitigated
by investment in senior tranches with additional collateral support. None of
these securities are backed by sub-prime mortgage loans, collateralized debt
obligations or collateralized loan obligations. Approximately 89% of the Alt-A
residential mortgage-backed securities are credit enhanced with additional
collateral support and 100% of our Alt-A residential mortgage-backed securities
originated in 2007 and 2006 have additional collateral support. Approximately
84% of our Alt-A residential mortgage-backed securities represented pools of
fixed-rate mortgage loans. None of the adjustable rate mortgages are payment
option ARMs. Approximately 28% of our Jumbo-A residential mortgage-backed
securities represents pools of fixed rate mortgage loans and none of the
adjustable rate mortgages are payment option ARMs.

Our portfolio of available for sale securities also included preferred stocks
issued by six financial institutions. These preferred stocks have certain
debt-like features such as a quarterly dividend based on LIBOR. However, the
issuers of these stocks have no obligation to redeem them. At December 31, 2009,
these stocks have an aggregate carrying value of $19 million and an aggregate
fair value of $22 million.

The aggregate gross amount of unrealized losses on available for sale securities
totaled $191 million at December 31, 2009. On a quarterly basis, we perform
separate evaluations on debt and equity securities to determine if the
unrealized losses are temporary as more fully described in Note 2 of the
consolidated financial statements. Other-than-temporary impairment charges of
$34 million were recognized in earnings in 2009 including credit losses of $25
million on certain privately issued residential mortgage-backed securities we do
not intend to sell, $8.0 million on perpetual preferred stocks with carrying
values we do not expect to fully recover, and $1.3 million on certain
residential mortgage-backed securities we intend to sell.

Certain government agency issued residential mortgage-backed securities,
identified as mortgage trading securities, have been designated as economic
hedges of mortgage servicing rights. These securities are carried at fair value
with changes in fair value recognized in current period income. These securities
are held with the intent that gains or losses will offset changes in the fair
value of mortgage servicing rights.

We also maintain a separate trading portfolio acquired with the intent to sell
at a profit to the Company that are also carried at fair value with changes in
fair value recognized in current period income.

Bank-Owned Life Insurance

We have approximately $247 million invested in bank-owned life insurance at
December 31, 2009. These investments are expected to provide a long-term source
of earnings to support existing employee benefit programs. Approximately $229
million is held in separate accounts. Our separate account holdings are invested
in diversified portfolios of investment-grade fixed income securities and cash
equivalents, including U.S. Treasury and Agency securities, residential
mortgage-backed securities, corporate debt, asset-backed and commercial
mortgage-backed securities. The portfolios are managed by unaffiliated
professional managers within parameters established in the portfolio's
investment guidelines. The cash surrender value of the life insurance policies
is further supported by a stable value wrap, which protects against changes in
the fair value of the investments. At December 31, 2009, cash surrender value
represented by the underlying fair value of investments held in separate
accounts was approximately $223 million. As the underlying fair value of the
investments held in a separate account at December 31, 2009 exceeded the net
book value of the investments, no cash surrender value was supported by the
stable value wrap. The stable value wrap is provided by a highly-rated, domestic
financial institution. The remaining cash surrender value of $18 million
primarily represented the cash surrender value of policies held in the general
accounts and amounts due from various insurance companies.

Loans

The aggregate loan portfolio before allowance for loan losses totaled $11.3
billion at December 31, 2009, a $1.6 billion or 12% decrease since December 31,
2008.

<PAGE> 42

<TABLE>
Table 20    Loans
            (In Thousands)
                                                                          December 31,
                                                -----------------------------------------------------------------
                                                     2009         2008         2007         2006          2005
                                                ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------- ------------
Commercial:
<S>                                              <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>           <C>
   Energy                                       $1,911,994   $2,311,813   $1,954,967   $1,763,180    $1,399,417
   Services                                      1,807,824    2,038,451    1,733,569    1,555,141     1,425,821
   Wholesale/retail                                921,830    1,165,099    1,084,379      932,531       793,032
   Manufacturing                                   404,061      497,957      493,185      609,571       514,792
   Healthcare                                      792,538      777,154      685,131      602,273       520,309
   Agriculture                                     160,549      197,629      240,469      321,380       291,858
   Other commercial and industrial                 209,044      423,500      569,884      424,808       354,706
                                                ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------- ------------
     Total commercial                            6,207,840    7,411,603    6,761,584    6,208,884     5,299,935
Commercial real estate:
   Construction and land development               645,295      926,226    1,007,414      889,925       638,366
   Retail                                          423,260      371,228      423,118      374,294       305,217
   Office                                          463,316      459,357      421,163      420,914       499,174
   Multifamily                                     360,436      316,596      214,388      239,000       204,620
   Industrial                                      146,707      149,367      154,255      146,406        90,601
   Other real estate loans                         452,420      478,474      502,746      376,001       251,924
                                                ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------- ------------
     Total commercial real estate                2,491,434    2,701,248    2,723,084    2,446,540     1,989,902
Residential mortgage:
   Permanent mortgage                            1,303,340    1,273,275    1,092,382      867,748       807,509
   Home equity                                     490,282      479,299      442,223      388,511       361,822
                                                ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------- ------------
     Total residential mortgage                  1,793,622    1,752,574    1,534,605    1,256,259     1,169,331
Consumer:
   Indirect automobile                             454,508      692,615      625,203      465,622       358,144
   Other consumer                                  332,294      317,966      296,094      273,873       271,000
                                                ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------- ------------
     Total consumer                                786,802    1,010,581      921,297      739,495       629,144
----------------------------------------------- ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------- ------------
     Total                                      $11,279,698  $12,876,006  $11,940,570  $10,651,178    $9,088,312
----------------------------------------------- ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------- ------------
</TABLE>


The decline in outstanding loan balances was broadly distributed among the
various segments of the portfolio and across geographic markets. Generally, the
decline in outstanding loan balances was due to reduced customer demand in
response to current economic conditions, normal repayment trends and management
decisions to mitigate credit risk by exiting certain loan types. A breakdown by
geographical market follows on Table 21.

<PAGE> 43

<TABLE>
Table 21  Loans by Principal Market Area
            (In Thousands)
                                                                       December 31,
                                             -----------------------------------------------------------------
                                                  2009         2008         2007         2006          2005
                                             ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------- ------------
Oklahoma:
<S>                                          <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>           <C>
   Commercial                                $2,649,252   $3,356,520   $3,224,013   $3,186,085    $3,059,441
   Commercial real estate                       820,578      843,576      885,866      979,251       859,829
   Residential mortgage                       1,228,822    1,196,924    1,080,483      896,567       842,456
   Consumer                                     451,829      579,809      576,070      512,032       466,180
                                             ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------- ------------
     Total Oklahoma                          $5,150,481    5,976,829    5,766,432    5,573,935     5,227,906
                                             ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------- ------------
Texas:
   Commercial                                $2,017,081   $2,353,860   $1,997,659   $1,722,627    $1,356,611
   Commercial real estate                       735,338      825,769      830,980      670,635       569,921
   Residential mortgage                         313,113      315,438      278,842      213,801       199,726
   Consumer                                     170,062      212,820      142,958       95,652        89,017
                                             ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------- ------------
     Total Texas                             $3,235,594   $3,707,887   $3,250,439   $2,702,715    $2,215,275
                                             ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------- ------------
New Mexico:
   Commercial                                  $341,802     $418,732     $473,262     $411,272      $383,325
   Commercial real estate                       305,061      286,574      252,884      257,079       232,564
   Residential mortgage                          86,415       98,018       84,336       75,159        65,784
   Consumer                                      17,473       18,616       16,105       13,256        15,137
                                             ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------- ------------
     Total New Mexico                          $750,751     $821,940     $826,587     $756,766      $696,810
                                             ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------- ------------
Arkansas:
   Commercial                                  $103,443     $103,446     $106,328      $95,483       $79,719
   Commercial real estate                       132,436      134,015      124,317       94,395        75,483
   Residential mortgage                          16,849       16,875       16,393       23,076        13,044
   Consumer                                     124,265      175,647      163,626       86,017        25,659
                                             ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------- ------------
     Total Arkansas                            $376,993     $429,983     $410,664     $298,971      $193,905
                                             ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------- ------------
Colorado:
   Commercial                                  $545,724     $660,546     $490,373     $451,046      $270,108
   Commercial real estate                       239,970      261,820      252,537      193,747       133,537
   Residential mortgage                          66,504       53,875       26,556       15,812        21,918
   Consumer                                      17,362       16,141       16,457       26,591        27,871
                                             ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------- ------------
     Total Colorado                            $869,560     $992,382     $785,923     $687,196      $453,434
                                             ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------- ------------
Arizona:
   Commercial                                  $199,143     $211,356     $157,341      $96,453       $50,489
   Commercial real estate                       227,249      319,525      342,673      207,035       115,697
   Residential mortgage                          65,047       62,123       46,269       31,280        26,102
   Consumer                                       3,461        6,075        5,522        5,947         5,280
                                             ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------- ------------
     Total Arizona                             $494,900     $599,079     $551,805     $340,715      $197,568
                                             ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------- ------------
Kansas/Missouri:
   Commercial                                  $351,395     $307,143     $312,608     $245,918      $100,242
   Commercial real estate                        30,802       29,969       33,827       44,398         2,871
   Residential mortgage                          16,872        9,321        1,726          564           301
   Consumer                                       2,350        1,473          559            -             -
                                             ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------- ------------
     Total Kansas/Missouri                     $401,419     $347,906     $348,720     $290,880       $103,414
                                             ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------- ------------
     Total BOK Financial loans              $11,279,698  $12,876,006  $11,940,570  $10,651,178    $9,088,312
                                             ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------- ------------
</TABLE>

Commercial

Commercial loans represent loans for working capital, facilities acquisition or
expansion, purchases of equipment and other needs of commercial customers
primarily located within our geographical footprint. Commercial loans are
underwritten individually and represent on-going relationships based on a
thorough knowledge of the customer, the customer's industry and market. While
commercial loans are generally secured by the customer's assets including real
property, inventory, accounts receivable, operating equipment, interests in
mineral rights and other property and may also include personal guarantees of
the owners and related parties, the primary source of repayment of the loans is
the on-going cash flow from operations of the customer's business. Inherent
lending risks are centrally monitored on a continuous basis from underwriting
throughout the life of the loan for compliance with commercial lending policies.

The commercial loan portfolio decreased $1.2 billion during 2009 to $6.2 billion
at December 31, 2009. The change in outstanding commercial loans was primarily
related to a $400 million decrease in energy sector loans, a $243 million
decrease in wholesale/retail sector loans, $231 million decrease in service
sectors loans and a $214 million decrease in other commercial and industrial
loans. Commercial loan origination activity has slowed to less than amounts
necessary to offset normal repayment trends in the portfolio. In general, loan
demand has softened due to lower working capital needs

<PAGE> 44

and less capital project spending by our customers. The commercial sector of our
loan portfolio is distributed as follows in Table 22.

<TABLE>
Table 22  Commercial Loans by Principal Market Area
            (In Thousands)
                       Oklahoma      Texas     New Mexico   Arkansas   Colorado    Arizona      Kansas/      Total
                                                                                               Missouri
                      ----------- ------------ ------------ ---------- ---------- ----------- ------------ -----------
<S>                    <C>          <C>            <C>      <C>        <C>            <C>     <C>           <C>
  Energy               $ 894,001    $ 725,468      $ 1,554  $   3,052  $ 274,854      $  905      $12,160  $1,911,994
  Services               516,548      627,778      203,552     26,542    175,967     128,275      129,162   1,807,824
  Wholesale/retail       471,303      256,967       45,880     55,303     24,121      35,986       32,270     921,830
  Manufacturing          202,677      131,111       42,831      1,522     15,528       6,180        4,212     404,061
  Healthcare             445,993      231,148       27,467     16,096     46,943      24,085          806     792,538
  Agriculture             27,093        4,892          124        284        223           -      127,933     160,549
  Other commercial
     and industrial       91,637       39,717       20,394        644      8,088       3,712       44,852     209,044
--------------------- ----------- ------------ ------------ ---------- ---------- ----------- ------------ -----------
Total commercial
      loans           $2,649,252  $ 2,017,081    $ 341,802   $103,443  $ 545,724   $ 199,143     $351,395  $6,207,840
--------------------- ----------- ------------ ------------ ---------- ---------- ----------- ------------ -----------
</TABLE>

Loans to energy producers and borrowers related to the energy industry are the
largest portion of our commercial loan portfolio. In addition, energy production
and related industries have a significant impact on the economy in our primary
markets. We have always been an energy lender. Loans collateralized by oil and
gas properties are subject to a semi-annual engineering review by our internal
staff of petroleum engineers. This review is utilized as the basis for
developing the expected cash flows supporting the loan amount. The projected
cash flows are discounted according to risk characteristics of the underlying
oil and gas properties. Loans are evaluated to demonstrate with reasonable
certainty that crude oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids can be recovered
from known oil and gas reservoirs under existing economic and operating
conditions at current pricing levels and with existing conventional equipment
and operating methods and costs. As part of our evaluation of credit quality, we
analyze rigorous stress tests over a range of commodity prices and take
proactive steps to mitigate risk when appropriate.

Energy loans totaled $1.9 billion or 17% of total loans. Outstanding energy
loans decreased $400 million during 2009 primarily due to lower customer loan
demand as a result of low commodity prices which has led to curtailed
exploration and production of oil and gas reserves and reduced borrowing
capacity based upon collateral values. Approximately $1.5 billion of energy
loans was to oil and gas producers, down from $2.0 billion at December 31, 2008.
Approximately 52% of the committed production loans are secured by properties
primarily producing natural gas and 48% are secured by properties primarily
producing oil. The energy category also included $74 million of loans to
borrowers that provide services to the energy industry, $224 million of loans to
borrowers engaged in wholesale or retail energy sales and $26 million of loans
to borrowers that manufacture equipment for the energy industry.

The services sector of the loan portfolio totaled $1.8 billion or 16% of total
loans and consists of a large number of loans to a variety of businesses,
including communications, gaming and transportation services. Approximately $1.0
billion of the services category is made up of loans with individual balances of
less than $10 million. Service sector loans are generally secured by the assets
of the borrower with repayment coming from the cash flows of ongoing operations
of the customer's business. Loans in this sector may also be secured by personal
guarantees of the owners or related parties. Outstanding loans to the service
sector of the loan portfolio decreased $231 million during 2009 due to reduced
loan demand as a result of general economic conditions.

We participate in shared national credits when appropriate to obtain or maintain
business relationships with local customers. Shared national credits are defined
by banking regulators as credits of more than $20 million and with three or more
non-affiliated banks as participants. At December 31, 2009, the outstanding
principal balance of these loans totaled $1.6 billion. Substantially all of
these loans are to borrowers with local market relationships. We serve as the
agent lender in approximately 20% of our shared national credits, based on
dollars committed. We hold shared national credits to the same standard of
analysis and perform the same level of review as internally originated credits.
Our lending policies generally avoid loans in which we do not have the
opportunity to maintain or achieve other business relationships with the
customer. In addition to management's quarterly assessment of credit risk,
grading of shared national credits is provided annually by banking regulators.
Risk grading provided by the regulators in the third quarter of 2009 did not
differ significantly from management's assessment.

Commercial Real Estate

Commercial real estate represents loans for the construction of buildings or
other improvements to real estate and property held by borrowers for investment
purposes within our geographical footprint. We require collateral values in
excess of the loan amounts, demonstrated cash flows in excess of expected debt
service requirements, equity investment in the project

<PAGE> 45

and a portion of the project already sold, leased or permanent financing already
secured.  The expected  cash flows from all  significant  new or renewed  income
producing property commitments are stress tested to reflect the risks in varying
interest  rates,  vacancy  rates and rental  rates.  As with  commercial  loans,
inherent  lending  risks are  centrally  monitored  on a  continuous  basis from
underwriting  throughout  the life of the loan for  compliance  with  applicable
lending policies.

Commercial real estate loans totaled $2.5 billion or 22% of the loan portfolio
at December 31, 2009. Over the past five years, the percentage of commercial
real estate loans to our total loan portfolio ranged from 20% to 23%. The
outstanding balance of commercial real estate loans decreased $210 million from
the previous year. The commercial real estate sector of our loan portfolio is
distributed as follows in Table 23.

<TABLE>
Table 23  Commercial Real Estate Loans by Principal Market Area
            (In Thousands)
                        Oklahoma     Texas    New Mexico   Arkansas    Colorado    Arizona     Kansas/      Total
                                                                                              Missouri
                       ----------- ---------- ----------- ----------- ----------- ----------- ---------- ------------
<S>                      <C>        <C>         <C>       <C>           <C>       <C>           <C>        <C>
Construction and         $182,742   $161,989    $ 73,895  $   17,127    $133,291  $   70,002    $ 6,249    $ 645,295
  land development
Retail                    148,705    117,992      59,371      19,326       9,914      54,270     13,682      423,260
Office                    114,749    151,804      77,908      16,812      62,641      38,841        561      463,316
Multifamily               120,301    141,957      20,585      56,189       4,869       9,935      6,600      360,436
Industrial                 70,200     39,044      22,004         688       1,064      13,620         87      146,707
Other real estate
  loans                   183,881    122,552      51,298      22,294      28,191      40,581      3,623      452,420
---------------------- ----------- ---------- ----------- ----------- ----------- ----------- ---------- ------------
Total commercial
  real estate loans      $820,578   $735,338   $ 305,061    $132,436    $239,970  $  227,249    $30,802   $2,491,434
---------------------- ----------- ---------- ----------- ----------- ----------- ----------- ---------- ------------
</TABLE>

Construction and land development loans, which consist primarily of residential
construction properties and developed building lots, decreased $281 million
during the year to $645 million at December 31, 2009 due to payments, transfers
to other real estate owned and charge-offs. This sector of the loan portfolio is
expected to continue to decrease as construction projects currently in process
are completed. This decrease was partially offset by a $52 million increase in
loans secured by retail facilities and a $44 million increase in loans secured
by multifamily residential properties.

Residential Mortgage and Consumer

Residential mortgage loans provide funds for our customers to purchase or
refinance their primary residence or to borrow against the equity in their home.
Residential mortgage loans are secured by a first or second-mortgage on the
customer's primary residence. Consumer loans include direct loans secured by and
for the purchase of automobiles, recreational and marine equipment as well as
other unsecured loans. Consumer loans also include indirect automobile loans
made through primary dealers. Residential mortgage and consumer loans are made
in accordance with underwriting policies we believe to be conservative and are
fully documented. Credit scoring is assessed based on significant credit
characteristics including credit history, residential and employment stability.

Residential mortgage loans totaled $1.8 billion, up $41 million or 2% since
December 31, 2008. Permanent 1-4 family mortgage loans increased $30 million and
home equity loans increased $11 million. In general, we sell the majority of our
conforming fixed-rate loan originations in the secondary market and retain the
majority of our non-conforming and adjustable-rate mortgage loans. We have no
concentration in sub-prime residential mortgage loans. Our mortgage loan
portfolio does not include payment option adjustable rate mortgage loans or
adjustable rate mortgage loans with initial rates that are below market.

The permanent mortgage loan portfolio is primarily composed of various mortgage
programs to support customer relationships including jumbo mortgage loans,
non-builder construction loans and special loan programs for high net worth
individuals or certain professionals. The aggregate outstanding balance of loans
in these programs at December 31, 2009 is $1.3 billion. Jumbo loans may be fixed
or variable rate and are fully amortizing. Jumbo loans generally conform to
government sponsored entity standards, with exception that the loan size exceeds
maximums required under these standards. These loans generally require a minimum
FICO score of 720 and a maximum debt-to-income ratio ("DTI") of 38%.
Loan-to-value ratios ("LTV") are tiered from 60% to 100%, depending on the
market. Special mortgage programs include fixed and variable rate fully
amortizing loans tailored to the needs of certain health-care professionals.
Variable rate loans are fully indexed at origination and may have fixed rates
for three to ten years, then adjust annually thereafter. The maximum loan amount
of any of our residential mortgage loan products is $4 million.

Approximately $110 million or 8% of permanent mortgage loans at December 31,
2009 consist of first lien, fixed rate residential mortgage loans originated
under various community development programs. These loans were underwritten to
standards approved by various U.S. government agencies under these programs and
include full documentation. However,

<PAGE> 46

these loans do have a higher risk of  delinquency  and losses given default than
traditional  residential  mortgage  loans.  The initial  maximum LTV of loans in
these programs was 103%.

The composition of residential mortgage and consumer loans at December 31, 2009
is as follows in Table 24.

<TABLE>
Table 24  Residential Mortgage and Consumer Loans by Principal Market Area
            (In Thousands)
                           Oklahoma     Texas     New Mexico   Arkansas   Colorado  Arizona   Kansas/     Total
                                                                                              Missouri
------------------------- ----------- ---------- ------------- ---------- --------- --------- --------- -----------
Residential mortgage:
<S>                        <C>        <C>             <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>
   Permanent mortgage      $ 927,316  $ 227,276       $20,317   $ 12,206  $ 47,725  $ 55,612  $ 12,888  $1,303,340
   Home equity               301,506     85,837        66,098      4,643    18,779     9,435     3,984     490,282
------------------------- ----------- ---------- ------------- ---------- --------- --------- --------- -----------
Total residential mortgage$1,228,822  $ 313,113      $ 86,415   $ 16,849  $ 66,504  $ 65,047  $ 16,872  $1,793,622
------------------------- ----------- ---------- ------------- ---------- --------- --------- --------- -----------

Consumer:
   Indirect automobile      $273,728    $62,367         $   -  $ 118,413     $   -     $   -     $   -   $ 454,508
   Other consumer            178,101    107,695        17,473      5,852    17,362     3,461     2,350     332,294
------------------------- ----------- ---------- ------------- ---------- --------- --------- --------- -----------
Total consumer              $451,829  $ 170,062       $17,473  $ 124,265  $ 17,362    $3,461    $2,350   $ 786,802
------------------------- ----------- ---------- ------------- ---------- --------- --------- --------- -----------
</TABLE>

Indirect automobile loans decreased $238 million since December 31, 2008,
primarily due to the previously-disclosed decision by the Company to exit the
business in the first quarter of 2009 in favor of a customer-focused direct
lending approach.

<TABLE>
Table 25  Loan Maturity and Interest Rate Sensitivity at December 31, 2009
            (In Thousands)
                                                             Remaining Maturities of Selected Loans
                                                             --------------------------------------
                                                  Total      Within 1 Year 1-5 Years   After 5 Years
                                              -------------- ------------ ------------ ------------
Loan maturity:
<S>                                            <C>            <C>          <C>         <C>
   Commercial                                  $6,207,840     $1,913,696   $3,369,187  $  924,957
   Commercial real estate                       2,491,434      1,066,644    1,131,022     293,768
--------------------------------------------- -------------- ------------ ------------ ------------
      Total                                    $8,699,274     $2,980,340   $4,500,209  $1,218,725
--------------------------------------------- -------------- ------------ ------------ ------------

Interest rate sensitivity for selected loans with:
   Predetermined interest rates                $3,770,541     $  633,971   $2,401,217    $735,353
   Floating or adjustable interest rates        4,928,733      2,346,369    2,098,992     483,372
--------------------------------------------- -------------- ------------ ------------ ------------
      Total                                    $8,699,274     $2,980,340   $4,500,209  $1,218,725
--------------------------------------------- -------------- ------------ ------------ ------------
</TABLE>


Loan Commitments

We enter into certain off-balance sheet arrangements in the normal course of
business. These arrangements included loan commitments which totaled $5.0
billion and standby letters of credit which totaled $588 million at December 31,
2009. Loan commitments may be unconditional obligations to provide financing or
conditional obligations that depend on the borrower's financial condition,
collateral value or other factors. Standby letters of credit are unconditional
commitments to guarantee the performance of our customer to a third party. Since
some of these commitments are expected to expire before being drawn upon, the
total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements.
Approximately $3.7 million of the outstanding standby letters of credit were
issued on behalf of customers whose loans are nonperforming at December 31,
2009.

<TABLE>
Table 26    Off-Balance Sheet Credit Commitments
            (In Thousands)
                                                              As of December 31,
                                          2009           2008         2007         2006          2005
                                     -------------- ------------- ------------ ------------ -------------
<S>                                   <C>            <C>           <C>          <C>          <C>
Loan commitments                      $5,001,338     $5,015,660    $5,345,736   $5,318,257   $4,349,114
Standby letters of credit                588,091        598,618       555,758      527,627      558,907
Mortgage loans sold with recourse        330,963        391,188       392,534      329,713      248,150
------------------------------------ -------------- ------------- ------------ ------------ -------------
</TABLE>


We also have off-balance sheet commitments for residential mortgage loans sold
with full or partial recourse. These loans consist of first lien, fixed rate
residential mortgage loans originated under various community development
programs and

<PAGE> 47

sold to U.S. government agencies. These loans were underwritten to
standards approved by the agencies, including full documentation. However, these
loans have a higher risk of delinquency and losses from default than traditional
residential mortgage loans. A separate recourse reserve is maintained as part of
other liabilities. At December 31, 2009, the principal balance of loans sold
subject to recourse obligations totaled $331 million.

Substantially all of these loans are to borrowers in our primary markets
including $233 million to borrowers in Oklahoma, $36 million to borrowers in
Arkansas, $19 million to borrowers in New Mexico, $16 million to borrowers in
the Kansas/Missouri area and $15 million to borrowers in Texas. The separate
reserve for this off-balance commitment totaled $14 million at December 31,
2009. Approximately 5.22% of the loans sold with recourse with an outstanding
principal balance of $17 million were either delinquent more than 90 days, in
bankruptcy or in foreclosure and 5.55% with an outstanding principal balance of
$18 million were past due 30 to 89 days. The provision for loan losses on loans
sold with recourse, which is included in mortgage banking costs, was $12 million
for 2009 and $8.6 million for 2008. Net losses charged against the reserve
totaled $7.2 million for 2009 and $3.4 million for 2008.


Customer Derivative Programs

We offer programs that permit our customers to hedge various risks, including
fluctuations in energy, cattle and other agricultural product prices, interest
rates and foreign exchange rates, or to take positions in derivative contracts.
Each of these programs work essentially the same way. Derivative contracts are
executed between the customers and the Company. Offsetting contracts are
executed between the Company and selected counterparties to minimize the risk to
us of changes in commodity prices, interest rates or foreign exchange rates. The
counterparty contracts are identical to the customer contracts, except for a
fixed pricing spread or a fee paid to us as compensation for administrative
costs, credit risk and profit.

The customer derivative programs create credit risk for potential amounts due to
the Company from our customers and from the counterparties. Customer credit risk
is monitored through existing credit policies and procedures. The effects of
changes in commodity prices, interest rates or foreign exchange rates are
evaluated across a range of possible options to determine the maximum exposure
we are willing to have individually to any customer. Customers may also be
required to provide margin collateral to further limit our credit risk.

Counterparty credit risk is evaluated through existing policies and procedures.
This evaluation considers the total relationship between BOK Financial and each
of the counterparties. Individual limits are established by management, approved
by Credit Administration and reviewed by the Asset / Liability Committee. Margin
collateral is required if the exposure between the Company and any counterparty
exceeds established limits. Based on declines in the counterparties' credit
ratings, these limits are reduced and additional margin collateral may be
required.

A deterioration of the credit standing of one or more of the customers or
counterparties to these contracts may result in the Company recognizing a loss
as the fair value of the affected contracts may no longer move in tandem with
the offsetting contracts. This occurs if the credit standing of the customer or
counterparty deteriorated such that either the fair value of underlying
collateral no longer supported the contract or the customer or counterparty's
ability to provide margin collateral was impaired.

Derivative contracts are carried at fair value. At December 31, 2009, the net
fair values of derivative contracts reported as assets under these programs
totaled $355 million, down from $656 million at December 31, 2008 primarily due
to cash settlements and reduced transactions volumes. At December 31, 2009,
derivative contracts carried as assets included energy contracts with fair
values of $174 million, interest rate contracts with fair values of $110 million
and foreign exchange contracts with fair values of $64 million. The aggregate
net fair values of derivative contracts held under these programs reported as
liabilities totaled $363 million.

At December 31, 2009, total derivative assets were reduced by $13 million of
cash collateral received from counterparties and total derivative liabilities
were reduced by $55 million of cash collateral delivered to counterparties
related to instruments executed with the same counterparty under a master
netting agreement as permitted by generally accepted accounting principles.

The fair value of derivative contracts reported as assets under these programs,
net of cash margin held by the Company, by category of debtor at December 31,
2009 is included in Table 27.

<PAGE> 48

Table 27    Fair Value of Derivative Contracts by Category of Debtor
            (In Thousands)
Customers                                                        $  152,698
Energy companies                                                     87,562
Banks                                                                65,721
Exchanges                                                            34,018
Other                                                                 2,219
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Fair value of customer hedge asset derivative contracts, net     $  342,218
---------------------------------------------------------------------------


At December 31, 2009, the largest net reported amount due from a single
counterparty, a domestic subsidiary of a major energy company, was $84 million.
This amount was offset by $70 million in letters of credit issued by multiple
independent financial institutions.

Our customer derivative program also introduces liquidity and capital risk. We
are required to provide cash margin to certain counterparties when the net
negative fair value of the contracts exceed established limits. Also, changes in
commodity prices affect the amount of regulatory capital we are required to hold
as support for the fair value of our derivative assets. These risks are modeled
as part of the management of these programs. Based on current prices, a decrease
in market prices equivalent to $22 per barrel of oil would increase the fair
value of derivative assets by $437 million. An increase in prices equivalent to
$122 per barrel of oil would decrease the fair value of derivative assets by
$253 million as current prices move closer to the fixed prices embedded in our
existing contracts. Further increases in prices equivalent to $142 per barrel of
oil would increase the fair value of our derivative assets by $417 million.
Liquidity requirements of this program are also affected by our credit rating. A
decrease in credit rating from A1 to below investment grade would increase our
obligation to post cash margin on existing contracts by approximately $204
million.

Summary of Loan Loss Experience

We maintain separate reserves for loan losses and reserves for off-balance sheet
credit risk. The combined allowance for loan and off-balance sheet credit losses
totaled $306 million or 2.72% of outstanding loans and 90% of nonaccruing loans
at December 31, 2009. At December 31, 2008, the combined allowance for loan and
off-balance sheet credit losses totaled $248 million or 1.93% of outstanding
loans and 83% of nonaccruing loans at December 31, 2008. The reserve for loan
losses totaled $292 million or 2.59% of outstanding loans at December 31, 2009
and $233 million or 1.81% of outstanding loans at December 31, 2008. The reserve
for off-balance sheet credit commitments was $14 million at December 31, 2009
and $15 million at December 31, 2008. The decrease in the reserve for
off-balance sheet credit commitments is due largely to changes in risk factors
and the funding of existing commitments.

<PAGE> 49

<TABLE>
Table 28    Summary of Loan Loss Experience
            (Dollars in Thousands)
                                                                    Years ended December 31,
                                               -------------------------------------------------------------------
 Reserve for loan losses:                           2009         2008          2007         2006         2005
                                               -------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                               <C>          <C>           <C>          <C>          <C>
   Beginning balance                              $233,236     $126,677      $109,497     $103,876     $108,618
     Loans charged off:
       Commercial                                  49,725       74,976        14,380       10,517        9,670
       Commercial real estate                      57,313       19,141         1,795           87        2,619
       Residential mortgage                        16,672        7,223         1,709        1,265        1,212
       Consumer                                    24,789       20,871        13,733       12,127       12,257
 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
         Total                                    148,499      122,211        31,617       23,996       25,758
 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
     Recoveries of loans previously charged off:
       Commercial                                   2,546       13,379         4,534        5,405        4,071
       Commercial real estate                         461          332           110          327          117
       Residential mortgage                           929          366           309          161          180
       Consumer                                     6,744        6,413         5,558        5,638        5,176
 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
         Total                                     10,680       20,490        10,511       11,531        9,544
 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Net loans charged off                          137,819      101,721        21,106       12,465       16,214
   Provision for loan losses                      196,678      208,280        34,758       18,086       10,401
   Additions due to acquisitions                        -            -         3,528            -        1,071
 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Ending balance                                $292,095     $233,236      $126,677     $109,497     $103,876
  -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Reserve for off-balance sheet credit losses:
   Beginning balance                              $15,166      $20,853       $20,890      $20,574      $18,502
   Provision for off-balance sheet credit losses     (778)      (5,687)          (37)         316        2,040
   Additions due to acquisitions                        -            -             -            -           32
 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Ending balance                                 $14,388      $15,166       $20,853      $20,890      $20,574
 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Total provision for credit losses             $195,900     $202,593       $34,721      $18,402      $12,441
 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Reserve for loan losses to loans
   outstanding at year-end                            2.59%        1.81%         1.06%        1.03%        1.14%
   Net charge-offs to average loans                   1.14         0.81          0.19         0.13         0.19
   Total provision for credit losses to average loans 1.61         1.62          0.31         0.19         0.15
   Recoveries to gross charge-offs                    7.19        16.77         33.24        48.05        37.05
   Reserve for loan losses as a multiple of
      net charge-offs                                 2.12x        2.29x         6.00x        8.78x        6.41x
   Reserve for off-balance sheet credit losses
      to off-balance sheet credit commitments         0.26%        0.27%         0.35%        0.36%        0.42%
   Combined reserves for credit losses to
      loans  outstanding at year-end                  2.72%        1.93%         1.24%        1.22%        1.37%
 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Problem Loans:
     Loans past due (90 days)                    $ 10,308     $ 19,123      $  5,575     $  5,945     $  8,708
     Nonaccrual(1)                                339,355      300,073        84,290       26,055       25,162
     Renegotiated(2)                               15,906       13,039        10,394        9,802        6,379
 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
        Total                                    $365,569     $332,235      $100,259     $ 41,802     $ 40,249
 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Foregone interest on nonaccrual loans(1)      $ 17,015     $  8,391      $  3,011     $  2,130     $  2,515
 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>
(1)  Interest  collected and recognized on nonaccrual  loans was not significant
     in 2009 and previous years disclosed.
(2)  Includes  residential  mortgage  loans  guaranteed  by agencies of the U.S.
     government.  These loans have been modified to extend  payment terms and/or
     reduce interest rates to current market.


Allowance for Loan Losses

The adequacy of the allowance for loan losses is assessed by management based on
an ongoing quarterly evaluation of the probable estimated losses inherent in the
portfolio. The allowance consists of specific reserves attributed to impaired
loans, general reserves based on migration factors and non-specific reserves
based on general economic, risk concentration and related factors. An
independent Credit Administration department is responsible for performing this
evaluation for the entire company to ensure that the methodology is applied
consistently. For 2009, there have been no material changes in the approach or
techniques utilized in developing the allowance for loan losses.

Specific reserves for impaired loans are determined by evaluation of estimated
future cash flows, collateral value or historical statistics. Loans are
considered to be impaired when it is probable that we will not be able to
collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan
agreement. This is substantially the same criteria used to determine when a loan
should be placed on nonaccrual status. Generally, all nonaccruing commercial and
commercial real estate loans are considered impaired. Substantially all impaired
loans are collateralized. Collateral includes real property, inventory, accounts
receivable, operating equipment, interests in mineral rights, and other
property. Collateral may also include personal guaranties by borrowers and
related parties.

<PAGE> 50

Delinquency status is not a significant consideration in the evaluation of
impairment or risk-grading of commercial or commercial real estate loans. These
evaluations are based on an assessment of the borrowers' paying capacity and
attempt to identify changes in credit risk before payments become delinquent.
Changes in the delinquency trends of residential mortgage loans and consumer
loans may indicate increases or decreases in expected losses.

Impaired loans are charged-off when the loan balance or a portion of the loan
balance is no longer supported by the paying capacity of the borrower based on
an evaluation of available cash resources or collateral value. No reserves are
attributed to the remaining balance of loans that have been charged-down to
amounts management expects to recover. Impaired loans totaled $317 million at
December 31, 2009 and $270 million at December 31, 2008. At December 31, 2009,
$204 million of impaired loans had specific reserves of $36 million and $113
million of impaired loans had no specific reserves because they had been charged
down to amounts we expect to recover. Impaired loans with no specific reserves
had aggregate gross outstanding principal balances of $230 million. Cumulative
life-to-date charge-offs of impaired loans with no specific reserves at December
31, 2009 totaled $117 million, including $85 million charged off in 2009. At
December 31, 2008, $194 million of impaired loans had $29 million of specific
reserves and $76 million had no specific reserves because they had been charged
down to amounts we expect to recover.

General reserves for unimpaired loans are based on migration models. Separate
migration models are used to determine general reserves for commercial and
commercial real estate loans, residential mortgage loans, and consumer loans.
All commercial and commercial real estate loans are risk-graded based on an
evaluation of the borrowers' ability to repay the loans. Migration factors are
determined for each risk-grade to determine the inherent loss based on
historical trends. We use an eight-quarter aggregate accumulation of net losses
as a basis for the migration factors. Greater emphasis is placed on losses
incurred in more recent periods. The higher of current loss factors based on
migration trends or a minimum migration factor based upon long-term history is
assigned to each risk grade. The general reserve for residential mortgage loans
is based on an eight-quarter average percent of loss. The general reserve for
consumer loans is based on an eight-quarter average percent of loss with
separate migration factors determined by major product line, such as indirect
automobile loans and direct consumer loans. The aggregate amount of general
reserves determined by migration factors for all unimpaired loans totaled $238
million at December 31, 2009 and $182 million at December 31, 2008.

Nonspecific reserves are maintained for risks beyond factors specific to a
particular loan or identified by the migration models. These factors include
trends in the economy in our primary lending areas, conditions in certain
industries where we have a concentration and overall growth in the loan
portfolio. Evaluation of nonspecific factors considers the effect of the
duration of the business cycle on migration factors. Nonspecific factors also
consider current economic conditions and other relevant factors. Nonspecific
reserves totaled $18 million at December 31, 2009 and $23 million at December
31, 2008.

An allocation of the loan loss reserve by loan category follows in Table 29.

<TABLE>
Table 29    Loan Loss Reserve Allocation
            (Dollars in Thousands)
                                                                  December 31,
                        --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                2009                2008                2007               2006                2005
                        ------------------- ------------------- ------------------- ------------------ -------------------
                                     % of                % of                % of               % of                % of
                        Reserve(2) Loans(1) Reserve(2) Loans(1) Reserve(2) Loans(1) Reserve(2)Loans(1) Reserve(2) Loans(1)
                        --------- --------- --------- --------- --------- --------- --------- -------- --------- ---------
Loan category:
<S>                     <C>        <C>      <C>        <C>      <C>        <C>      <C>        <C>     <C>        <C>
   Commercial           $121,320   55.04%   $100,743   57.56%   $ 49,961   56.07%   $ 44,151   58.29%  $ 43,915   58.32%
   Commercial real
     estate              104,208   22.09      75,555   20.98      40,807   22.89      30,838   22.97     25,529   21.89
   Residential mortgage   27,863   15.90      14,017   13.61       6,156   13.38       4,663   11.80      5,302   12.87
   Consumer               20,452    6.97      19,819    7.85       9,962    7.66      11,784    6.94     10,929    6.92
   Nonspecific
       allowance          18,252      -       23,102      -       19,791      -       18,061      -      18,201      -
----------------------- --------- --------- --------- --------- --------- --------- --------- -------- --------- ---------
   Total                $292,095  100.00%   $233,236  100.00%   $126,677  100.00%   $109,497  100.00%  $103,876  100.00%
----------------------- --------- --------- --------- --------- --------- --------- --------- -------- --------- ---------
</TABLE>

(1) Excludes residential mortgage loans held for sale.
(2) Specific allocation for the loan concentration risks is included in the
    appropriate category.


The provision for loan losses is the amount necessary to maintain the allowance
for loan losses at an amount determined by management to be adequate based on
its evaluation. The provision for loan losses totaled $197 million for 2009
compared to $208 million for 2008. Factors considered in determining the
provision for credit losses for 2009 included trends of net charge-offs,
nonperforming loans and risk grading.

Net Loans Charged Off

Loans are charged off against the allowance for loan losses when the loan
balance or a portion of the loan balance is no longer covered by the paying
capacity of the borrower based on an evaluation of available cash resources and
collateral

<PAGE> 51

value. Collateral values are generally evaluated annually, or more
frequently for certain collateral types or collateral located in certain
distressed markets. Loans are evaluated quarterly and charge-offs are taken in
the quarter in which the loss is identified.

Net loans charged off during 2009 totaled $138 million compared to $102 million
in the previous year. The ratio of net loans charged off to average outstanding
loans was 1.14% for 2009 compared with 0.81% for 2008. Net loans charged off in
2008 included a $26 million charge-off from the SemGroup credit and recoveries
of $7.1 million from a loan charged off in 2005 and $4.0 million from a loan
charged off in 2001. Net charge-offs for 2009 were up $51 million over 2008
excluding these significant items.

Net loans charged off by category and principal market area during 2009 follow
in Table 30.


<TABLE>
Table 30    Net Loans Charged Off by Category and Principal Market Area
            (Dollars in Thousands)
                             Oklahoma    Texas   Colorado   Arkansas      New     Arizona    Kansas/      Total
                                                                        Mexico              Missouri
                            ----------- -------- ---------- ---------- ---------- --------- --------- -----------
2009:
<S>                           <C>       <C>       <C>           <C>      <C>        <C>        <C>       <C>
   Commercial                 $ 18,861  $ 8,851   $ 12,214      $  79    $ 2,882    $3,416     $ 876     $47,179
   Commercial real estate        2,435    5,155     11,884        369      2,805    34,191        13      56,852
   Residential mortgage          7,857    4,005        610        190      1,112     1,969         -      15,743
   Consumer                      8,231    5,363        287      2,998        981       182         3      18,045
--------------------------- ----------- -------- ---------- ---------- ---------- --------- --------- -----------
Net loans charged off         $ 37,384  $23,374   $ 24,995     $3,636     $7,780  $ 39,758    $  892    $137,819
--------------------------- ----------- -------- ---------- ---------- ---------- --------- --------- -----------

2008:
   Commercial                  $33,748  $10,462    $ 7,468      $ 150      $ 941   $ 1,725   $ 7,103     $61,597
   Commercial real estate        3,693    1,014        404         17      1,826    11,855         -      18,809
   Residential mortgage          2,843    1,701        (3)         35         87     2,194         -       6,857
   Consumer                      7,536    2,992        109      2,993        799        26         3      14,458
--------------------------- ----------- -------- ---------- ---------- ---------- --------- --------- -----------
Net loans charged off         $ 47,820  $16,169     $7,978     $3,195     $3,653  $ 15,800    $7,106    $101,721
--------------------------- ----------- -------- ---------- ---------- ---------- --------- --------- -----------
</TABLE>

Excluding the impact of these significant items from 2008, net commercial loans
charged off during 2009 were largely unchanged. Net commercial loans charged off
in 2009 included $18 million from the service sector of the loan portfolio, $13
million from the energy sector of the loan portfolio and $7.6 million from the
wholesale / retail sector of the loan portfolio.

Net commercial real estate loans charged off during 2009 increased $38 million
over the prior year. Net charge-offs increased $22 million in the Arizona market
and $11 million in the Colorado market. Net commercial real estate loan
charge-offs in 2009 included $45 million from the land and residential
construction sector of the loan portfolio, primarily composed of $26 million in
the Arizona market and $11 million in the Colorado market.

Residential mortgage net charge-offs increased $8.9 million over the prior year
including $7.9 million in the Oklahoma market, $4.0 million in the Texas market
and $2.0 million in the Arizona market. Consumer loan net charge-offs, which
include indirect auto loan and deposit account overdraft losses, increased $3.6
million over the previous year. Net charge-offs of indirect auto loans totaled
$9.7 million for 2009 and $8.6 million for 2008.

The Company considers the credit risk from loan commitments and letters of
credit in its evaluation of the adequacy of the reserve for loan losses. A
separate reserve for off-balance sheet credit risk is maintained. Table 28
presents the trend of reserves for off-balance sheet credit losses and the
relationship between the reserve and loan commitments. The provision for credit
losses included the combined charge to expense for both the reserve for loan
losses and the reserve for off-balance sheet credit losses. All losses incurred
from lending activities will ultimately be reflected in charge-offs against the
reserve for loan losses following funds advanced against outstanding commitments
and after the exhaustion of collection efforts.

<PAGE> 52

Nonperforming Assets

<TABLE>
Table 31    Nonperforming Assets
            (Dollars in Thousands)
                                                                               December 31,
                                                     -----------------------------------------------------------------
                                                         2009         2008         2007          2006         2005
                                                     ----------- ------------- ------------ ------------- ------------
Nonperforming loans
   Nonaccrual loans:
<S>                                                   <C>         <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>
     Commercial                                       $101,384    $134,846      $ 42,981      $10,737       $11,673
     Commercial real estate                            204,924     137,279        25,319        4,771         5,370
     Residential mortgage                               29,989      27,387        15,272       10,325         7,347
     Consumer                                            3,058         561           718          222           772
---------------------------------------------------- ----------- ------------- ------------ ------------- ------------
       Total nonaccrual loans                          339,355     300,073        84,290       26,055        25,162
   Renegotiated loans(2)                                15,906      13,039        10,394        9,802         6,379
---------------------------------------------------- ----------- ------------- ------------ ------------- ------------
     Total nonperforming loans                         355,261     313,112        94,684       35,857        31,541
   Other nonperforming assets                          129,034      29,179         9,475        8,486         8,476
---------------------------------------------------- ----------- ------------- ------------ ------------- ------------
     Total nonperforming assets                       $484,295    $342,291      $104,159      $44,343       $40,017
---------------------------------------------------- ----------- ------------- ------------ ------------- ------------
Nonaccrual loans by principal market:
     Oklahoma                                         $83,176    $108,367       $47,977      $17,683       $16,857
     Texas                                             66,892      42,934         4,983        6,096         5,475
     New Mexico                                        26,693      16,016        11,118          871           928
     Arkansas                                          13,820       3,263         1,635          267             -
     Colorado(3)                                       60,082      32,415         9,222        1,138         1,902
     Arizona                                           84,559      80,994         9,355            -             -
     Kansas/Missouri                                    4,133      16,084             -            -             -
---------------------------------------------------- ----------- ------------- ------------ ------------- ------------
      Total nonaccrual loans                         $339,355    $300,073       $84,290      $26,055       $25,162
---------------------------------------------------- ----------- ------------- ------------ ------------- ------------
Nonaccrual loans by loan portfolio sector:
     Commercial:
        Energy                                        $22,692     $49,364        $  529      $   535      $       75
         Manufacturing                                 15,765       7,343         9,915          101           1,113
        Wholesale / retail                             12,057      18,773         3,792        2,457           3,036
        Agriculture                                        65         680           380           93             268
        Services                                       30,926      36,873        25,468        5,759           5,213
        Healthcare                                     13,103      12,118         2,301        1,600           1,942
        Other                                           6,776       9,695           596          192              26
---------------------------------------------------- ----------- ------------- ------------ ------------- ------------
         Total commercial                             101,384     134,846        42,981       10,737          11,673
     Commercial real estate:
        Land development and construction             109,779      76,082        13,466        2,031           2,081
        Retail                                         26,236      15,625         5,259            -               -
        Office                                         25,861       7,637         1,013          732               -
        Multifamily                                    26,540      24,950         3,998          320             668
        Industrial                                        279       6,287             -            -               -
        Other commercial real estate                   16,229       6,698         1,583        1,688           2,621
---------------------------------------------------- ----------- ------------- ------------ ------------- ------------
         Total commercial real estate                 204,924     137,279        25,319        4,771           5,370
     Residential mortgage:
        Permanent mortgage                             28,314      26,233        14,541        9,923           6,844
        Home equity                                     1,675       1,154           731          402             503
---------------------------------------------------- ----------- ------------- ------------ ------------- ------------
         Total residential mortgage                    29,989      27,387        15,272       10,325           7,347
     Consumer                                           3,058         561           718          222             772
---------------------------------------------------- ----------- ------------- ------------ ------------- ------------
      Total nonaccrual loans                         $339,355    $300,073       $84,290      $26,055         $25,162
---------------------------------------------------- ----------- ------------- ------------ ------------- ------------
Ratios:
   Reserve for loan losses to nonperforming loans        82.22%      74.49%       133.79%      305.37%       329.34%
   Nonperforming loans to period-end loans                3.15        2.43          0.79         0.34          0.35
---------------------------------------------------- ----------- ------------- ------------ ------------- ------------
Loans past due (90 days)(1)                            $10,308     $19,123       $5,575       $ 5,945       $ 8,708
---------------------------------------------------- ----------- ------------- ------------ ------------- ------------

(1) Includes residential mortgages guaranteed by
    agencies of the U.S. Government.                   $ 1,400     $   872       $ 1,017      $ 2,233       $ 2,021
(2) Includes residential mortgage loans                $12,799     $10,396       $ 7,550      $ 5,747       $ 3,577
    guaranteed by agencies of the U.S. government.
    These loans have been modified to extend payment
    terms and/or reduce interest rates.
(3) Includes loans subject to First United Bank       $  4,311     $13,181       $ 8,412      $     -       $     -
    sellers escrow.
</TABLE>

<PAGE> 53

Nonperforming assets totaled $484 million or 4.24% of outstanding loans and
repossessed assets at December 31, 2009, up $142 million since December 31,
2008. In addition to $339 million of nonaccruing loans, nonperforming assets
included $16 million of restructured residential mortgage loans and $129 million
of real estate and other repossessed assets. Approximately $13 million of the
restructured residential mortgage loans are guaranteed by agencies of the U.S.
government. Nonperforming assets included $4.3 million of loans and repossessed
assets acquired with First United Bank in the second quarter of 2007. The
Company will be reimbursed by the sellers up to $4.1 million for any losses
incurred during a three-year period after the acquisition date. The Company
generally retains nonperforming assets to maximize potential recovery which may
cause future nonperforming assets to increase. A rollforward of nonperforming
assets for the year ended December 31, 2009 follows in Table 32.

<TABLE>
Table 32    Rollforward of Nonperforming Assets
            (Dollars in Thousands)
                                                          Real Estate
                                                           and Other         Total
                          Nonaccruing    Renegotiated     Repossessed    Nonperforming
                             Loans           Loans          Assets          Assets
                          ------------- ---------------- -------------- ----------------
<S>                           <C>              <C>            <C>             <C>
Beginning balance             $300,073         $ 13,039       $ 29,179        $ 342,291
Additions                      350,578                -              -          350,578
Payments                      (72,625)                -              -         (72,625)
Charge-offs / Write-offs     (101,146)                -        (9,935)        (111,081)
Foreclosures                 (119,596)                -        119,596                -
Sales                                -                -       (17,854)         (17,854)
Return to accrual              (8,832)                -              -          (8,832)
Other, net                     (9,097)            2,867          8,048            1,818
------------------------- ------------- ---------------- -------------- ----------------
Ending balance                $339,355         $ 15,906       $129,034         $484,295
------------------------- ------------- ---------------- -------------- ----------------
</TABLE>

This distribution of nonaccruing loans among our various markets follows in
Table 33.

<TABLE>
Table 33    Nonaccruing Loans by Principal Market
            (Dollars in Thousands)
                         December 31, 2009            December 31, 2008                  Change
                     ---------------------------  ---------------------------  ---------------------------
                         Amount        % of           Amount        % of          Amount        % of
                                    outstanding                   outstanding                 outstanding
                                       loans                        loans                        loans
                     -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                         <C>          <C>           <C>            <C>           <C>          <C>
Oklahoma                    $83,176      1.61%         $ 108,367      1.81%         $(25,191)    (20) b.p.
Texas                        66,892      2.07             42,934      1.16            23,958      91
New Mexico                   26,693      3.56             16,016      1.95            10,677     161
Arkansas                     13,820      3.67              3,263      0.76            10,557     291
Colorado                     60,082      6.91             32,415      3.27            27,667     364
Arizona                      84,559     17.09             80,994     13.52             3,565     357
Kansas / Missouri             4,133      1.03             16,084      4.62           (11,951)   (359)
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total                       339,355      3.01%         $ 300,073      2.33%          $39,282      68 b.p.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

The decrease in nonaccruing loans attributed to the Oklahoma market during 2009
included $13 million of proceeds from the partial sale of SemGroup bankruptcy
claims and $21 million in cash and an equity interest received to partially
satisfy bankruptcy claims against SemGroup. Cash received totaled $7 million and
the equity interest was valued at $14 million. We continue to hold a $12 million
nonaccruing loan to the entity created when SemGroup exited bankruptcy. With the
exception of Oklahoma and Kansas/Missouri, nonaccruing loans grew in all
geographies during 2009. The 68 basis point increase in the ratio of nonaccruing
loans to period end loans was also impacted by a $1.6 billion decrease in period
end loans at December 31, 2009 compared to December 31, 2008.

Commercial

Nonaccruing commercial loans totaled $101 million or 1.63% of total commercial
loans at December 31, 2009 and $135 million or 1.82% of total commercial loans
at December 31, 2008. Newly identified nonaccruing commercial loans in 2009
totaled approximately $88 million primarily in the energy and service sector of
the portfolio. This was primarily offset by a $34 million decrease in energy
loans related to SemGroup item previously discussed and approximately $39
million of charge-offs and $32 million of payments in addition to approximately
$8 million transferred to real estate owned and other repossessed assets. The
distribution of nonaccruing commercial loans among our various markets was as
follows in Table 34.

<PAGE> 54

<TABLE>
Table 34    Nonaccruing Commercial Loans by Principal Market
            (Dollars in Thousands)
                        December 31, 2009           December 31, 2008                  Change
                    --------------------------    -----------------------    --------------------------
                      Amount        % of           Amount        % of           Amount        % of
                                outstanding                  outstanding                  outstanding
                                   loans                        loans                        loans
                    ----------- -------------- -- ---------- ------------- -- ----------- -------------
<S>                    <C>              <C>         <C>            <C>         <C>           <C>
Oklahoma               $36,990          1.40%       $74,717        2.23%       $ (37,727)    (83) b.p.
Texas                   32,591          1.62         20,472        0.87           12,119      75
New Mexico              14,365          4.20          4,564        1.09            9,801     311
Arkansas                   434          0.42            148        0.14              286      28
Colorado                 8,132          1.49         21,922        3.32          (13,790)   (183)
Arizona                  8,804          4.42          2,117        1.00            6,687     342
Kansas / Missouri           68          0.02         10,906        3.55          (10,838)   (353)
------------------- ----------- -------------- -- ---------- ------------- -- ----------- -------------
Total commercial      $101,384          1.63%       134,846        1.82%       $ (33,462)    (19) b.p.
------------------- ----------- -------------- -- ---------- ------------- -- ----------- -------------
</TABLE>

Approximately $31 million or 1.71% of all loans in the services sector of the
loan portfolio and $23 million or 1.19% of the energy sector of the loan
portfolio were nonaccruing at December 31, 2009. Nonaccruing services sector
loans were down $5.9 million and nonaccruing energy sector loans were down $27
million from December 31, 2008. In addition, nonaccruing loans in the
manufacturing sector of the portfolio increased $8.4 million to $16 million or
3.90% of all loans to the manufacturing sector and nonaccruing loans to the
wholesale / retail sector of the loan portfolio decreased $6.7 million from
December 31, 2008 to $12 million or 1.31% of all loans in the wholesale /retail
sector of the loan portfolio at December 31, 2009.

Commercial Real Estate

Nonaccruing commercial real estate loans totaled $205 million or 8.23% of
outstanding commercial real estate loans at December 31, 2009 compared to $137
million or 5.08% of outstanding commercial real estate loans at December 31,
2008. Nonaccruing commercial real estate loans increased approximately $226
million during 2009 related to newly identified commercial real estate loans,
primarily in the construction and land development sector. This was partially
offset by transfers to other real estate owned and charge-offs.

<TABLE>
Table 35    Nonaccruing Commercial Real Estate Loans by Principal Market
            (Dollars in Thousands)
                                December 31, 2009            December 31, 2008                 Change
                             -------------------------    -------------------------    ------------------------
                               Amount        % of           Amount        % of          Amount        % of
                                         outstanding                  outstanding                 outstanding
                                            loans                        loans                       loans
                             ----------- ------------- -- ----------- ------------- -- ---------- -------------
<S>                            <C>             <C>           <C>             <C>         <C>          <C>
Oklahoma                       $ 30,524        3.72%         $22,837         2.71%       $ 7,687      101 b.p.
Texas                            24,163        3.29           14,014         1.70         10,149      159
New Mexico                       10,101        3.31            8,404         2.93          1,697       38
Arkansas                         11,727        8.85            1,919         1.43          9,808      742
Colorado                         51,661       21.53           10,008         3.82         41,653    1,771
Arizona                          73,106       32.17           76,208        23.85         (3,102)     832
Kansas / Missouri                 3,641       11.82            3,889        12.98           (248)    (116)
---------------------------- ----------- ------------- -- ----------- ------------- -- ---------- -------------
Total commercial real estate  $ 204,923        8.23%       $ 137,279         5.08%       $67,644      315 b.p.
---------------------------- ----------- ------------- -- ----------- ------------- -- ---------- -------------
</TABLE>

Nonaccruing commercial real estate loans are primarily concentrated in the
Arizona and Colorado markets. Approximately $73 million or 36% of nonaccruing
commercial real estate loans are in Arizona and consist primarily of $34 million
of nonaccruing residential construction and land development loans, $19 million
of nonaccruing loans secured by retail facilities and $10 million of nonaccruing
loans secured by office buildings. Nonaccruing commercial real estate decreased
$3 million compared to the prior year primarily due to charge-offs and transfers
to other real estate owned. Nonaccruing commercial real estate loans in the
Colorado market were $52 million or 25% of total nonaccruing commercial real
estate loans, composed primarily of $42 million of nonaccruing residential
construction and land development loans and $9 million of nonaccruing loans
secured by office buildings. The majority of the increase in nonaccruing
commercial real estate loans in Colorado was composed of $14 million related to
a single loan secured by residential construction and land development
properties and $9 million related to a single loan secured by an office
building.

<PAGE> 55

The increase in nonaccruing commercial real estate loans included $34 million
from nonaccruing residential construction and land development loans, $18
million from nonaccruing loans secured by office buildings and $11 million from
nonaccruing loans secured by retail facilities. The increase in nonaccruing
residential construction and land development loans included $37 million in the
Colorado market and $10 million in the Texas market, offset by a $17 million
decrease in the Arizona market. The increase in nonaccruing loans secured by
retail facilities included $7 million in the Arizona market and $5 million in
the New Mexico market. The increase in loans secured by office building included
$7 million in the Arizona market, $7 million in the Colorado market and $5
million in the Arkansas market.

Residential Mortgage and Consumer

Nonaccruing residential mortgage loans primarily consist of permanent
residential mortgage loans which totaled $30 million or 1.67% of outstanding
residential mortgage loans at December 31, 2009, a $2.6 million increase over
December 31, 2008. Home equity loans continued to perform well with only $1.7
million or 0.34% of total home equity loans in nonaccrual status. The
distribution of nonaccruing residential mortgage loans among our various markets
is included in Table 36.

<TABLE>
Table 36    Nonaccruing Residential Mortgage Loans by Principal Market
            (Dollars in Thousands)
                                   December 31, 2009           December 31, 2008                Change
                                ------------------------     -----------------------    ------------------------
                                  Amount       % of           Amount       % of          Amount        % of
                                            outstanding                outstanding                 outstanding
                                               loans                      loans                       loans
                                ----------- ------------ --- --------- ------------- -- ---------- -------------
<S>                               <C>            <C>          <C>            <C>          <C>           <C>
Oklahoma                          $ 14,650       1.19%        $10,704        0.89%        $ 3,946       30 b.p.
Texas                                9,320       2.98           8,066        2.56           1,254       42
New Mexico                           2,168       2.51           3,016        3.08            (848)      57
Arkansas                               620       3.68           1,196        7.09            (576)    (341)
Colorado                               291       0.44             447        0.83            (156)     (39)
Arizona                              2,517       3.87           2,668        4.29            (151)     (42)
Kansas / Missouri                      423       2.51           1,290       13.84            (867)  (1,133)
------------------------------- ----------- ------------ --- --------- ------------- -- ---------- -------------
Total residential mortgage loans   $29,989       1.67%        $27,387        1.56%         $2,602       11 b.p.
------------------------------- ----------- ------------ --- --------- ------------- -- ---------- -------------
</TABLE>

In addition to nonaccruing residential mortgage and consumer loans, payments of
residential mortgage loans and consumer loans may be delinquent. The composition
of residential mortgage and consumer loans past due is included in the following
Table 37. Residential mortgage loans less than 90 days past due increased $3.4
million and residential mortgage loans past due 90 days or more increased $72
thousand during 2009. Consumer loans past due 30 to 89 days decreased $408
thousand primarily due to a decrease in other consumer loans offset by an
increase in indirect automobile loans. Consumer loans past due 90 days or more
increased $2.2 million, primarily due to a $2.9 million increase in other
consumer loans offset by a $654 thousand decrease indirect automobile loans.

<TABLE>
Table 37    Residential Mortgage and Consumers Loans Past Due
            (Dollars in Thousands)
                                   December 31, 2009          December 31, 2008
                                 -----------------------    -----------------------
                                  90 Days     30 to 89       90 Days     30 to 89
                                  or More       Days         or More       Days
                                 ----------- -----------    ----------- -----------
<S>                                 <C>         <C>            <C>        <C>
   Permanent mortgage               $ 1,532     $23,489        $ 1,370    $ 20,422
   Home equity                           24       2,049            114       1,723
-------------------------------- ----------- ----------- -- ----------- -----------
Total residential mortgage          $ 1,556    $ 25,538        $ 1,484    $ 22,145
-------------------------------- ----------- ----------- -- ----------- -----------

Consumer:
   Indirect automobile                $ 537    $ 23,191        $ 1,191     $22,082
   Other consumer                     3,297       1,612            395       3,129
-------------------------------- ----------- ----------- -- ----------- -----------
Total consumer                      $ 3,834    $ 24,803        $ 1,586    $ 25,211
-------------------------------- ----------- ----------- -- ----------- -----------
</TABLE>

Real estate and other repossessed assets totaled $129 million at December 31,
2009, up from $29 million at December 31, 2008. The distribution of real estate
and other repossessed assets attributed by geographical market is included in
the following Table 38.

<PAGE> 56

<TABLE>
Table 38    Real Estate and Other Repossessed Assets by Principal Market
            (Dollars in Thousands)
                           Oklahoma     Texas    Colorado   Arkansas     New     Arizona    Kansas/     Other     Total
                                                                       Mexico              Missouri
                          ------------ --------- ---------- ---------- -------- ---------- ---------- -------- ----------
<C>                           <C>      <C>         <C>        <C>      <C>        <C>          <C>       <C>     <C>
1-4 family residential        $ 5,034  $ 17,610    $ 3,153    $ 4,474  $ 1,612    $30,242      $ 675     $370    $63,170
   properties and
   residential land
   development
   properties
Developed commercial
   real estate
   properties                   2,486     4,855      4,594      1,391    7,580     15,382          -        -     36,288
Equity interest in
   partial satisfaction
   of debts                    14,477         -          -          -        -          -          -        -     14,477
Undeveloped land                    -         -      2,219          -        -      5,883          -        -      8,102
Construction equipment              -         -          -          -        -          -      4,838        -      4,838
Vehicles                          904       457          -        569        -          -          -        -      1,930
Other                               -         -        229          -        -          -          -        -        229
------------------------- ------------ --------- ---------- ---------- -------- ---------- ---------- -------- ----------
Total real estate and
   other repossessed
   assets                    $ 22,901  $ 22,922    $10,195     $6,434  $ 9,192   $ 51,507     $5,513     $370  $ 129,034
------------------------- ------------ --------- ---------- ---------- -------- ---------- ---------- -------- ----------
</TABLE>

Approximately $2 million of residential and residential land development
properties in the Colorado market are supported by the First United Bank
sellers' guaranty. Undeveloped land is primarily zoned for commercial
development. Developed commercial real estate properties are primarily completed
with no additional construction necessary for sale.

Our loan review process also identified loans that possess more than the normal
amount of risk due to deterioration in the financial condition of the borrower
or the value of the collateral. Because the borrowers are still performing in
accordance with the original terms of the loan agreements, and no loss of
principal or interest is anticipated, these loans were not included in
Nonperforming Assets. Known information does, however, cause management concern
as to the borrowers' ability to comply with current repayment terms. These
potential problem loans totaled $236 million at December 31, 2009. The current
composition of potential problem loans by primary industry included: real estate
- $120 million, energy - $38 million, services - $24 million, manufacturing -
$16 million and healthcare - $15 million. Potential problem real estate loans
included $54 million of residential development loans on properties primarily
located in Texas, Colorado and Oklahoma and $24 million of loans secured by
multi-family residential properties located primarily in Texas.

<PAGE> 57

Liquidity and Capital

Subsidiary Banks

Deposits and borrowed funds are the primary sources of liquidity for the
subsidiary banks. For 2009, approximately 66% of our funding is provided by
average deposit accounts, 19% from average borrowed funds, 2% from average
long-term subordinated debt and 9% from average shareholders' equity. Our
funding sources, which primarily include deposits, borrowings from the Federal
Home Loan Banks and other banks, provide adequate liquidity to meet our
operating needs.

Deposit accounts represent our largest funding source. We compete for retail and
commercial deposits by offering a broad range of products and services and
focusing on customer convenience. Retail deposit growth is supported through our
Perfect Banking sales and customer service program, free checking and on-line
bill paying services, an extensive network of branch locations and ATMs and a
24-hour Express Bank call center. Commercial deposit growth is supported by
offering treasury management and lockbox services. We also acquire brokered
deposits when the cost of funds is advantageous to other funding sources.

Average deposits totaled $15.2 billion at December 31, 2009 and represent 66% of
total average liabilities and capital for 2009 compared with $13.7 billion or
63% of total average liabilities and capital for 2008. Average deposits
increased $1.5 billion compared to 2008. Average interest-bearing transaction
deposit accounts continued to grow in 2009, up $751 million or 12% over 2008.
Average demand deposits also increased, up $647 million or 25% over last year,
primarily related to the growth in balances held by our commercial banking
customers. Growth in our average interest-bearing transaction deposit accounts
included $406 million of wealth management deposits, $199 million of consumer
banking deposits and $182 million of commercial deposits. Average time deposits
increased $130 million or 3% over 2008.

Table 39  Maturity of Domestic CDs and Public
            Funds in Amounts of $100,000 or More
            (In Thousands)

                                    December 31,
                              ---------------------------
                                 2009         2008
                              ---------------------------
   Months to maturity:
   3 or less                   $  537,757   $  879,792
   Over 3 through 6               399,580      844,957
   Over 6 through 12              648,416      651,632
   Over 12                        525,127      710,395
 --------------------------------------------------------
    Total                      $2,110,880   $3,086,776
 --------------------------------------------------------

Brokered deposits, which are included in time deposits, averaged $533 million
for 2009, down $278 million or 34% compared to the previous year. Brokered
deposits totaled $36 million at December 31, 2009 compared to $1.0 billion at
December 31, 2008. These deposits which were largely added in 2008 to remix
wholesale funding sources to provide more available liquidity are being replaced
by other deposit products as they mature. Average wealth management time
deposits increased $439 million or 113% compared with 2008 and average retail
time deposits increased $106 million or 4% compared with 2008.

For 2009, core deposits were defined as deposits of less than $250,000 excluding
public funds and brokered deposits, to reflect the increased FDIC insurance
level under the FDIC's Transaction Account Guarantee Program. Core deposits for
2009 averaged $9.6 billion. Accounts with balances in excess of $250,000
excluding brokered deposit accounts averaged $4.3 billion. For 2008, core
deposits were defined as deposits of less than $100,000 excluding public funds
and brokered deposits, averaged $6.6 billion. Accounts with balances in excess
of $100,000 excluding brokered deposit accounts averaged $5.6 billion for 2008.

The distribution of deposit accounts among our principal markets is shown in
Table 40.

<PAGE> 58

<TABLE>
Table 40    Deposits by Principal Market Area
            (In Thousands)
                                                           December 31,
                                -------------------------------------------------------------------
                                     2009         2008         2007         2006          2005
                                --------------------------------------------------------------------
   Oklahoma:
<S>                               <C>           <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
      Demand                      $2,068,908    $1,683,374   $1,394,861   $1,298,593   $1,333,331
      Interest-bearing:
        Transaction                5,134,902     4,117,729    3,477,208    3,072,830    2,672,563
        Savings                       93,006        86,476       80,467       83,017       85,837
        Time                       1,397,240     3,104,933    2,426,822    2,595,890    2,564,337
                                --------------------------------------------------------------------
      Total interest-bearing       6,625,148     7,309,138    5,984,497    5,751,737    5,322,737
                                --------------------------------------------------------------------
   Total Oklahoma                 $8,694,056    $8,992,512   $7,379,358   $7,050,330   $6,656,068
                                --------------------------------------------------------------------
  Texas:
      Demand                      $1,108,401    $1,067,456   $1,035,134   $  848,152   $  841,197
      Interest-bearing:
        Transaction                1,748,319     1,460,576    1,753,843    1,480,138    1,310,105
        Savings                       35,129        32,071       34,618       24,074       27,398
        Time                       1,100,602       857,416      800,460      829,255      735,731
                                --------------------------------------------------------------------
      Total interest-bearing       2,884,050     2,350,063    2,588,921    2,333,467    2,073,234
                                --------------------------------------------------------------------
   Total Texas                    $3,992,451    $3,417,519   $3,624,055   $3,181,619   $2,914,431
                                --------------------------------------------------------------------
  New Mexico:
      Demand                     $   209,090   $   155,345  $   151,231  $   175,980  $   172,363
      Interest-bearing:
        Transaction                  444,247       397,382      432,919      380,450      338,025
        Savings                       17,563        16,289       15,146       16,417       17,839
        Time                         510,202       522,894      486,868      490,460      453,314
                                --------------------------------------------------------------------
      Total interest-bearing         972,012       936,565      934,933      887,327      809,178
                                --------------------------------------------------------------------
   Total New Mexico              $ 1,181,102   $ 1,091,910  $ 1,086,164  $ 1,063,307  $   981,541
                                --------------------------------------------------------------------
  Arkansas:
      Demand                     $    21,526   $    16,293  $    13,247  $    15,604  $    14,414
      Interest-bearing:
        Transaction                   50,879        38,566       19,027       14,890       18,369
        Savings                        1,346         1,083          883        1,010        1,058
        Time                         101,839        75,579       40,692       57,446       75,034
                                --------------------------------------------------------------------
      Total interest-bearing         154,064       115,228       60,602       73,346       94,461
                                --------------------------------------------------------------------
   Total Arkansas                $   175,590   $   131,521  $    73,849  $    88,950  $   108,875
                                --------------------------------------------------------------------
  Colorado:
      Demand                      $  146,929    $  116,637   $  117,939   $   80,559   $   91,483
      Interest-bearing:
        Transaction                  448,846       480,113      446,427      296,451      228,832
        Savings                       17,802        17,660       23,806       12,632       17,772
        Time                         525,844       532,475      539,523      485,200      264,020
                                --------------------------------------------------------------------
      Total interest-bearing         992,492     1,030,248    1,009,756      794,283      510,624
                                --------------------------------------------------------------------
   Total Colorado                 $1,139,421    $1,146,885   $1,127,695   $  874,842   $  602,107
                                --------------------------------------------------------------------
  Arizona:
      Demand                      $   68,651    $   39,424   $   46,701   $   51,542   $   59,689
      Interest-bearing:
        Transaction                   81,909        56,985       65,788       61,539       42,872
        Savings                          958         1,014        1,435        1,978        4,111
        Time                          60,768        34,290       11,603        6,574        5,624
                                --------------------------------------------------------------------
      Total interest-bearing         143,635        92,289       78,826       70,091       52,607
                                --------------------------------------------------------------------
   Total Arizona                  $  212,286    $  131,713   $  125,527   $  121,633   $  112,296
                                --------------------------------------------------------------------
  Kansas/Missouri:
      Demand                      $   30,339    $    3,850   $    9,656   $       57   $        -
      Interest-bearing:
        Transaction                   21,337        10,999        8,304          244            -
        Savings                          148            42           13            2            -
        Time                          71,498        55,656       24,670        5,721            -
                                --------------------------------------------------------------------
      Total interest-bearing          92,983        66,697       32,987        5,967            -
                                --------------------------------------------------------------------
   Total Kansas/Missouri          $  123,322    $   70,547   $   42,643   $    6,024   $        -
                                --------------------------------------------------------------------
   Total BOK Financial deposits   $15,518,228   $14,982,607  $13,459,291  $12,386,705  $11,375,318
                                --------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

In addition to deposits, subsidiary bank liquidity is provided primarily by
federal funds purchased, securities repurchase agreements and Federal Home Loan
Bank borrowings. Federal funds purchased consist primarily of unsecured,
overnight funds acquired from other financial institutions. Funds are primarily
purchased from bankers' banks and Federal Home Loan banks from across the
country. The largest single source of Federal funds purchased totaled $188
million at

<PAGE> 59

December 31, 2009.  Securities  repurchase agreements generally mature within 90
days and are secured by certain available for sale securities. Federal Home Loan
Bank  borrowings  generally  mature within one year and are secured by a blanket
pledge  of  eligible  collateral  (generally   unencumbered  U.S.  Treasury  and
mortgage-backed  securities,  1-4 family mortgage loans and multifamily mortgage
loans). During 2009, the outstanding balance of federal funds purchased averaged
$1.5 billion and securities repurchase agreements averaged $817 million. Amounts
borrowed  from the Federal  Home Loan Banks of Topeka and Dallas  averaged  $1.2
million.

The subsidiary banks began borrowing funds under the Federal Reserve Bank Term
Auction Facility program. This is a temporary program which allows banks that
are in generally sound financial condition to bid for funds. Funds are borrowed
for either 28 or 84 days and are secured by a pledge of eligible collateral.
Funds borrowed under this program averaged $943 million for 2009. Although
designated as a temporary program, no plans have been announced for its
termination.

At December 31, 2009, the estimated unused credit available to the subsidiary
banks from collateralized sources and within our internal policy limits was
approximately $4.7 billion.


Parent Company

The primary source of liquidity for BOK Financial is dividends from subsidiary
banks, which are limited by various banking regulations to net profits, as
defined, for the year plus retained profits for the preceding two years.
Dividends are further restricted by minimum capital requirements. Based on the
most restrictive limitations, at December 31, 2009, the subsidiary banks could
declare up to $225 million of dividends without regulatory approval. Management
has developed and the Board of Directors has approved an internal capital policy
that is more restrictive than the regulatory capital standards. The subsidiary
banks could declare dividends of up to $190 million under this policy. Future
losses or increases in required regulatory capital at the subsidiary banks could
affect their ability to pay dividends to the parent company.

Effective December 2, 2009, the Company amended an unsecured revolving credit
agreement with George B. Kaiser, its Chairman and principal shareholder. The
terms of the amended credit agreement reduced the committed amount from $188
million to $100 million, changed the interest rate and facility fee to reflect
current market terms and extended the maturity date from December 2, 2010 to
December 2, 2012. Interest on outstanding balances due to Mr. Kaiser is based on
one-month LIBOR plus 250 basis points and is payable quarterly. Additional
interest in the form of a facility fee is paid quarterly on the unused portion
of the commitment at 50 basis points. Previously, interest was due quarterly
based on one-month LIBOR plus 125 basis points and the facility fee was paid
quarterly on the unused portion of the commitment at 25 basis points. As with
the original agreement, the amended agreement has no restrictive covenants. No
amounts were outstanding under this credit agreement as of December 31, 2009.
The outstanding balance at December 31, 2008 was $50 million.

Our equity capital at December 31, 2009 was $2.2 billion up from $1.8 billion at
December 31, 2008. Net income less cash dividend paid increased equity $137
million. Accumulated other comprehensive losses decreased $212 million during
2009 due primarily to a $344 million change from a net unrealized loss on
available for sale securities at December 31, 2008 to a net unrealized gain at
December 31, 2009. Capital is managed to maximize long-term value to the
shareholders. Factors considered in managing capital include projections of
future earnings, asset growth and acquisition strategies, and regulatory and
debt covenant requirements. Capital management may include subordinated debt
issuance, share repurchase and stock and cash dividends.

Based on asset size, we are the largest commercial bank that elected not to
participate in the TARP Capital Purchase Program. The decision not to
participate in TARP was based on an evaluation of our capital needs at the time
and in several capital stress environments. We considered capital requirements
for organic growth and potential acquisitions, the cost of TARP capital and a
defined exit strategy when the cost of TARP capital increases substantially at
the end of year five. We also considered reasonable capital and liquidity
support from our majority shareholder.

On April 26, 2005, the Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program,
which replaced a previously authorized program. The maximum of two million
common shares may be repurchased. The specific timing and amount of shares
repurchased will vary based on market conditions, securities law limitations and
other factors. Repurchases may be made over time in open market or privately
negotiated transactions. The repurchase program may be suspended or discontinued
at any time without prior notice. Since this program began, 784,073 shares have
been repurchased by the Company for $39 million. No shares were repurchased by
the Company during 2009.

BOK Financial and subsidiary banks are subject to various capital requirements
administered by federal agencies. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements
can result in certain mandatory and possibly additional discretionary actions by
regulators that could have a material impact on operations. These capital
requirements include quantitative measures of assets, liabilities, and
off-balance sheet items. The capital standards are also subject to qualitative
judgments by the regulators.

<PAGE> 60

For a banking institution to qualify as well capitalized, its Tier 1, Total and
Leverage capital ratios must be at least 6%, 10% and 5%, respectively. All of
the Company's banking subsidiaries exceeded the regulatory definitions of well
capitalized. The capital ratios for BOK Financial on a consolidated basis and
for each of the subsidiary banks are presented in Note 15 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements.

Capital resources of financial institutions are also regularly measured by the
tangible common shareholders' equity ratio. Tangible common shareholders' equity
is shareholders' equity as defined by GAAP less intangible assets and equity
which does not benefit common shareholders. Equity that does not benefit common
shareholders includes preferred equity and equity provided by the U.S.
Treasury's TARP program. Tier 1 common equity is tier 1 equity as defined by
banking regulations, adjusted for other comprehensive income (loss) and equity
which does not benefit common shareholders. These non-GAAP measures are valuable
indicators of a financial institution's capital strength since it eliminates
intangible assets from shareholders' equity and retains the effect of unrealized
losses on securities and other components of accumulated other comprehensive
income (loss) in shareholders' equity. At December 31, 2009, BOK Financial's
tangible common shareholders' equity ratio was 7.99% and tier 1 common equity
ratio was 10.75%. At December 31, 2008 BOK Financial's tangible common
shareholders' equity ratio was 6.64% and tier 1 common equity ratio was 9.32%

The following table provides a reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures with
financial measures defined by GAAP.

Table 41    Non-GAAP Measures
            (In Thousands)
                                                        December 31,
                                                    2009           2008
                                                ------------- ---------------
Tangible common equity ratio:
Total shareholders' equity                        $2,205,813      $1,846,257
Less: Intangible assets, net                         354,239         361,209
----------------------------------------------- ------------- ---------------
Tangible common equity                             1,851,574       1,485,048
----------------------------------------------- ------------- ---------------
Total assets                                      23,516,831      22,734,648
Less: Intangible assets, net                         354,239         361,209
----------------------------------------------- ------------- ---------------
Tangible assets                                  $23,162,592     $22,373,439
----------------------------------------------- ------------- ---------------
Tangible common equity ratio                           7.99%           6.64%
----------------------------------------------- ------------- ---------------

Tier 1 common equity ratio:
Tier 1 capital                                    $1,876,778      $1,728,926
Less: Non-controlling interest                        19,561          13,855
----------------------------------------------- ------------- ---------------
Tier 1 common equity                               1,857,217       1,715,071
----------------------------------------------- ------------- ---------------
Risk weighted assets                              17,275,808      18,401,051
----------------------------------------------- ------------- ---------------
Tier 1 common equity ratio                            10.75%           9.32%
----------------------------------------------- ------------- ---------------


Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

Bank of Oklahoma guarantees rents totaling $28.7 million through September, 2017
to the City of Tulsa ("City") as owner of a building immediately adjacent to the
Bank's main office for space currently rented by third-party tenants in the
building. All rent payments are current. Remaining guaranteed rents totaled
$22.8 million at December 31, 2009. In return for this guarantee, Bank of
Oklahoma will receive 80% of net cash flow as defined in an agreement with the
City over the next 10 years from currently vacant space in the same building.
None of this additional space has been rented to outside parties since the date
of the agreement. The maximum amount that Bank of Oklahoma may receive under
this agreement is $4.5 million.

Aggregate Contractual Obligations

BOK Financial has numerous contractual obligations in the normal course of
business. These obligations included time deposits and other borrowed funds,
premises used under various operating leases, commitments to extend credit to
borrowers and to purchase securities, derivative contracts and contracts for
services such as data processing that are integral to our operations. The
following table summarizes payments due per these contractual obligations at
December 31, 2009.

<PAGE> 61

<TABLE>
Table 42    Contractual Obligations as of December 31, 2009
            (In Thousands)
                                        Less Than       1 to 3       4 to 5      More Than
                                         1 Year         Years         Years       5 Years       Total
                                     -------------- ------------- ------------ ------------ -------------
<S>                                     <C>            <C>           <C>        <C>         <C>
Time deposits                           $617,810       $329,726      $214,947   $428,190    $1,590,673
Other borrowings                       1,254,283        160,966         1,190      8,442     1,424,881
Subordinated debentures                   21,875         43,750        43,750    458,542       567,917
Operating lease obligations               14,955         25,652        18,227     88,585       147,419
Derivative contracts                     205,977        137,366        15,142      4,461       362,946
Data processing contracts                 17,876         32,373        20,864      6,317        77,430
------------------------------------ -------------- ------------- ------------ ------------ -------------
Total                                 $2,132,776       $729,833      $314,120   $994,537    $4,171,266
------------------------------------ -------------- ------------- ------------ ------------ -------------
</TABLE>

Loan commitments                                            $  5,001,338
Standby letters of credit                                        588,091
Mortgage loans sold with recourse                                330,963
Alternative investment commitments                                 9,923
Unfunded third-party private equity commitments                   18,904
Deferred compensation and stock-based compensation obligations    27,452

Payments on time deposits and other borrowed funds include interest which has
been calculated from rates at December 31, 2009. Many of these obligations have
variable interest rates and actual payments will differ from the amounts shown
on this table. Obligations under derivative contracts used for interest rate
risk management purposes are included with projected payments from time deposits
and other borrowed funds as appropriate.

Payments on time deposits are based on contractual maturity dates. These funds
may be withdrawn prior to maturity. We may charge the customer a penalty for
early withdrawal.

Operating lease commitments generally represent real property we rent for branch
offices, corporate offices and operations facilities. Payments presented
represent the minimum lease payments and exclude related costs such as utilities
and property taxes.

Data processing and communications contracts represent the minimum obligations
under the contracts. Additional payments that are based on the volume of
transactions processed are excluded.

Loan commitments represent legally binding obligations to provide financing to
our customers. Some of these commitments are expected to expire before being
drawn upon and the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future
cash requirements. Approximately $1.3 billion of the loan commitments expire
within one year.

Obligations under derivative contracts are used in customer hedging programs. As
previously discussed, we have entered into derivative contracts which are
expected to substantially offset the cash payments due on these obligations.
Amounts shown in the table exclude $55 million of cash margin which secures our
obligations under these contracts.

The Company has funded $52 million and has commitments to fund an additional
$9.9 million for various alternative investments. Alternative investments
generally consist of limited partnership interests in or loans to entities that
invest in distressed assets, energy development, venture capital and other
activities. The Company is prohibited by banking regulations from controlling or
actively managing the activities of these investments.

The Company has $19 million of commitments to make investments through its BOK
Financial Private Equity Funds. These commitments, which are included in
unfunded third-party private equity commitments, generally reflect customer
investment obligations.

The Company has compensation and employment agreements with our President and
Chief Executive Officer. Collectively, these agreements provide, among other
things, that all unvested stock-based compensation shall fully vest upon his
termination, subject to certain conditions. These agreements provide for
settlement in cash or other assets. We currently have recognized a $20 million
liability for these plans. This liability would increase to $21 million if all
awards were fully vested. We also have obligations with respect to employee and
executive benefit plans. See Notes 11 and 12 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional information about our employee benefit plans.

Recently Issued Accounting Standards

See Note 1 of the consolidated financial statements for disclosure of newly
adopted and pending accounting standards.

<PAGE> 62

Forward-Looking Statements

This report contains forward-looking statements that are based on management's
beliefs, assumptions, current expectations, estimates, and projections about BOK
Financial, the financial services industry and the economy in general. Words
such as "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "expects," "forecasts," "plans,"
"projects," variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to
identify such forward-looking statements. Management judgments relating to and
discussion of the provision and reserves for loan losses and off-balance sheet
credit losses, reserves for uncertain tax positions and accruals for loss
contingencies involve judgments as to expected events and are inherently
forward-looking statements. Assessments that BOK Financial's acquisitions and
other growth endeavors will be profitable are necessary statements of belief as
to the outcome of future events, based in part on information provided by others
that BOK Financial has not independently verified. These statements are not
guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and
assumptions that are difficult to predict with regard to timing, extent,
likelihood and degree of occurrence. Therefore, actual results and outcomes may
materially differ from what is expressed, implied, or forecasted in such
forward-looking statements. Internal and external factors that might cause such
a difference include, but are not limited to: (1) the ability to fully realize
expected cost savings from mergers within the expected time frames, (2) the
ability of other companies on which BOK Financial relies to provide goods and
services in a timely and accurate manner, (3) changes in interest rates and
interest rate relationships, (4) demand for products and services, (5) the
degree of competition by traditional and nontraditional competitors, (6) changes
in banking regulations, tax laws, prices, levies, and assessments, (7) the
impact of technological advances and (8) trends in customer behavior as well as
their ability to repay loans. BOK Financial and its affiliates undertake no
obligation to update, amend, or clarify forward-looking statements, whether as a
result of new information, future events or otherwise.

Legal Notice

As used in this report, the term "BOK Financial" and such terms as "the
Company," "the Corporation," "our," "we" and "us" may refer to one or more of
the consolidated subsidiaries or all of them taken as a whole. All these terms
are used for convenience only and are not intended as a precise description of
any of the separate companies, each of which manages its own affairs.


ITEM 7A.  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

Market Risk

Market risk is a broad term for the risk of economic loss due to adverse changes
in the fair value of a financial instrument. These changes may be the result of
various factors, including interest rates, foreign exchange prices, commodity
prices or equity prices. Financial instruments that are subject to market risk
can be classified either as held for trading or held for purposes other than
trading. Market risk excludes changes in fair value due to credit of the
individual issuers of financial instruments.

BOK Financial is subject to market risk primarily through the effect of changes
in interest rates on both its assets held for purposes other than trading and
trading assets. The effects of other changes, such as foreign exchange rates,
commodity prices or equity prices do not pose significant market risk to BOK
Financial. BOK Financial has no material investments in assets that are affected
by changes in foreign exchange rates or equity prices. Energy and agricultural
product derivative contracts, which are affected by changes in commodity prices,
are matched against offsetting contracts as previously discussed.

Responsibility for managing market risk rests with the Asset / Liability
Committee that operates under policy guidelines established by the Board of
Directors. The acceptable negative variation in net interest revenue, net income
or economic value of equity due to a specified basis point increase or decrease
in interest rates is generally limited by these guidelines to +/- 10%. These
guidelines also set maximum levels for short-term borrowings, short-term assets,
public funds, and brokered deposits, and establish minimum levels for un-pledged
assets, among other things. Compliance with these guidelines is reviewed
monthly.

Interest Rate Risk - Other than Trading

As previously noted in the Net Interest Revenue section of this report,
management has implemented strategies to manage the Company's balance sheet to
be relatively neutral to changes in interest rates over a twelve month period.
The effectiveness of these strategies in managing the overall interest rate risk
is evaluated through the use of an asset/liability model. BOK Financial performs
a sensitivity analysis to identify more dynamic interest rate risk exposures,
including embedded option positions, on net interest revenue, net income and
economic value of equity. A simulation model is used to estimate the effect of
changes in interest rates over the next 12 and 24 months based on eight interest
rate scenarios. Two specified interest rate scenarios are used to evaluate
interest rate risk against policy guidelines. The first assumes a sustained
parallel 200 basis point increase and the second assumes a sustained parallel 50
basis point decrease in interest

<PAGE> 63

rates.  Management  historically  evaluated  interest  rate  sensitivity  for  a
sustained 200 basis point decrease in interest rates.  However, the results of a
200 basis point decrease in interest rates in the current  low-rate  environment
are not meaningful.  The Company also performs a sensitivity analysis based on a
"most likely"  interest rate  scenario,  which includes  non-parallel  shifts in
interest  rates.  An  independent  source is used to  determine  the most likely
interest rate scenario.

The Company's primary interest rate exposures include the Federal Funds rate,
which affects short-term borrowings, and the prime lending rate and LIBOR, which
are the basis for much of the variable-rate loan pricing. Additionally, mortgage
rates directly affect the prepayment speeds for mortgage-backed securities and
mortgage servicing rights. Derivative financial instruments and other financial
instruments used for purposes other than trading are included in this
simulation. The model incorporates assumptions regarding the effects of changes
in interest rates and account balances on indeterminable maturity deposits based
on a combination of historical analysis and expected behavior. The impact of
planned growth and new business activities is factored into the simulation
model. The effects of changes in interest rates on the value of mortgage
servicing rights are excluded from Table 43 due to the extreme volatility over
such a large rate range. The effects of interest rate changes on the value of
mortgage servicing rights and securities identified as economic hedges are
presented in the Lines of Business - Consumer Banking section of this report.

The simulations used to manage market risk are based on numerous assumptions
regarding the effects of changes in interest rates on the timing and extent of
re-pricing characteristics, future cash flows and customer behavior. These
assumptions are inherently uncertain and, as a result, the model cannot
precisely estimate net interest revenue, net income or economic value of equity
or precisely predict the impact of higher or lower interest rates on net
interest revenue, net income or economic value of equity. Actual results will
differ from simulated results due to timing, magnitude and frequency of interest
rate changes, market conditions and management strategies, among other factors.

<TABLE>
Table 43  Interest Rate Sensitivity
                  (Dollars in Thousands)
                                     200 bp Increase              50 bp Decrease              Most Likely
                               ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                    2009         2008           2009          2008          2009        2008
                               ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Anticipated impact over the next 12
<S>                                <C>          <C>            <C>            <C>        <C>         <C>
    months on net interest revenue $(4,933)     $ (5,609)      $ (8,032)      $(13,125)  $   (262)   $  1,892
                                      (0.3)%        (0.8)%         (1.2)%         (1.8)%       -          0.3%
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


Trading Activities

BOK Financial enters into trading activities both as an intermediary for
customers and for its own account. As an intermediary, BOK Financial will take
positions in securities, generally mortgage-backed securities, government agency
securities, and municipal bonds. These securities are purchased for resale to
customers, which include individuals, corporations, foundations and financial
institutions. BOK Financial will also take trading positions in U.S. Treasury
securities, mortgage-backed securities, municipal bonds and financial futures
for its own account. These positions are taken with the objective of generating
trading profits. Both of these activities involve interest rate risk.

A variety of methods are used to manage the interest rate risk of trading
activities. These methods include daily marking of all positions to market
value, independent verification of inventory pricing, and position limits for
each trading activity. Hedges in either the futures or cash markets may be used
to reduce the risk associated with some trading programs.

Management uses a Value at Risk ("VAR") methodology to measure the market risk
inherent in its trading activities. VAR is calculated based upon historical
simulations over the past five years using a variance / covariance matrix of
interest rate changes. It represents an amount of market loss that is likely to
be exceeded only one out of every 100 two-week periods. Trading positions are
managed within guidelines approved by the Board of Directors. These guidelines
limit the VAR to $3.7 million. At December 31, 2009, the VAR was $692 thousand.
The greatest value at risk during 2009 was $3.6 million. The value at risk
guideline was exceeded with appropriate approvals by management to take
advantage of wide yields available on certain securities during the year.

<PAGE> 64

ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA


Report of Management on Financial Statements

Management of BOK Financial is responsible for the preparation, integrity and
fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements included in this
annual report. The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in
accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
and necessarily include some amounts that are based on our best estimates and
judgments.

Management, under the supervision of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief
Financial Officer, conducted an assessment of internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2009. Internal control over financial reporting is
a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of the Company's consolidated financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States. In establishing internal control over
financial reporting, management assesses risk and designs controls to prevent or
detect financial reporting misstatements that may be consequential to a reader.
Management also assesses the impact of any internal control deficiencies and
oversees efforts to improve internal control over financial reporting. Because
of inherent limitations, it is possible that internal controls may not prevent
or detect misstatements, and it is possible that internal controls may vary over
time based on changing conditions. There have been no material changes in
internal controls subsequent to December 31, 2009.

The Risk Oversight and Audit Committee, consisting entirely of independent
directors, meets regularly with management, internal auditors and the
independent registered public accounting firm, Ernst & Young LLP, regarding
management's assessment of internal control over financial reporting.


Report of Management on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal
control over financial reporting and for assessing the effectiveness of internal
control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f), as amended. Management has assessed the effectiveness
of the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria
established in "Internal Control - Integrated Framework," issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations ("COSO") of the Treadway Commission. Based
on that assessment and criteria, management has determined that the Company
maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December
31, 2009.

Ernst & Young LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that
audited the consolidated financial statements of the Company included in this
annual report has issued an audit report on the effectiveness of the Company's
internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2009. Their report,
which expresses unqualified opinions on the effectiveness of the Company's
internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2009, is included
in this annual report.

<PAGE> 65

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm


Report on Consolidated Financial Statements


The Board of Directors and Shareholders of BOK Financial Corporation

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of BOK Financial
Corporation as of December 31, 2009 and 2008, and the related consolidated
statements of earnings, shareholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the
three years in the period ended December 31, 2009. These financial statements
are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to
express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a
test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in
all material respects, the consolidated financial position of BOK Financial
Corporation at December 31, 2009 and 2008, and the consolidated results of its
operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended
December 31, 2009, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles.

As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, BOK Financial
Corporation changed its method of accounting for non-controlling interests and
changed its method of recognition and presentation of other-than-temporary
impairments as of January 1, 2009.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States), BOK Financial Corporation's internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2009, based on criteria
established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated
February 26, 2010 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.



Ernst & Young LLP

Tulsa, Oklahoma

February 26, 2010

<PAGE> 66

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm


Report on Effectiveness of Internal Control over Financial Reporting


The Board of Directors and Shareholders of BOK Financial Corporation

We have audited BOK Financial Corporation's internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2009, based on criteria established in Internal
Control--Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (the COSO criteria). BOK Financial
Corporation's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal
control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of
internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Report of
Management on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is
to express an opinion on the company's internal control over financial reporting
based on our audit.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective
internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material
respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over
financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing
and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based
on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered
necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable
basis for our opinion.

A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over
financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to
the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2)
provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to
permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are
being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of
the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's
assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting
may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of
effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

In our opinion, BOK Financial Corporation maintained, in all material respects,
effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2009,
based on the COSO criteria.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets of
BOK Financial Corporation as of December 31, 2009 and 2008, and the related
consolidated statements of earnings, shareholders' equity, and cash flows for
each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2009 of BOK Financial
Corporation and our report dated February 26, 2010 expressed an unqualified
opinion thereon.


Ernst & Young LLP

Tulsa, Oklahoma

February 26, 2010

<PAGE> 67

Consolidated Statements of Earnings
(In Thousands, Except Share and Per Share Data)

<TABLE>

                                                                   2009              2008             2007
                                                            ----------------- ---------------- -----------------
Interest revenue
<S>                                                           <C>               <C>              <C>
Loans                                                         $   562,367       $   726,405      $   887,248
Residential mortgage loans held for sale                           10,102             5,805            4,776
Taxable securities                                                328,997           313,360          248,972
Tax-exempt securities                                              10,143            10,651           13,604
----------------------------------------------------------- ----------------- ---------------- -----------------
         Total securities                                         339,140           324,011          262,576
----------------------------------------------------------- ----------------- ---------------- -----------------
Trading securities                                                  2,883             3,847            1,657
Funds sold and resell agreements                                       77             1,577            4,480
----------------------------------------------------------- ----------------- ---------------- -----------------
         Total interest revenue                                   914,569         1,061,645        1,160,737
----------------------------------------------------------- ----------------- ---------------- -----------------
Interest expense
Deposits                                                          164,362           288,924          412,746
Borrowed funds                                                     17,545           103,597          178,605
Subordinated debentures                                            22,298            22,262           24,901
----------------------------------------------------------- ----------------- ---------------- -----------------
         Total interest expense                                   204,205           414,783          616,252
----------------------------------------------------------- ----------------- ---------------- -----------------
Net interest revenue                                              710,364           646,862          544,485
Provision for credit losses                                       195,900           202,593           34,721
----------------------------------------------------------- ----------------- ---------------- -----------------
Net interest revenue after provision for credit losses            514,464           444,269          509,764
----------------------------------------------------------- ----------------- ---------------- -----------------
Other operating revenue
Brokerage and trading revenue                                      91,677            42,804           62,542
Transaction card revenue                                          105,517           100,153           90,425
Trust fees and commissions                                         66,177            78,979           78,231
Deposit service charges and fees                                  115,791           117,528          109,218
Mortgage banking revenue                                           64,980            30,599           22,275
Bank-owned life insurance                                          10,239            10,681           10,058
Margin asset fees                                                     236             8,548            4,800
Other revenue                                                      25,895            25,902           28,073
----------------------------------------------------------- ----------------- ---------------- -----------------
         Total fees and commissions                               480,512           415,194          405,622
----------------------------------------------------------- ----------------- ---------------- -----------------
Gain (loss) on other assets, net                                    4,134            (9,406)           2,404
Gain (loss) on derivatives, net                                    (3,365)            1,299            2,282
Gain on securities, net                                            46,122            26,943              313
Total other-than-temporary impairment losses                     (129,154)           (5,306)          (8,641)
Portion of loss recognized in other comprehensive income          (94,741)                -                -
----------------------------------------------------------- ----------------- ---------------- -----------------
Net impairment losses recognized in earnings                      (34,413)           (5,306)          (8,641)
----------------------------------------------------------- ----------------- ---------------- -----------------
         Total other operating revenue                            492,990           428,724          401,980
----------------------------------------------------------- ----------------- ---------------- -----------------
Other operating expense
Personnel                                                         380,517           352,947          328,705
Business promotion                                                 19,582            23,536           21,888
Professional fees and services                                     30,243            27,045           22,795
Net occupancy and equipment                                        65,715            60,632           57,284
Insurance                                                          24,040            11,988            3,017
FDIC special assessment                                            11,773                 -                -
Data processing and communications                                 81,292            78,047           72,733
Printing, postage and supplies                                     15,960            16,433           16,570
Net losses and operating expenses of repossessed assets            11,400             1,019              691
Amortization of intangible assets                                   6,970             7,661            7,358
Mortgage banking costs                                             36,304            22,513           13,111
Change in fair value of mortgage servicing rights                 (12,124)           34,515            2,893
Visa retrospective responsibility obligation                            -            (2,767)           2,767
Other expense                                                      25,061            28,835           25,175
----------------------------------------------------------- ----------------- ---------------- -----------------
         Total other operating expense                            696,733           662,404          574,987
----------------------------------------------------------- ----------------- ---------------- -----------------
Income before taxes                                               310,721           210,589          336,757
Federal and state income tax                                      106,705            64,909          115,761
----------------------------------------------------------- ----------------- ---------------- -----------------
Net income before non-controlling interest                        204,016           145,680          220,996
Net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interest          3,438            (7,552)           3,332
----------------------------------------------------------- ----------------- ---------------- -----------------
Net income attributable to BOK Financial Corp.                $   200,578        $  153,232       $  217,664
----------------------------------------------------------- ----------------- ---------------- -----------------
Earnings per share:
    Basic                                                     $     2.96         $    2.27        $    3.24
    Diluted                                                   $     2.96         $    2.27        $    3.22
----------------------------------------------------------- ----------------- ---------------- -----------------
Average shares used in computation:
    Basic                                                      67,375,387        67,302,990       67,083,200
    Diluted                                                    67,487,944        67,461,361       67,519,742
Dividends declared per share                                  $     0.945        $    0.875          $  0.75
----------------------------------------------------------- ----------------- ---------------- -----------------
</TABLE>

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

<PAGE> 68

Consolidated Balance Sheets
(In Thousands, Except Share Data)

<TABLE>

                                                                                             December 31,
                                                                                   ----------------------------------
                                                                                        2009              2008
                                                                                   ---------------- -----------------
Assets
<S>                                                                                <C>              <C>
Cash and due from banks                                                            $      875,250   $      581,133
Funds sold and resell agreements                                                           45,966          113,809
Trading securities                                                                         65,354           99,601
Securities:
   Available for sale                                                                   8,726,135        5,800,691
   Available for sale securities pledged to creditors                                     145,888          590,760
   Investment (fair value: 2009 - $246,704;  2008 - $245,769)                             240,405          242,344
   Mortgage trading securities                                                            285,950          399,211
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------- -----------------
   Total securities                                                                     9,398,378        7,033,006
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------- -----------------
Residential mortgage loans held for sale                                                  217,826          129,246
Loans                                                                                  11,279,698       12,876,006
Less reserve for loan losses                                                             (292,095)        (233,236)
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------- -----------------
   Loans, net of reserve                                                               10,987,603       12,642,770
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------- -----------------
Premises and equipment, net                                                               280,260          277,458
Accrued revenue receivable                                                                108,822           96,673
Intangible assets, net                                                                    354,239          361,209
Mortgage servicing rights, net                                                             73,824           42,752
Real estate and other repossessed assets                                                  129,034           29,179
Bankers' acceptances                                                                        3,869           12,913
Derivative contracts                                                                      343,782          452,604
Cash surrender value of bank-owned life insurance                                         247,357          237,006
Receivable on unsettled securities trades                                                       -          239,474
Other assets                                                                              385,267          385,815
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------- -----------------
      Total assets                                                                 $   23,516,831   $   22,734,648
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------- -----------------

Liabilities and shareholders' equity
Noninterest-bearing demand deposits                                                $    3,653,844   $    3,082,379
Interest-bearing deposits:
  Transaction                                                                           7,930,439        6,562,350
  Savings                                                                                 165,952          154,635
  Time  (includes deposits carried at fair value:  2009 - $98,031;
         2008 - $632,754)                                                               3,767,993        5,183,243
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------- -----------------
  Total deposits                                                                       15,518,228       14,982,607
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------- -----------------
Funds purchased and repurchase agreements                                               2,471,743        3,025,399
Other borrowings                                                                        2,133,357        1,522,054
Subordinated debentures                                                                   398,539          398,407
Accrued interest, taxes and expense                                                       111,880          133,220
Bankers' acceptances                                                                        3,869           12,913
Due on unsettled securities trades                                                        212,335                -
Derivative contracts                                                                      308,360          667,034
Other liabilities                                                                         133,146          132,902
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------- -----------------
  Total liabilities                                                                    21,291,457       20,874,536
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------- -----------------
Shareholders' equity:
  Common stock ($.00006 par value; 2,500,000,000 shares authorized;
      shares issued and outstanding:  2009 - 70,312,086; 2008 - 69,884,749)                     4                4
  Capital surplus                                                                         758,723          743,411
  Retained earnings                                                                     1,563,683        1,427,057
  Treasury stock (shares at cost: 2009 - 2,509,279; 2008 - 2,411,663)                    (105,857)        (101,329)
  Accumulated other comprehensive loss                                                    (10,740)        (222,886)
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------- -----------------
  Total shareholders' equity                                                            2,205,813        1,846,257
Non-controlling interest                                                                   19,561           13,855
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------- -----------------
      Total equity                                                                      2,225,374        1,860,112
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------- -----------------
      Total liabilities and equity                                                 $   23,516,831   $   22,734,648
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------- -----------------
</TABLE>

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

<PAGE> 69

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
(In Thousands)

<TABLE>
                                                                                2009          2008          2007
                                                                          -------------- ------------- -------------
Cash Flows From Operating Activities:
<S>                                                                        <C>            <C>           <C>
 Net income before non-controlling interest                                $   204,016    $   145,680   $   220,996
 Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash provided
 by operating activities:
    Provision for credit losses                                                195,900        202,593        34,721
    Change in fair value of mortgage servicing rights                          (12,124)        34,515         2,893
    Unrealized (gains) losses from derivatives                                  23,000         35,408       (11,162)
    Depreciation and amortization                                               87,771         51,282        43,524
    Change in bank-owned life insurance                                        (10,351)        (7,466)      (17,310)
    Tax expense (benefit) on exercise of stock options                             276           (895)       (3,460)
    Stock-based compensation                                                     5,862          4,798         8,483
    Net (accretion) amortization of securities discounts and premiums           35,636        (18,106)       (2,404)
    Realized (gains) losses on financial instruments and other assets          (46,318)       (30,981)        7,663
    Mortgage loans originated for resale                                    (2,676,868)    (1,201,613)   (1,022,829)
    Proceeds from sale of mortgage loans held for resale                     2,619,399      1,170,722     1,008,828
    Capitalized mortgage servicing rights                                      (39,869)       (19,220)      (17,708)
    Change in trading securities, including mortgage trading securities        102,121       (297,292)          896
    Change in accrued revenue receivable                                       (12,149)        41,570       (30,719)
    Change in other assets                                                    (166,375)       (82,948)       14,598
    Change in accrued interest, taxes and expense                              (21,340)        28,411        36,985
    Change in other liabilities                                                 (7,571)        25,607       (36,218)
------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- ------------- -------------
Net cash provided by operating activities                                      281,016         82,065       237,777
------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- ------------- -------------
Cash Flows From Investing Activities:
    Proceeds from sales of available for sale securities                     3,242,282      3,499,128       806,979
    Proceeds from maturities of investment securities                           91,562         69,931        93,245
    Proceeds from maturities of available for sale securities                1,600,165      1,091,054     1,186,319
    Purchases of investment securities                                         (89,816)       (65,506)      (92,648)
    Purchases of available for sale securities                              (6,966,218)    (5,576,035)   (2,909,791)
    Loans originated or acquired net of principal collected                  1,328,731     (1,043,001)     (936,018)
    Net payments or proceeds on derivative asset contracts                     497,034         63,109      (143,649)
    Net change in other investment assets                                            -             33            67
    Proceeds from disposition of assets                                         26,640         39,522        48,341
    Purchases of other assets                                                  (81,142)       (85,943)      (44,929)
    Cash and equivalents of subsidiaries and branches acquired and sold, net         -              -       (47,476)
------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- ------------- -------------
Net cash used in investing activities                                         (350,762)    (2,007,708)   (2,039,560)
------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- ------------- -------------
Cash Flows From Financing Activities:
    Net change in demand deposits, transaction deposits and                  1,950,871        670,712       860,612
       savings accounts
    Net change in time deposits                                             (1,407,380)       842,408      (291,822)
    Net change in other borrowings, banks                                      112,797        294,758     1,301,093
    Change in amount receivable (due) on unsettled security transactions       451,809       (219,510)     (117,491)
    Issuance of common and treasury stock, net                                   5,198          7,743        13,747
    Issuance of other borrowings, holding companies                                  -         50,000             -
    Pay down of other borrowings, holding companies                            (55,150)       (50,000)            -
    Issuance of subordinated debenture, net                                          -              -       248,618
    Pay down of subordinated debentures                                              -              -      (150,000)
    Net change in derivative margin accounts                                  (162,138)       244,413       (58,451)
    Net payments or proceeds on derivative liability contracts                (535,759)       (44,064)      152,873
    Tax benefit on exercise of stock options                                      (276)           895         3,460
    Repurchase of common stock                                                       -         (7,992)      (17,353)
    Dividends paid                                                             (63,952)       (59,191)      (50,416)
------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- ------------- -------------
Net cash provided by financing activities                                      296,020      1,730,172     1,894,870
------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- ------------- -------------
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                           226,274       (195,471)       93,087
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period                               694,942        890,413       797,326
------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- ------------- -------------
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period                                 $   921,216    $   694,942   $   890,413
------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- ------------- -------------

Cash paid for interest                                                     $   230,841    $   411,860   $   608,963
------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- ------------- -------------
Cash paid for taxes                                                            124,547        114,120       115,627
------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- ------------- -------------
Net loans and bank premises transferred to repossessed real estate             132,758         30,972         9,825
------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- ------------- -------------
Securities transferred from trading securities to available for sale
securities                                                                      45,890              -             -
------------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------- ------------- -------------
</TABLE>

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

<PAGE> 70

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Equity
(In Thousands)


<TABLE>
                                                                                               Accumulated
                                                                                                  Other
                                                                        Common Stock           Comprehensive
                                                                    Shares         Amount     Income (Loss)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                 <C>              <C>         <C>
December 31, 2006                                                    68,705           $4          $(73,444)
Effect of implementing FAS 157, net of tax                                -            -                -
Effect of implementing FIN 48                                             -            -                -
Comprehensive income:
   Net income attributed to BOK Financial Corp.                           -            -                -
   Net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interest             -            -                -
   Other comprehensive loss, net of tax                                   -            -           42,210
     Comprehensive income
Treasury stock purchase                                                   -            -                -
Exercise of stock options                                               760            -                -
Tax benefit on exercise of stock options                                  -            -                -
Stock-based compensation                                                  -            -                -
Cash dividends on common stock                                            -            -                -
 Capital calls, net                                                       -            -                -
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
December 31, 2007                                                    69,465            4          (31,234)
Effect of implementing FAS 159, net of tax                                -            -                -
Comprehensive income (loss):
   Net income attributed to BOK Financial Corp.                           -            -                -
   Net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interest             -            -                -
   Other comprehensive loss, net of tax                                   -            -         (191,652)
    Comprehensive loss
Treasury stock purchase                                                   -            -                -
Exercise of stock options                                               420            -                -
Tax benefit on exercise of stock options                                  -            -                -
Stock-based compensation                                                  -            -                -
Cash dividends on common stock                                            -            -                -
 Capital calls, net                                                       -            -                -
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
December 31, 2008                                                    69,885            4          (222,886)
Comprehensive income:
   Net income attributed to BOK Financial Corp.                           -            -                -
   Net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interest             -            -                -
   Other comprehensive income, net of tax                                 -            -          212,146
    Comprehensive income
Exercise of stock options                                               427            -                -
 Tax benefit on exercise of stock options                                 -            -                -
 Stock-based compensation                                                 -            -                -
 Cash dividends on common stock                                           -            -                -
 Capital calls, net                                                       -            -                -
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
December 31, 2009                                                    70,312           $4         $(10,740)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

<PAGE> 71







<TABLE>
                                                                                 Total           Non-
      Capital            Retained                 Treasury Stock             Shareholders'    Controlling      Total
                                        -----------------------------------
      Surplus            Earnings            Shares            Amount           Equity         Interest        Equity
-------------------- ------------------ ----------------- ----------------- ---------------- -------------- -------------
<S>                      <C>                  <C>              <C>             <C>            <C>            <C>
     $688,861           $1,166,994           1,637            $(61,393)       $1,721,022     $     13,852   $  1,734,874
            -                 (679)              -                   -              (679)               -           (679)
            -                 (609)              -                   -              (609)               -           (609)

            -              217,664               -                   -           217,664                -        217,664
            -                    -               -                   -                 -           (3,332)        (3,332)
            -                    -               -                   -            42,210                -         42,210
                                                                            ---------------- -------------- -------------
                                                                                 259,874           (3,332)       256,542
                                                                            ---------------- -------------- -------------
            -                    -             340             (17,353)          (17,353)               -        (17,353)
       23,429                    -             182              (9,682)           13,747                -         13,747
        3,460                    -               -                   -             3,460                -          3,460
        6,338                    -               -                   -             6,338                -          6,338
            -              (50,416)              -                   -           (50,416)               -        (50,416)
            -                    -               -                   -                 -            8,329          8,329
-------------------- ------------------ ----------------- ----------------- ---------------- -------------- -------------
      722,088            1,332,954           2,159             (88,428)        1,935,384           18,849      1,954,233
            -                   62               -                   -                62                -             62

            -              153,232               -                   -           153,232                -        153,232
            -                    -               -                   -                 -            7,552          7,552
            -                    -               -                   -          (191,652)               -       (191,652)
                                                                            ---------------- -------------- -------------
                                                                                 (38,420)           7,552        (30,868)
                                                                            ---------------- -------------- -------------
            -                    -             166              (7,992)           (7,992)               -         (7,992)
       12,652                    -              87              (4,909)            7,743                -          7,743
          895                    -               -                   -               895                -            895
        7,776                    -               -                   -             7,776                -          7,776
            -              (59,191)              -                   -           (59,191)               -        (59,191)
            -                    -               -                   -                 -          (12,546)       (12,546)
-------------------- ------------------ ----------------- ----------------- ---------------- -------------- -------------
      743,411            1,427,057           2,412            (101,329)        1,846,257           13,855      1,860,112

            -              200,578               -                   -           200,578                -        200,578
            -                    -               -                   -                 -           (3,438)        (3,438)
            -                    -               -                   -           212,146                -        212,146
                                                                            ---------------- -------------- -------------
                                                                                 412,724           (3,438)       409,286
                                                                            ---------------- -------------- -------------
        9,726                    -              97              (4,528)            5,198                -          5,198
         (276)                   -               -                   -              (276)               -           (276)
        5,862                    -               -                   -             5,862                -          5,862
            -              (63,952)              -                   -           (63,952)               -        (63,952)
            -                    -               -                   -                 -            9,144          9,144
-------------------- ------------------ ----------------- ----------------- ---------------- -------------- -------------
   $  758,723          $ 1,563,683           2,509           $(105,857)     $  2,205,813        $  19,561   $  2,225,374
-------------------- ------------------ ----------------- ----------------- ---------------- -------------- -------------
</TABLE>

<PAGE> 72

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(1) Significant Accounting Policies

Basis of Presentation
The Consolidated Financial Statements of BOK Financial Corporation ("BOK
Financial" or "the Company") have been prepared in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States, including general practices
of the banking industry. The consolidated financial statements include the
accounts of BOK Financial and its subsidiaries, principally Bank of Oklahoma,
N.A. and its subsidiaries ("BOk"), Bank of Texas, N.A., Bank of Arkansas, N.A.,
Bank of Albuquerque, N.A., Colorado State Bank and Trust, N.A., Bank of Arizona,
N.A., Bank of Kansas City, N.A., and BOSC, Inc. All significant intercompany
transactions are eliminated in consolidation.

The consolidated financial statements would also include the assets,
liabilities, non-controlling interests and results of operations of variable
interest entities ("VIEs") when BOK Financial is determined to be the primary
beneficiary. Variable interest entities are generally defined as entities that
either do not have sufficient equity to finance their activities without support
from other parties or whose equity investors lack a controlling financial
interest. BOK Financial is not the primary beneficiary in any VIE that would be
significant to its operations.

Nature of Operations

BOK Financial, through its subsidiaries, provides a wide range of financial
services to commercial and industrial customers, other financial institutions
and consumers throughout Oklahoma; Northwest Arkansas; Dallas, Fort Worth and
Houston, Texas; Albuquerque, New Mexico; Denver, Colorado; Phoenix, Arizona; and
Kansas City, Kansas/Missouri. These services include depository and cash
management; lending and lease financing; mortgage banking; securities brokerage,
trading and underwriting; and personal and corporate trust.

Use of Estimates

Preparation of BOK Financial's consolidated financial statements requires
management to make estimates of future economic activities, including loan
collectibility, prepayments and cash flows from customer accounts. These
estimates are based upon current conditions and information available to
management. Actual results may differ significantly from these estimates.

Acquisitions

Assets and liabilities acquired, including identifiable intangible assets, are
recorded at fair value on the acquisition dates. Goodwill is recognized as the
excess of the purchase price over the net fair value of assets acquired and
liabilities assumed. The Consolidated Statements of Earnings include the results
of operations from the dates of acquisition.

Intangible Assets

Intangible assets, which generally result from business combinations, are
accounted for under the provisions of Accounting Standards Codification Topic
350, "Intangibles - Goodwill and Other." Intangible assets with indefinite
lives, such as goodwill, are evaluated for each of BOK Financial's business
units for impairment annually or more frequently if conditions indicate
impairment. The evaluation of possible impairment of intangible assets involves
significant judgment based upon short-term and long-term projections of future
performance.

The fair value of BOK Financial's reporting units is estimated by the discounted
future earnings method. Income growth is projected for each unit and a terminal
value is computed. This projected income stream is converted to current fair
value by using a discount rate that reflects a rate of return required by a
willing buyer. Assumptions used to determine the fair value of the reporting
units are compared to observable inputs, such as the market value of BOK
Financial common stock. However, determination of the fair value of individual
reporting units requires the use of significant unobservable inputs. There have
been no changes in the techniques used to value goodwill.

Core deposit intangible assets are amortized using accelerated methods over the
estimated lives of the acquired deposits. These assets generally have a weighted
average life of 5 years. Other intangible assets are amortized using accelerated
or straight-line methods, as appropriate, over the estimated benefit periods.
These periods range from 5 years to 20 years. The net book values of core
deposit intangible assets are evaluated for impairment when economic conditions
indicate impairment may exist.

<PAGE> 73

Cash Equivalents

Due from banks, funds sold (generally federal funds sold for one-day periods)
and resell agreements (which generally mature within one to 30 days) are
considered cash equivalents.

Securities

Securities are identified as trading, investment (held to maturity) or available
for sale at the time of purchase based upon the intent of management, liquidity
and capital requirements, regulatory limitations and other relevant factors.
Trading securities, which are acquired for profit through resale, are carried at
market value with unrealized gains and losses included in current period
earnings. Investment securities are carried at amortized cost. Amortization is
computed by methods that approximate level yield and is adjusted for changes in
prepayment estimates. Investment securities may be sold or transferred to
trading or available for sale classification in certain limited circumstances
specified in generally accepted accounting principles. Securities identified as
available for sale are carried at fair value. Unrealized gains and losses are
recorded, net of deferred income taxes, as accumulated other comprehensive
income (loss) in shareholders' equity.

Unrealized losses on securities are evaluated to determine if the losses are
temporary based on various factors, including the cause of the loss, prospects
for recovery, projected cash flows, collateral values, credit enhancements and
other relevant factors, and management's intent and ability not to sell the
security until the fair value exceeds amortized cost. A charge is recognized
against earnings for all or a portion of the impairment if the loss is
determined to be other than temporary. Realized gains and losses on sales of
securities are based upon the amortized cost of the specific security sold.
Available for sale securities are separately identified as pledged to creditors
if the creditor has the right to sell or re-pledge the collateral.

Certain mortgage-backed securities, identified as mortgage trading securities,
have been designated as economic hedges of mortgage servicing rights. We have
elected to carry these securities at fair value with changes in fair value
recognized in current period income. These securities are held with the intent
that gains or losses will offset changes in the fair value of mortgage servicing
rights.

The purchase or sale of securities is recognized on a trade date basis. A net
receivable or payable is recognized for subsequent transaction settlement. BOK
Financial will periodically commit to purchase to-be-announced mortgage-backed
securities. These commitments are carried at fair value if they are considered
derivative contracts. These commitments are not reflected in BOK Financial's
balance sheet until settlement date if they meet specific criteria exempting
them from the definition of derivative contracts.

Derivative Instruments

Derivative instruments may be used by the Company as part of its interest rate
risk management programs or may be offered to customers. All derivative
instruments are carried at fair value. The determination of fair value of
derivative instruments considers changes in interest rates, commodity prices and
foreign exchange rates. Credit risk is also considered in determining fair
value. Deterioration in the credit rating of customers or other counterparties
reduces the fair value of asset contracts. Deterioration of our credit rating to
below investment grade or the credit ratings of other counterparties could
decrease the fair value of our derivative liabilities. Changes in fair value are
generally reported in income as they occur.

Derivative instruments used to manage interest rate risk consist primarily of
interest rate swaps. These contracts modify the interest income or expense of
certain assets or liabilities. Amounts receivable from or payable to
counterparties are reported in interest income or expense using the accrual
method. Changes in fair value of interest rate swaps are reported in other
operating revenue - gain (loss) on derivatives, net.

In certain circumstances, an interest rate swap may be designated as a fair
value hedge and may qualify for hedge accounting. In these circumstances,
changes in the full fair value of the hedged asset or liability, not only
changes in fair value due to changes in the benchmark interest rate, is also
recognized in earnings and may partially or completely offset changes in fair
value of the interest rate swap. A fair value hedge is considered effective if
the cumulative fair value adjustment of the interest rate swap is within a range
of 80% to 120% of the cumulative change in the fair value of the hedged asset or
liability. Any ineffectiveness, including ineffectiveness due to credit risk or
ineffectiveness created when the fixed rate of the hedged asset or liability
does not match the fixed rate of the interest rate swap, is recognized in
earnings in the income statement line item "Gain (loss) on derivatives, net."

Interest rate swaps may be designated as cash flow hedges of variable rate
assets or liabilities, or of anticipated transactions. Changes in the fair value
of interest rate swaps designated as cash flow hedges are recorded in
accumulated other comprehensive income to the extent they are effective. The
amount recorded in other comprehensive income is reclassified to earnings in the
same periods as the hedged cash flows impact earnings. The ineffective portion
of changes in fair value is reported in current earnings.

<PAGE> 74

If a derivative instrument that had been designated as a fair value hedge is
terminated or if the hedge designation is removed or deemed to no longer be
effective, the difference between the hedged items carrying value and its face
amount is recognized into income over the remaining original hedge period.
Similarly, if a derivative instrument that had been designated as a cash flow
hedge is terminated or if the hedge designation is removed or deemed to no
longer be effective, the amount remaining in accumulated other comprehensive
income is reclassified to earnings in the same period as the hedged item.

BOK Financial also enters into mortgage loan commitments that are considered
derivative instruments. Forward sales contracts are used to hedge these mortgage
loan commitments as well as mortgage loans held for sale. Mortgage loan
commitments are carried at fair value based upon quoted prices, excluding the
value of loan servicing rights or other ancillary values. Changes in fair value
of the mortgage loan commitments and forward sales contracts are reported in
other operating revenue - mortgage banking revenue.

BOK Financial offers programs to permit its customer to manage various risks,
including fluctuations in energy, cattle and other agricultural products,
interest rates and foreign exchanges rates, or to take positions in derivative
contracts. Derivative contracts are executed between the customers and BOK
Financial. Offsetting contracts are executed between BOK Financial and other
selected counterparties to minimize its risk of changes in commodity prices,
interest rates or foreign exchange rates. The counterparty contracts are
identical to customer contracts, except for a fixed pricing spread or fee paid
to BOK Financial as profit and compensation for administrative costs and credit
risk which is recognized over the life of the contracts and included in other
operating revenue - brokerage and trading revenue.

When bilateral netting agreements exist between the Company and its
counterparties that create a single legal claim or obligation to pay or receive
the net amount in settlement of the individual derivative contracts, the Company
reports derivative assets and liabilities on a net by counterparty basis.

Derivative contracts may also require the Company to provide or receive cash
margin as collateral for derivative assets and liabilities. Derivative assets
and liabilities are reported net of cash margin when certain conditions are met.

Loans

Loans are either secured or unsecured based on the type of loan and the
financial condition of the borrower. Repayment is generally expected from cash
flow or proceeds from the sale of selected assets of the borrower. BOK Financial
is exposed to risk of loss on loans due to the borrower's difficulties, which
may arise from any number of factors, including problems within the respective
industry or local economic conditions. Access to collateral, in the event of
borrower default, is reasonably assured through adherence to applicable lending
laws and through sound lending standards and credit review procedures.

Interest is accrued at the applicable interest rate on the principal amount
outstanding. Loans are placed on nonaccrual status when, in the opinion of
management, full collection of principal or interest is uncertain, generally
when the collection of principal or interest is 90 days or more past due.
Interest previously accrued but not collected is charged against interest income
when the loan is placed on nonaccrual status. Payments on nonaccrual loans are
applied to principal or reported as interest income, according to management's
judgment as to the collectability of principal. Loans may be returned to
accruing status when, in the opinion of management, full collection of principal
and interest is probable based on improvements in the borrower's financial
condition or a sustained period of performance.

Loan origination and commitment fees and direct loan acquisition and origination
costs are deferred and amortized as an adjustment to yield over the life of the
loan or over the commitment period, as applicable.

Mortgage loans originated by our mortgage banking unit are held for sale and are
carried at fair value based on sales commitments or market quotes. Changes in
fair value are recorded in other operating revenue - mortgage banking revenue.

Reserve for Loan Losses and Off-Balance Sheet Credit Losses

Reserves for loan losses and off-balance sheet credit losses are assessed by
management, based upon an ongoing quarterly evaluation of the probable estimated
losses inherent in the portfolio, and include probable losses on both
outstanding loans and unused commitments to provide financing. A consistent
methodology has been developed that includes reserves assigned to specific
criticized loans, general reserves that are based upon statistical migration
analyses for each category of loans, and a nonspecific allowance that is based
upon an analysis of current economic conditions, loan concentrations, portfolio
growth and other relevant factors. The reserve for loan losses is based on
discounted cash flows using the loan's initial effective interest rate, the fair
value of the collateral for certain collateral dependent loans, or historical
statistics.

Loans are considered to be impaired when it becomes probable that BOK Financial
will be unable to collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of
the loan agreement. This is substantially the same criteria used to determine
when a loan should be placed on nonaccrual status. This evaluation is inherently
subjective as it requires material estimates including the amounts and timing of
future cash flows expected to be received on impaired loans that may be
susceptible to significant change.

<PAGE> 75

Management has excluded small balance, homogeneous loans from the impairment
evaluation. Such loans include 1-4 family mortgage loans, consumer loans and
commercial loans with committed amounts less than $1 million. The adequacy of
the reserve for loan losses applicable to these loans is evaluated in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles and standards established by the
banking regulatory authorities and adopted as policy by BOK Financial.

A provision for credit losses is charged against earnings in amounts necessary
to maintain adequate reserves for loan and off-balance sheet credit losses.
Loans are charged off when the loan balance or a portion of the loan balance is
no longer covered by the paying capacity of the borrower based on an evaluation
of available cash resources and collateral value. Loans are evaluated quarterly
and charge-offs are taken in the quarter in which the loss is identified.
Additionally, all unsecured or under-secured loans that are past due by 180 days
or more are charged off within 30 days. Recoveries of loans previously charged
off are added to the reserve.

Transfers of Financial Assets

BOK Financial transfers financial assets as part of its mortgage banking
activities and periodically may transfer other financial assets. Transfers are
recorded as sales for financial reporting purposes when the criteria for
surrender of control are met. BOK Financial may retain the right to service the
assets and may incur a recourse obligation. The Company may also retain a
residual interest in excess cash flows generated by the assets. All assets
obtained, including cash, servicing rights and residual interests, and all
liabilities incurred, including recourse obligations, are initially recognized
at fair value, all assets transferred are derecognized and any gain or loss on
the sale is recognized in earnings. Subsequently, servicing rights and residual
interests are carried at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in
earnings as they occur. A separate reserve is maintained as part of other
liabilities for the Company's credit risk on loans transferred subject to a
recourse obligation.

Real Estate and Other Repossessed Assets

Real estate and other repossessed assets are assets acquired in partial or total
forgiveness of loans. These assets are carried at the lower of cost, which is
determined by fair value at date of foreclosure, or current fair value. Fair
values are generally evaluated annually, or more frequently for certain asset
types or assets located in certain distressed markets. Additional costs incurred
to complete real estate and other repossessed assets may increase the carrying
value, up to current fair value. Income generated by these assets is recognized
as received, and operating expenses are recognized as incurred.

Premises and Equipment

Premises and equipment are carried at cost including capitalized interest, when
appropriate, less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and
amortization are computed on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful
lives of the assets or, for leasehold improvements, over the shorter of the
estimated useful lives or remaining lease terms. Useful lives range from 5 years
to 40 years for buildings and improvements, 3 years to 7 years for software and
3 years to 10 years for furniture and equipment. Repair and maintenance costs
are charged to expense as incurred.

Rent expense for leased premises is recognized as incurred over the lease term.
The effects of rent holidays, significant rent escalations and other adjustments
to rent payments are recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

Mortgage Servicing Rights

Mortgage servicing rights may be purchased or may be recognized when mortgage
loans are originated pursuant to an existing plan for sale or, if no such plan
exists, when the mortgage loans are sold. Originated mortgage servicing rights
are initially recognized at fair value. Purchased servicing rights are initially
recognized at purchase price. All mortgage servicing rights are subsequently
carried at fair value. Changes in the fair value are recognized in earnings as
they occur.

There is no active market for trading in mortgage servicing rights after
origination. A cash flow model is used to determine fair value. Key assumptions
and estimates, including projected prepayment speeds and assumed servicing
costs, earnings on escrow deposits, ancillary income and discount rates, used by
this model are based on current market sources. Assumptions used to value
mortgage servicing rights are considered significant unobservable inputs. A
separate third party model is used to estimate prepayment speeds based on
interest rates, housing turnover rates, estimated loan curtailment, anticipated
defaults and other relevant factors. The prepayment model is updated daily for
changes in market conditions and adjusted to better correlate with actual
performance of BOK Financial's servicing portfolio. At least annually, we
request estimates of fair value from outside sources to corroborate the results
of the valuation model. There have been no changes in the techniques used to
value mortgage servicing rights.

<PAGE> 76

Federal and State Income Taxes

BOK Financial and its subsidiaries file consolidated tax returns. The
subsidiaries provide for income taxes on a separate return basis and remit to
BOK Financial amounts determined to be currently payable.

Income tax expense is based on an effective tax rate that considers statutory
federal and state income tax rates and permanent differences between income and
expense recognition for financial reporting and income tax purposes. The amount
of income tax expense recognized in any period may differ from amounts reported
to taxing authorities.

BOK Financial has a reserve for uncertain tax positions, which is included in
accrued current income taxes payable, for the uncertain portion of recorded tax
benefits and related interest. These uncertainties result from the application
of complex tax laws, rules, regulations and interpretations, primarily in state
taxing jurisdictions. The adequacy of this reserve is assessed quarterly and may
be adjusted through current income tax expense in future periods based on
changing facts and circumstances, completion of examinations by taxing
authorities or expiration of a statute of limitations. Estimated penalties and
interest on uncertain tax positions are recognized in income tax expense.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based upon the difference
between the values of the assets and liabilities as reflected in the financial
statements and their related tax basis using enacted tax rates in effect for the
year in which the differences are expected to be recovered or settled. As
changes in tax law or rates are enacted, deferred tax assets and liabilities are
adjusted through the provision for income taxes. A valuation allowance is
provided when it is more likely than not that some portion or the entire
deferred tax asset will not be realized.

Employee Benefit Plans

BOK Financial sponsors a defined benefit cash balance pension plan ("Pension
Plan"), qualified profit sharing plan ("Thrift Plan") and employee healthcare
plans. Pension Plan costs, which are based upon actuarial computations of
current costs, are expensed annually. Unrecognized prior service cost and net
gains or losses are amortized on a straight-line basis over the lesser of the
average remaining service periods of the participants or 10 years. Employer
contributions to the Pension Plan are in accordance with Federal income tax
regulations. Pension Plan benefits were curtailed as of April 1, 2006. No
participants may be added to the Pension Plan and no additional service benefits
will be accrued.

BOK Financial recognizes the funded status of its employee benefit plans. For a
pension plan, the funded status is the difference between the fair value of plan
assets and the projected benefit obligation measured as of the fiscal year-end
date. Adjustments required to recognize the Pension Plan's net funded status are
made through accumulated other comprehensive income, net of deferred income
taxes.

Employer contributions to the Thrift Plan, which matches employee contributions
subject to percentage and years of service limits, are expensed when incurred.
BOK Financial recognizes the expense of health care benefits on the accrual
method.

Stock Compensation Plans

BOK Financial awards stock options and non-vested common shares as compensation
to certain officers. Grant date fair value of stock options is based on the
Black-Scholes option pricing model. Stock options generally have graded vesting
over 7 years. Each tranche is considered a separate award for valuation and
compensation cost recognition. Grant date fair value of non-vested shares is
based on the current market value of BOK Financial common stock. Non-vested
shares generally cliff vest in 5 years.

Compensation cost is recognized as expense over the service period, which is
generally the vesting period. Expense is reduced for estimated forfeitures over
the vesting period and adjusted for actual forfeitures as they occur.
Stock-based compensation awarded to certain officers has performance conditions
that affect the number of awards granted. Compensation cost is adjusted based on
the probable outcome of the performance conditions. Excess tax benefits from
share-based payments recognized in capital surplus are determined by the excess
of tax benefits recognized over the tax effect of compensation cost recognized.

Certain executive officers may defer the recognition of income from stock-based
compensation for income tax purposes and to diversify the deferred income into
alternative investments. Stock-based compensation granted to these officers is
considered liability awards. Changes in the fair value of liability awards are
recognized as compensation expense in the period of the change.

Other Operating Revenue

Fees and commission revenue is recognized at the time the related services are
provided or products are sold and may be accrued when necessary. Accrued fees
and commissions are reversed against revenue if amounts are subsequently deemed
to be uncollectible. Revenue is recognized on a gross basis whenever we have
primary responsibility and risk in providing the services or products to our
customers and on a net basis whenever we act as a broker for products or
services of others.

<PAGE> 77

Brokerage and trading revenue includes changes in the fair value of securities
held for trading purposes and derivatives held for customer risk management
programs, including credit losses on trading securities and derivatives,
commissions earned from the retail sale of securities, mutual funds and other
financial instruments, and underwriting and financial advisory fees.

Trust fees and commissions include revenue from asset management, custody,
recordkeeping, investment advisory and administration services. Revenue is
recognized on an accrual basis at the time the services are performed and may be
based on either the fair value of the account or the service provided.

Deposit service charges and fees are recognized at least quarterly in accordance
with our published deposit account agreement and disclosure statement for retail
accounts or contractual agreement for commercial accounts. Item charges for
overdraft or non-sufficient funds items are recognized as items are presented
for payment. Account balance charges and activity fees are accrued monthly and
collected in arrears. Commercial account activity fees may be offset by an
earnings credit based on account balances.


Effect of Recently Issued Statements of Financial Accounting Standards

Financial Accounting Standards Board

Accounting  Standards  Codification 805, "Business  Combinations" ("ASC 805" and
formerly  Statement  of  Financial   Accounting  Standards  No.  141,  "Business
Combinations (Revised 2007),"("FAS 141R"))

FAS 141R was codified by the FASB as ASC 805 as a replacement to Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards No. 141, "Business Combinations," ("FAS 141") and
applies to all transactions and other events in which one entity obtains control
over one or more other businesses. ASC 805 requires an acquirer, upon initially
obtaining control of another entity, to recognize the assets, liabilities and
any non-controlling interest in the acquiree at fair value as of the acquisition
date. Banks may no longer carry over the pre-acquisition allowance for loan
losses. Contingent consideration is required to be recognized and measured at
fair value on the date of acquisition rather than at a later date. Acquirers are
required to expense acquisition-related costs as incurred rather than allocating
such costs to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The requirements of
FASB Accounting Standards Codification 420, "Exit or Disposal Cost Obligations,"
(formerly Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 146, "Accounting for
Costs Associated with Exit or Disposal Activities") would have to be met in
order to accrue for a restructuring plan in purchase accounting. Certain
pre-acquisition contingencies are to be recognized at fair value. Other
contingencies would be subject to the probable and estimable recognition
criteria of FASB Accounting Standards Codification 450, "Contingencies"
(formerly Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 5, "Accounting for
Contingencies"). ASC 805 was applicable to the Company's accounting for business
combinations closing on or after January 1, 2009. No such transactions were
completed during 2009.

Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 160,"Non-controlling Interest in
Consolidated Financial Statements - An Amendment of ARB No. 51" ("FAS 160")

Issued during 2007, FAS 160 was codified by FASB into Accounting Standards
Codification 810, "Consolidations," to establish accounting and reporting
standards for the non-controlling interest in a subsidiary and for the
deconsolidation of a subsidiary. It clarifies that a non-controlling interest in
a subsidiary, which is sometimes referred to as minority interest, is an
ownership interest in the consolidated entity that should be reported as a
component of equity in the consolidated financial statements. Among other
requirements, consolidated net income is required to be reported at amounts that
included the amounts attributable to both the parent and the non-controlling
interest. It also requires disclosure, on the face of the consolidated income
statement, of the amounts of consolidated net income attributable to the parent
and to the non-controlling interest. The Company adopted this guidance as of
January 1, 2009, and it did not have a significant impact on the Company's
financial statements. All prior periods have been reclassified for a consistent
presentation.

Accounting  Standards   Codification   815-10-50   "Derivatives  and  Hedging  -
Disclosures"  ("ASC  815-10-50" and formerly  Statement of Financial  Accounting
Standards  No.  161,  "Disclosure  About  Derivative   Instruments  and  Hedging
Activities, an Amendment of FASB Statement No. 133," ("FAS 161")

FAS 161 was codified by FASB as ASC 815-10-50 to provide greater transparency
about (i) how and why an entity uses derivative instruments, (ii) how derivative
instruments and related hedge items are accounted for under FASB Accounting
Standards Codification 815, "Derivatives and Hedging" and (iii) how derivative
instruments and related hedged items affect an entity's financial position,
results of operations and cash flows. To meet those objectives, ASC 815-10-50
requires qualitative disclosures about objectives and strategies for using
derivatives, quantitative disclosures about fair value amounts of gains and
losses on derivative instruments and disclosures about credit-risk-related
contingent features in derivative agreements. ASC 815-10-50 was effective for
the Company as of January 1, 2009. It did not have a significant impact on the
Company's financial statements.

<PAGE> 78

Financial Accounting Standards Board Staff Position No. FAS 157-4,  "Determining
Fair Value When the Volume and Level of Activity for the Asset or Liability Have
Significantly Decreased and Identifying Transactions That are Not Orderly" ("FSP
157-4")

FSP 157-4 was codified by FASB into the FASB Accounting Standards Codification
820 "Fair Value Measurements." ("ASC 820"). It was issued April 9, 2009 to
provide guidance for determining fair value when there is no active market or
where price inputs represent distressed sales. It reaffirms the fair value
measurement objective that fair value represents how much an asset would be sold
for in an orderly transaction under current market conditions. The guidance was
effective for interim and annual periods ending after June 15, 2009. Early
adoption for interim and annual periods ending after March 15, 2009 was
permitted. The Company adopted this guidance as of March 31, 2009. It did not
have a significant impact on the Company's financial statements.

Financial  Accounting Standards Board Staff Position No. FAS 115-2 and FAS 124-2
"Recognition and  Presentation of  Other-Than-Temporary  Impairments"  ("FSP No.
115-2")

FSP 115-2 was codified by FASB into the FASB Accounting Standards Codification
320, "Investments - Debt and Equity Securities." It was issued April 9, 2009 to
provide additional guidance and create greater clarity and consistency in
accounting for impairment losses on securities. It replaces the assertion of
intent and ability to hold an impaired debt security until fair value recovers
with assertions that the holder does not intend to sell the security prior to
recovery and that it is more likely than not that the holder will not be
required to sell the impaired security prior to recovery. The full impairment
loss is recognized in earnings if the holder is unable to make these assertions.
Otherwise, a credit loss portion of the impairment is recognized in earnings and
the remaining impairment is recognized in other comprehensive income (equity).
The guidance was effective for interim and annual periods ending after June 15,
2009 and required additional disclosures in interim periods. Early adoption for
interim and annual periods ending after March 15, 2009 was permitted. The
Company adopted this guidance as of January 1, 2009 and reduced the loss
recognized in earnings on debt securities determined to be
other-than-temporarily impaired by $39 million.

FSP FAS 107-1 and APB 28-1,  "Interim  Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial
Instruments" ("FSP107-1")

FSP 107-1 was codified into the FASB Accounting Standards Codification 820,
"Fair Value Measurements" ("ASC 820") and enhances consistency in financial
reporting by increasing the frequency of fair value disclosures for any
financial instruments that are not currently reflected on the balance sheet at
fair value. It requires disclosures in interim financial statements that were
previously only required in annual financial statements to provide qualitative
and quantitative information about fair value estimates. The guidance included
in ASC 820 was effective for interim and annual periods ending after June 15,
2009. Early adoption for interim and annual periods ending after March 15, 2009
was permitted. The Company adopted the guidance included in ASC 820 as of June
30, 2009. It did not have a significant impact on the Company's financial
statements.

Financial Accounting Standards Board Staff Position No. EITF 03-6-1 "Determining
Whether   Instruments   Granted  in   Share-Based   Payment   Transactions   Are
Participating Securities" ("FSP No. EITF 03-6-1")

FSP No. EITF 03-6-1 provides that unvested share-based payment awards that
contain non-forfeitable rights to dividends or dividend equivalents (whether
paid or unpaid) are participating securities and shall be included in the
computation of earnings per share pursuant to the two-class method. FSP EITF
03-6-1 became effective on January 1, 2009 and was codified by FASB into the
Accounting Standards Codification 260, "Earnings per Share." See additional
discussion at Note 16 - Earnings per Share.

Accounting  Standards  Codification  855  "Subsequent  Events"  ("ASC  855"  and
formerly  Statement  of  Financial  Accounting  Standards  No. 165,  "Subsequent
Events" ("FAS 165")

On May 28, 2009, the FASB issued FAS 165 to provide authoritative accounting
guidance on management's assessment of subsequent events. FAS 165 was codified
by FASB into ASC 855 which incorporates existing U.S. auditing literature and
clarifies that management is responsible for evaluating, as of each reporting
period, events or transactions that occur after the balance sheet date through
the date that the financial statements are issued or are available to be issued.
ASC 855 was effective for the Company as of June 30, 2009 and did not have a
significant impact on the Company's financial statements.

Accounting  Standards Update No. 2009-05,  "Topic 820 - Fair Value  Measurements
and Disclosures - Measuring Liabilities at Fair Value" ("ASU 2009-05")

ASU 2009-05 provides clarification that the fair value measurement of
liabilities in which a quoted price in an active market for the identical
liability is not available should be developed based on a valuation technique
that uses the quoted price of the identical liability when traded as an asset or
quoted prices for similar liabilities when traded as assets or another valuation
technique that is consistent with the principles of Topic 820 - Fair Value
Measurements and Disclosures. ASU 2009-05 also clarifies that there is no
requirement to adjust the fair value related to the existence of a restriction
that prevents the transfer of the liability and that both a quoted price in an
active market for the identical liability at the measurement date and the quoted
price for the identical liability when traded as an asset in an active market
when no

<PAGE> 79

adjustments to the quoted price of the asset are required are Level 1
fair value measurements. This guidance was effective for the Company as of
September 30, 2009 and did not have a significant impact on the Company's
financial statements.

Accounting  Standards Update No. 2009-12,  "Topic 820 - Fair Value  Measurements
and Disclosures - Investments in Certain Entities That Calculate Net Asset Value
per Share (or Its Equivalent)" ("ASU 2009-12")

ASU 2009-12 permits, as a practical expedient, fair value of an investment that
is within the scope of the ASU such as hedge funds, private equity funds, real
estate funds, venture capital funds, offshore fund vehicles and fund of funds to
be measured based on the net asset value of the investment or its equivalent as
of the reporting entity's measurement date. It also requires certain disclosures
including any restrictions on the investor's ability to redeem its investments
at the measurement date, any unfunded commitments and the investment strategies
of the investees. ASU 2009-12 is effective for interim and annual periods ending
December 15, 2009. Early application is permitted. The Company's adoption of ASU
2009-12 as of December 31, 2009 did not have a significant impact on the
Company's financial statements.

FASB  Accounting  Standards  Update No.  2009-16,  "Accounting  for Transfers of
Financial Assets" ("ASU 2009-16")

ASU 2009-16 codifies Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 166,
"Accounting for Transfers of Financial Assets - an amendment to Statement No.
140," which amended Financial Accounting Standards No. 140, "Accounting for
Transfers and Servicing of Financial Assets and Extinguishments of Liabilities,"
to enhance reporting about transfers of financial assets, including
securitizations, and where companies have continuing exposure to the risks
related to transferred financial assets. The standard eliminates the concept of
a "qualifying special-purpose entity" and changes the requirements for
derecognizing financial assets. It also requires additional disclosures about
all continuing involvement with transferred financial assets including
information about gains and losses resulting from transfers during the period.
ASU 2009-16 was effective January 1, 2010 and did not have a significant impact
on the Company's financial statements.

FASB  Accounting  Standards  Update  No.  2009-17,  "Improvements  to  Financial
Reporting  by  Enterprises  Involved  With  Variable  Interest  Entities"  ("ASU
2009-17")

ASU 2009-17 codifies Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 167,
"Amendments to FASB Interpretation No. 46(R)," ("FAS 167") which amended
Financial Accounting Standards Interpretation No. 46 (Revised December 2003),
"Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities," to change how a company
determines when an entity that is insufficiently capitalized or is not
controlled through voting (or similar rights) should be consolidated. The
determination of whether a company is required to consolidate an entity is based
on, among other things, an entity's purpose and design and a company's ability
to direct the activities of the entity that most significantly impact the
entity's economic performance. The standard requires additional disclosures
about the reporting entity's involvement with variable-interest entities and any
significant changes in risk exposure due to that involvement as well as its
affect on the entity's financial statements. ASU 2009-17 was effective January
1, 2010 and did not have a significant impact on the Company's financial
statements.

FASB Accounting Standards Update No. 2010-06,  "Improving Disclosures About Fair
Value Measurements" ("ASU 2010-06")

ASU 2010-06 amends ASC 820 to add new disclosure requirements about transfers
into and out of Levels 1 and 2, as defined in ASC 820 and separate disclosures
about purchases, sales, issuance and settlements relating to Level 3
measurements, as defined in ASC 820. It also clarified existing fair value
disclosures about the level of disaggregation and about inputs and valuation
techniques used to measure fair value. ASU 2010-06 was effective for the Company
on January 1, 2010 with exception of the requirement to provide Level 3 activity
of purchases, sales, issuances, and settlement on a gross basis, which will be
effective for the Company on January 1, 2011. Early adoption is permitted.

<PAGE> 80

(2) Securities

Investment Securities

The amortized cost and fair values of investment securities are as follows (in
thousands):

<TABLE>
                                                            December 31,
                    ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                         2009                                           2008
                    ----------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------
                                           Not Recognized in OCI (1)                       Not Recognized in OCI (1)
                                          -------------------------                        -----------------------
                     Amortized    Fair        Gross Unrealized       Amortized     Fair       Gross Unrealized
                                          -------------------------                        -----------------------
                       Cost       Value       Gain        Loss         Cost       Value       Gain       Loss
                    ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Municipal and
<S>                   <C>      <C>           <C>        <C>          <C>         <C>          <C>      <C>
   other tax-exempt   $232,568 $  238,847    $6,336     $    (57)    $ 235,791   $239,178     $3,736   $   (349)
 Other debt securities   7,837      7,857        20            -         6,553      6,591         38          -
 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
       Total          $240,405   $246,704    $6,356     $    (57)     $242,344   $245,769     $3,774   $   (349)
 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

(1)  Other comprehensive income

The amortized cost and fair values of investment securities at December 31,
2009, by contractual maturity, are as shown in the following table (dollars in
thousands):

<TABLE>
                                                                                                         Weighted
                                  Less than       One to        Six to         Over                      Average
                                   One Year     Five Years    Ten Years     Ten Years       Total       Maturity(2)
                                 ------------- ------------- ------------- ------------- ------------- -------------
Municipal and other tax-exempt:
<S>                              <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>            <C>              <C>
  Amortized cost                 $  58,491     $  139,581    $  26,499     $   7,997      $ 232,568        2.83
  Fair value                        59,104        144,253       27,394         8,096        238,847
  Nominal yield(1)                      5.28           4.61         5.71          6.39           4.96
Other debt securities:
  Amortized cost                 $   6,399      $   1,425    $       -     $      13     $    7,837        0.92
  Fair value                         6,415          1,429            -            13          7,857
  Nominal yield                       0.85           5.09            -             -           1.62
                                 ------------- ------------- ------------- ------------- ------------- -------------
Total fixed maturity
securities:
  Amortized cost                 $  64,890     $  141,006    $  26,499     $   8,010     $  240,405        2.77
  Fair value                        65,519        145,682       27,394         8,109        246,704
  Nominal yield                       4.84           4.61         5.71          6.38           4.85
                                 ------------- ------------- ------------- -------------
Total investment securities:
  Amortized cost                                                                          $ 240,405
  Fair value                                                                                246,704
  Nominal yield                                                                                4.85
                                                                                         -------------
</TABLE>

(1) Calculated on a taxable equivalent basis using a 39% effective tax rate.
(2) Expected maturities may differ from contractual maturities, because
    borrowers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without
    penalty.

<PAGE> 81

Available for Sale Securities

The amortized cost and fair value of available for sale securities are as
follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
                                                                December 31,
                    -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                       2009                                                    2008
                    -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                               Recognized in OCI (1)
                                         ----------------------------------
                                                               Other Than                          Recognized in OCI (1)
                                                                                                   ----------------------
                    Amortized    Fair      Gross Unrealized    Temporary   Amortized      Fair       Gross Unrealized
                                         ----------------------                                    ----------------------
                       Cost      Value      Gain      Loss     Impairment     Cost        Value       Gain      Loss
                    -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                   <C>       <C>         <C>      <C>        <C>         <C>         <C>           <C>      <C>
U.S. Treasury         $  6,998  $  7,020    $   22   $     -    $      -    $  6,987    $  7,126      $  139   $     -
Municipal and other
     tax-exempt         61,268    62,201     1,244      (311)          -      19,537      20,163         664       (38)
Residential mortgage-backed securities:
    U. S. agencies:
     FNMA            3,690,280 3,782,180    98,764    (6,864)         -    2,194,834   2,225,589      37,855    (7,100)
     FHLMC           2,479,522 2,547,978    70,024    (1,568)         -    2,222,253   2,254,989      37,577    (4,841)
     GNMA            1,221,577 1,225,042    10,371    (6,906)         -      195,767     200,086       4,319         -
     Other             254,438   254,128     5,080    (5,390)         -      288,041     292,264       4,322       (99)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total U.S. agencies  7,645,817 7,809,328   184,239   (20,728)         -    4,900,895   4,972,928      84,073   (12,040)
    Private issue:
     Alt-A loans       262,106   195,808         -   (13,305)   (52,993)     393,118     268,545           -  (124,573)
     Jumbo-A loans     699,272   596,554         -   (71,023)   (31,695)   1,243,816     972,693          28  (271,151)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total private issue    961,378   792,362         -   (84,328)   (84,688)   1,636,934   1,241,238          28  (395,724)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total residential
  mortgage-backed
  securities        8,607,195  8,601,690    184,239  (105,056)  (84,688)   6,537,829   6,214,166      84,101  (407,764)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Other debt securities  17,174     17,147          -       (27)        -           37          36           -        (1)
Federal Reserve Bank
     stock              32,526    32,526         -         -          -       32,380      32,380           -         -
Federal Home Loan
     Bank stock         78,999    78,999         -         -          -       61,760      61,760           -         -
Perpetual preferred
     stock              19,224    22,275     3,051         -          -       32,472      21,701           -   (10,771)
Equity securities
     and mutual funds   35,414    50,165    15,275      (524)         -       31,421      34,119       2,698         -
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Total            $8,858,798$8,872,023 $ 203,831 $(105,918)  $(84,688)  $6,722,423  $6,391,451     $87,602 $(418,574)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

(1)  Other comprehensive income

<PAGE> 82

The amortized cost and fair values of available for sale securities at December
31, 2009, by contractual maturity, are as shown in the following table (dollars
in thousands):
<TABLE>
                                                                                                            Weighted
                                     Less than      One to         Six to         Over                       Average
                                     One Year     Five Years     Ten Years    Ten Years(6)      Total      Maturity(5)
                                    ------------ -------------- ------------- ------------- -------------- ------------
U.S. Treasuries:
<S>                                 <C>          <C>            <C>           <C>           <C>                <C>
   Amortized cost                   $   6,998    $       -      $        -    $       -     $     6,998        0.16
   Fair value                           7,020            -               -            -           7,020
   Nominal yield                         2.16            -               -            -            2.16
Municipal and other tax-exempt:
   Amortized cost                   $       -    $    4,046     $   15,892    $  41,330     $    61,268       19.41
   Fair value                               -         4,302         16,768       41,131          62,201
   Nominal yield(1)                         -          3.99           4.11         1.43            2.29
Other debt securities:
   Amortized cost                   $      25    $        6     $       -     $  17,143     $    17,174       29.94
   Fair value                              25             6             -        17,116          17,147
   Nominal yield(1)                      6.18          7.61             -          1.60            1.61
                                    ------------ -------------- ------------- ------------- -------------- ------------
Total fixed maturity securities:
   Amortized cost                   $   7,023    $    4,052     $   15,892    $  58,473     $    85,440       19.95
   Fair value                           7,045         4,308         16,768       58,247          86,368
   Nominal yield                         2.18          3.99           4.11         1.48            2.15
                                    ------------ -------------- ------------- -------------
Mortgage-backed securities:
   Amortized cost                                                                           $ 8,607,195          (2)
   Fair value                                                                                 8,601,690
   Nominal yield(4)                                                                                4.31
                                                                                            --------------
Equity securities and mutual funds:
   Amortized cost                                                                           $   166,163         (3)
   Fair value                                                                                   183,965
   Nominal yield                                                                                   2.34
                                                                                            --------------
Total available-for-sale securities:
   Amortized cost                                                                           $ 8,858,798
   Fair value                                                                                 8,872,023
   Nominal yield                                                                                   4.25
                                                                                            --------------
</TABLE>

(1)  Calculated on a taxable equivalent basis using a 39% effective tax rate.
(2)  The average  expected lives of  mortgage-backed  securities were 3.38 years
     based upon current prepayment assumptions.
(3)  Primarily restricted common stock of U.S. government agencies and preferred
     stock of corporate issuers with no stated maturity.
(4)  The nominal yield on  mortgage-backed  securities is based upon  prepayment
     assumptions  at  the  purchase  date.   Actual  yields  earned  may  differ
     significantly based upon actual prepayments.
(5)  Expected  maturities  may  differ  from  contractual  maturities,   because
     borrowers may have the right to call or prepay  obligations with or without
     penalty.
(6)  Nominal yield on municipal and other  tax-exempt  securities and other debt
     securities  with  contractual  maturity  dates  over ten years are based on
     variable rates which generally are reset within 35 days.

Sales of available for sale securities resulted in gains and losses as follows
(in thousands):

                                      2009        2008        2007
                                   ----------- ----------- -----------
Proceeds                           $3,242,282  $3,499,128   $  806,979
Gross realized gains                   63,859      21,128        2,862
Gross realized losses                   1,390      11,932        3,138
Related federal and state income
    tax expense (benefit)              24,300       2,736          (96)

Gains and losses on sales of available for sale securities are realized on
settlement date.

Gross realized gains for the year ended December 31, 2008 exclude $6.8 million
gain from the redemption of Visa, Inc. Class B common stock.

In addition to securities that have been reclassified as pledged to creditors,
securities with an amortized cost of $5.1 billion and $5.0 billion at December
31, 2009 and 2008, respectively, have been pledged as collateral for repurchase
agreements, public and trust funds on deposit and for other purposes, as
required by law. The secured parties do not have the right to sell or re-pledge
these securities.

<PAGE> 83

<TABLE>
Temporarily Impaired Securities as of December 31, 2009
(In Thousands)
                              Number      Less Than 12 Months       12 Months or Longer              Total
                                        ------------------------- ------------------------- -------------------------
                                of         Fair      Unrealized      Fair      Unrealized      Fair      Unrealized
                             Securities    Value        Loss         Value        Loss         Value        Loss
                             ---------- ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------
Investment:
  Municipal and
<S>                             <C>     <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
         other tax exempt           15  $     1,490   $     14    $   2,991    $      43    $   4,481     $      57

Available for sale:
  Municipal and
      other tax-exempt              27       34,373        265          657           46       35,030           311
  Residential mortgage-backed
      securities:
      U. S. agencies:
         FNMA                       21      497,659      6,864             -           -       497,659        6,864
         FHLMC                       8      212,618      1,568             -           -       212,618        1,568
         GNMA                       16      460,144      6,906             -           -       460,144        6,906
         Other                       4       87,434      5,390             -           -        87,434        5,390
---------------------------- ---------- ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------
      Total U.S. agencies           49    1,257,855     20,728             -           -     1,257,855       20,728
---------------------------- ---------- ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------
      Private issue:
         Alt-A loans                21           -           -       195,808      66,298       195,808       66,298
         Jumbo-A loans              65           -           -       596,554     102,718       596,554      102,718
---------------------------- ---------- ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------
      Total private issue           86           -           -       792,362     169,016       792,362      169,016
---------------------------- ---------- ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------
  Total residential
    mortgage-backed securities     135    1,257,855     20,728       792,362     169,016     2,050,217      189,744
---------------------------- ---------- ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------
  Other debt securities              5        8,116         26            31           1         8,147           27
  Equity securities and
        mutual funds                 4        2,790        524             -           -         2,790          524
---------------------------- ---------- ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------
    Total available for sale       171    1,303,134     21,543      793,050      169,063     2,096,184      190,606
---------------------------- ---------- ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------
Total                              186  $ 1,304,624  $  21,557    $ 796,041     $169,106    $2,100,665   $  190,663
---------------------------- ---------- ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------
</TABLE>


<TABLE>
Temporarily Impaired Securities as of December 31, 2008
(In Thousands)
                              Number      Less Than 12 Months       12 Months or Longer              Total
                                        ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------
                                of         Fair      Unrealized      Fair      Unrealized      Fair      Unrealized
                             Securities    Value        Loss         Value        Loss         Value        Loss
                             ---------- ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------
Investment:
  Municipal and
<S>                             <C>     <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>            <C>               <C>
      other tax exempt          63      $   10,331   $     147    $   7,914    $     202       $18,245      $   349


Available for sale:
  Municipal and
      other tax-exempt           4             645          30         1,269           8         1,914           38
  Residential mortgage-backed
      securities:
      U. S. agencies:
         FNMA                   31         484,689       6,266        65,219         834       549,908        7,100
         FHLMC                  28         273,829       3,413       152,222       1,428       426,051        4,841
         Other                   1          36,444          99             -           -        36,444           99
---------------------------- ---------- ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------
      Total U.S. agencies       60         794,962       9,778       217,441       2,262     1,012,403       12,040
---------------------------- ---------- ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------
      Private issue:
         Alt-A loans            27          24,655      16,251       243,890     108,322       268,545      124,573
         Jumbo-A loans          87         273,081      67,470       692,187     203,681       965,268      271,151
---------------------------- ---------- ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------
      Total private issue      114         297,736      83,721       936,077     312,003     1,233,813      395,724
---------------------------- ---------- ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------
  Total residential
    mortgage-backed securities 174       1,092,698      93,499     1,153,518     314,265     2,246,216      407,764
---------------------------- ---------- ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------
  Other debt securities          2               -           -            36           1            36            1
  Perpetual preferred stock     10           4,739       1,155        16,962       9,616        21,701       10,771
---------------------------- ---------- ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------
    Total available for sale   190       1,098,082      94,684     1,171,785     323,890     2,269,867      418,574
---------------------------- ---------- ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------
Total                          253      $1,108,413   $  94,831    $1,179,699  $  324,092    $2,288,112     $418,923
---------------------------- ---------- ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------
</TABLE>

<PAGE> 84

On a quarterly basis, the Company performs separate evaluations of impaired debt
and equity securities to determine if the unrealized losses are temporary.

For debt securities, management determines whether it intends to sell or if it
is more-likely-than-not that it will be required to sell impaired securities.
This determination considers current and forecasted liquidity requirements,
regulatory and capital requirements and securities portfolio management. During
2009, the Company recognized a $1.3 million other-than-temporary charge on $91
million of impaired debt securities that it intended to sell. These securities
were sold during the year. At December 31, 2009, the Company does not intend to
sell any impaired available for sale securities before fair value recovers to
our current amortized cost and it is more-likely-than-not that the Company will
not be required to sell impaired securities before fair value recovers.

For all impaired debt securities for which there was no intent or expected
requirement to sell, the evaluation considers all available evidence to assess
whether it is more likely than not that all amounts due would not be collected
according to the security's contractual terms.

As of December 31, 2009, the composition of the Company's securities portfolio
by the lowest current credit rating assigned by any of the three
nationally-recognized rating agencies is as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


                  U.S. Govt / GSE    AAA - AA        A - BBB     Below Investment      Not Rated             Total
                        (1)                                            Grade
                 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                 Amortized Fair  Amortized Fair  Amortized Fair  Amortized  Fair  Amortized    Fair   Amortized   Fair
                   Cost    Value   Cost   Value    Cost    Value   Cost    Value     Cost     Value     Cost      Value
                 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Held-to-Maturity:
Municipal and other
<S>                  <C>    <C>  <C>      <C>     <C>     <C>       <C>      <C>   <C>       <C>      <C>       <C>
   tax-exempt       $ -    $    -  $ 52,157  $53,771 $ 59,053 $60,366   $    -      $  -$121,358 $124,710    $232,568   $238,847
Other debt securities -         -         -        -    1,350   1,350        -         -   6,487    6,507       7,837      7,857
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Total            $ -    $    -  $ 52,157  $53,771 $ 60,403 $61,716   $    -      $  -$127,845 $131,217    $240,405   $246,704
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Available for Sale:
U.S. Treasury    $6,998  $  7,020   $     - $      - $      -  $    -  $     -   $     -  $    -    $   -    $  6,998   $  7,020
Municipal and
 other tax-exempt     -         -    41,445   42,293    7,761   7,850    9,818     9,724   2,244    2,334      61,268     62,201
Residential mortgage-backed
 securities:
    U. S. agencies:
     FNMA     3,690,280 3,782,180         -        -        -       -        -         -       -        -   3,690,280  3,782,180
     FHLMC    2,479,522 2,547,978         -        -        -       -        -         -       -        -   2,479,522  2,547,978
     GNMA     1,221,577 1,225,042         -        -        -       -        -         -       -        -   1,221,577  1,225,042
     Other      254,438   254,128         -        -        -       -        -         -       -        -     254,438    254,128
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total U.S.
agencies      7,645,817 7,809,328         -        -        -       -        -         -       -        -   7,645,817  7,809,328
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Private issue:
     Alt-A loans      -        -     22,444   19,601   13,254  12,585  226,408   163,622       -        -     262,106    195,808
     Jumbo-A loans    -        -    222,875  199,912  113,841 100,288  362,556   296,354       -        -     699,272    596,554
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total private issue   -        -    245,319  219,513  127,095 112,873  588,964   459,976       -        -     961,378    792,362
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Total residential
  mortgage-backed
  securities  7,645,817 7,809,328   245,319  219,513  127,095 112,873  588,964   459,976       -        -   8,607,195  8,601,690
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Other debt securities -         -    14,592   14,566       -        -    2,550     2,550      32       31      17,174     17,147
Federal Reserve
 Bank stock      32,526     32,526        -        -       -        -        -         -       -        -      32,526     32,526
Federal Home Loan
 Bank stock      78,999     78,999        -        -       -        -        -         -       -        -      78,999     78,999
Perpetual preferred
 stock                -          -        -        -   19,224   22,275       -         -       -        -      19,224     22,275
Equity securities
 and mutual funds     -          -        -        -        -        -       -         -  35,414   50,165      35,414     50,165
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Total     $7,764,340 $7,927,873 $301,356 $276,372 $154,080 $142,998 $601,332 $472,250 $37,690  $52,530  $8,858,798 $8,872,023
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>
(1)   U.S. government and government sponsored enterprises are not rated by the
      nationally-recognized rating agencies as these securities are guaranteed
      by agencies of the U.S. government or government-sponsored enterprises.

Impairment of debt securities rated investment grade by all
nationally-recognized rating agencies are considered temporary unless specific
contrary information is identified. None of the debt securities rated investment
grade were considered to be other-than-temporarily impaired at December 31,
2009.

<PAGE> 85


At December 31, 2009, approximately $589 million of the portfolio of privately
issued mortgage-backed securities (based on amortized cost after impairment
charges) was rated below investment grade by at least one of the
nationally-recognized rating agencies. The aggregate unrealized loss on these
securities totaled $129 million. Ratings by the nationally recognized rating
agencies are subjective in nature and accordingly ratings can vary significantly
amongst the agencies. Limitations generally expressed by the rating agencies
include statements that ratings do not predict the specific percentage default
likelihood over any given period of time and that ratings do not opine on
expected loss severity of an obligation should the issuer default. As such, the
impairment of securities rated below investment grade by at least one of the
nationally-recognized rating agencies was evaluated to determine if management
expects not to recover the entire amortized cost basis of the security. This
evaluation was based on projections of estimated cash flows based on individual
loans underlying each security using current and anticipated increases in
unemployment and default rates, decreases in housing prices and estimated
liquidation costs at foreclosure. The primary assumptions used in this
evaluation were:

o    Unemployment rates - increasing to 10.5% over the next 12 months,  dropping
     to 8% for the following 12 months, and holding at 8% thereafter.

o    Housing  price  depreciation  - starting with current  depreciated  housing
     prices based on information derived from the Federal Housing Finance Agency
     data,  decreasing  by an  additional  7.5% over the next twelve  months and
     holding at that level thereafter.

o    Estimated  Liquidation  Costs - held  constant  at 27% of the  then-current
     depreciated housing price at estimated foreclosure date.

o    Discount rates - estimated  cash flows were  discounted at rates that range
     from 5.50% to 6.14% based on our current expected yields.

The Company also considers the adjusted loan-to-value ratio and credit
enhancement coverage ratio as part of the assessment of the cash flows available
to recover the amortized cost of the debt securities. Each factor is given equal
weight in the evaluation.

Adjusted loan-to-value ratio is an estimate of the current collateral value
available to support the realizable value of the security. The Company
calculates the adjusted loan-to-value ratio for each security using loan-level
data. The adjusted loan-to-value ratio is the original loan-to-value ratio
adjusted for market-specific home price depreciation and the credit enhancement
on the specific tranche of the security owned by the Company. The home price
depreciation is derived from the Federal Housing Finance Agency ("FHFA"). FHFA
provides historical information on home price depreciation at both the
Metropolitan Statistical Area ("MSA") and state level. This information is
matched to each loan to calculate the home price depreciation. Data is
accumulated from the loan level to determine the adjusted loan-to-value ratio
for the security as a whole. The Company believes that an adjusted loan-to-value
ratio above 85% provides evidence that the collateral value may not provide
sufficient cash flows to support our carrying value. The 85% guideline provides
for further home price depreciation in future periods beyond our assumptions of
current loss trends for residential real estate loans and is consistent with
current underwriting standards used by the Company to originate new residential
mortgage loans.

A distribution of the amortized cost (after recognition of the
other-than-temporary impairment) and fair value by adjusted loan to value ratio
is as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
                                                              Credit Loss Recognized
                                                             ---------------------------
                     Number of                                Number of
 Adjusted LTV Ratio  Securities Amortized Cost   Fair Value   Securities     Amount
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>  <C>                  <C>    <C>             <C>                       <C>
   < 70 %                 4      $  46,229       $   41,236       -        $        -
   70 < 75                -              -                -       -                 -
   75 < 80                7        169,886          130,815       2             2,330
   80 < 85                9        274,813          219,410       6            14,177
   >= 85                  5         98,036           68,515       5             8,635
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Total                 25     $  588,964       $  459,976      13        $   25,142
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

Credit enhancement coverage ratio is an estimate of credit enhancement available
to absorb current projected losses within the pool of loans that support the
security. The Company acquires the benefit of credit enhancement by investing in
super-senior tranches for many of these mortgage-backed securities. Subordinated
tranches held by other investors are specifically designed to absorb losses
before the super-senior tranches which effectively doubled the typical credit
support for these types of bonds. Current projected losses consider depreciation
of home prices based on FHFA data, estimated costs and additional losses to
liquidate collateral and delinquency status of the individual loans underlying
the security. Management believes that a credit enhancement coverage ratio below
1.50 provides evidence that current credit enhancement may not provide
sufficient cash flows of the individual loans to support our carrying value at
the security level. The credit enhancement coverage ratio guideline of 1.50
times is based on standard underwriting criteria which consider loans with
coverage ratios of 1.20 to 1.25 times to be well-secured.

Additional evidence considered by the Company is the adjusted loan-to-value
ratio and the FICO score of individual borrowers whose loans are still
performing within the collateral pool as forward-looking indicators of possible
future losses that could affect our evaluation.

<PAGE> 86

Based on projected declines in expected cash flows from certain private-label
residential mortgage-backed securities, the Company recognized $25 million of
credit loss impairment in earnings during 2009. Additional impairment based on
the difference between the total unrealized losses and the estimated credit
losses on these securities was charged against other comprehensive income, net
of deferred taxes.

Impaired equity securities, including perpetual preferred stocks, are evaluated
based on management's ability and intent to hold the securities until fair value
recovers over periods not to exceed three years. The assessment of the ability
and intent to hold these securities focuses on liquidity needs, asset /
liability management objectives and securities portfolio objectives. Factors
considered when assessing recovery include forecasts of general economic
conditions and specific performance of the issuer, analyst ratings and credit
spreads for preferred stocks which have debt-like characteristics. All
impairment of equity securities was considered temporary at December 31, 2009.
During 2009, the Company recognized $8.0 million in other-than-temporary
impairment charges against the portfolio of preferred stocks.

The following represents the composition of net impairment losses recognized in
earnings (in thousands):

<TABLE>
                                                                 Year Ended December 31,
                                                    --------------------------------------------------
                                                         2009             2008             2007
                                                    ---------------- ---------------- ----------------
<S>                                                 <C>              <C>              <C>
OTTI related to perpetual preferred stocks          $     (8,008)    $     (5,306)    $     (8,641)
OTTI on debt securities due to change in
   intent to sell                                         (1,263)               -                -
OTTI on debt securities not intended for sale           (119,883)               -                -
Less:  Portion of OTTI recognized in
   other comprehensive income                            (94,741)               -                -
--------------------------------------------------- ---------------- ---------------- ----------------
OTTI recognized in earnings related to
   credit losses on debt securities not intended
   for sale                                              (25,142)               -                -
--------------------------------------------------- ---------------- ---------------- ----------------
Total OTTI recognized in earnings                   $    (34,413)   $      (5,306)   $      (8,641)
--------------------------------------------------- ---------------- ---------------- ----------------
</TABLE>

The following is a tabular roll forward of the amount of credit-related OTTI
recognized on available-for-sale debt securities in earnings for the year ended
December 31, 2009 (in thousands):

Balance of credit-related OTTI recognized on
available for sale debt securities at January 1, 2009      $      -
Additions for credit-related OTTI not previously
   recognized                                                21,468
Additions for increases in credit-related OTTI
   previously recognized when there is no intent to
   sell and no requirement to sell before recovery of
   amortized cost                                             3,674
------------------------------------------------------ -----------------
Balance of credit-related OTTI recognized on available
for sale debt securities at December 31, 2009              $ 25,142
------------------------------------------------------ -----------------


Mortgage Trading Securities

Mortgage trading securities are mortgage-backed securities that have been
designated as an economic hedge of the mortgage servicing rights and are
separately identified on the balance sheet. The Company elected to carry these
securities at fair value. Changes in fair value are recognized in earnings as
they occur. As of December 31, 2009, mortgage trading securities were carried at
their $286 million fair value and had a net unrealized loss of $2.1 million. As
of December 31, 2008, mortgage trading securities were carried at their $399
million fair value and had a net unrealized gain of $13 million. The Company
recognized a net loss of $13 million on mortgage trading securities in 2009 and
a net gain of $11 million during 2008.

<PAGE> 87

(3) Derivatives

The following table summarizes the fair values of derivative contracts recorded
as "derivative contracts" assets and liabilities in the balance sheet at
December 31, 2009 (in thousands):


<TABLE>
                                          Gross Basis                                       Net Basis(2)
                        ------------------------------------------------- -----------------------------------------------
                                   Assets               Liabilities                Assets                Liabilities
                        ------------------------ ------------------------ ----------------------- -----------------------
                           Notional(1)   Fair                     Fair                    Fair                   Fair
                                        Value     Notional(1)     Value    Notional(1)    Value    Notional(1)   Value
                        ------------- ---------- ------------ ----------- ------------ ---------- ----------- -----------
Customer Risk
  Management Programs:
<S>                       <C>           <C>        <C>          <C>        <C>          <C>       <C>           <C>
Interest rate contracts   $4,377,115    $110,449   $4,367,002   $115,413    $4,377,115   $110,449 $4,367,002    $115,413
Energy contracts           3,588,767     454,978    3,719,796    450,614       591,294    174,319    711,885     176,983
Agriculture contracts         23,196       1,004       31,715        875        23,196      1,004     31,715         875
Foreign exchange
  contracts                   63,942      64,182       64,182     64,182        63,942     64,182     64,182      64,182
CD options                    66,248       5,493       66,248      5,493        66,248      5,493     66,248       5,493
----------------------- ------------- ---------- ------------ ----------- ------------ ---------- ----------- -----------
Total Customer Derivatives 8,119,268     636,106    8,248,943    636,577     5,121,795    355,447  5,241,032     362,946
  before cash collateral
  Less: cash collateral            -           -            -          -             -    (13,229)         -     (54,586)
----------------------- ------------- ---------- ------------ ----------- ------------ ---------- ----------- -----------
Total customer derivatives 8,119,268     636,106    8,248,943    636,577     5,121,795    342,218  5,241,032     308,360

Interest Rate Risk
  Management Programs        43,357        1,564            -          -        43,357      1,564          -           -
----------------------- ------------- ---------- ------------ ----------- ------------ ---------- ----------- -----------
Total Derivative
Contracts                 $8,162,625    $637,670   $8,248,943   $636,577    $5,165,152   $343,782 $5,241,032    $308,360
----------------------- ------------- ---------- ------------ ----------- ------------ ---------- ----------- -----------
</TABLE>
(1)  Notional    amounts   for   commodity    contracts   are   converted   into
     dollar-equivalent  amounts  based on dollar  prices at the inception of the
     contract.
(2)  Derivative  contracts  are recorded on a net basis in the balance  sheet in
     recognition of master netting  agreements that enable the Company to settle
     all derivative  positions with a given  counterparty in total and to offset
     the net derivative position with the related cash collateral.

The following summarizes the pre-tax net gains (losses) on derivative
instruments and where they are recorded in the income statement (in thousands):

                                                  Year ended
                                              December 31, 2009
                                         --------------------------
                                                      Gain (Loss)
                                         Brokerage        on
                                            and      Derivatives,
                                          Trading          Net
                                          Revenue
                                         ----------- --------------
   Customer Risk Management Programs:
      Interest rate contracts               $2,780      $    -
      Energy contracts                       3,480           -
      Agriculture contracts                    728           -
      Foreign exchange contracts               593           -
      CD options                                 -           -
---------------------------------------- ----------- --------------
   Total Customer Derivatives                7,581           -

   Interest Rate Risk Management Programs        -     (11,235)
---------------------------------------- ----------- --------------
   Total Derivative Contracts               $7,581    $(11,235)
---------------------------------------- ----------- --------------

For the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008, net interest revenue decreased
$13.1 million and $7.0 million, respectively, from the settlements of amounts
receivable or payable on interest rate swaps. For the year ended December 31,
2007, net interest revenue was increased by $6.8 million from the settlement of
amounts receivable or payable on interest rate swaps.

The notional amount and the fair value of derivative contracts included in
residential mortgage loans held for sale on the balance sheet and related gain
(loss) included in mortgage banking revenue due to changes in the fair value of
derivative contracts as of and for the year ended December 31, 2009 were (in
thousands):

                                                           Mortgage
                                    Mortgage Loans Held    Banking
                                         for Sale          Revenue
                                 ------------ ----------- -----------
                                                 Fair
                                   Notional      Value
                                 ------------ ----------- -----------
   Mortgage loan commitments        $117,716     $  496     $(1,673)
   Forward sales contracts           333,218      3,626       5,786
                                              ----------- -----------
                                                 $4,122      $4,113
                                              ----------- -----------

None of these derivative contracts have been designated as hedging instruments.

<PAGE> 88

(4) Loans

Significant components of the loan portfolio are as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
                                                                  December 31,
                         -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                               2009                                           2008
                         -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                            Fixed      Variable      Non-                   Fixed     Variable      Non-
                             Rate        Rate      accrual      Total        Rate       Rate      accrual     Total
                         -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                       <C>          <C>         <C>       <C>          <C>        <C>         <C>       <C>
 Commercial               $ 2,917,814  $3,188,642  $101,384  $ 6,207,840  $3,012,649 $4,264,108  $134,846  $7,411,603
 Commercial real estate       773,241   1,513,269   204,924    2,491,434     847,816  1,716,153   137,279   2,701,248
 Residential mortgage         769,661     993,972    29,989    1,793,622     772,234    952,953    27,387   1,752,574
 Consumer                     560,566     223,178     3,058      786,802     805,136    204,884       561   1,010,581
 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Total                    $ 5,021,282  $5,919,061  $339,355 $ 11,279,698  $5,437,835 $7,138,098  $300,073 $12,876,006
  -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Loans past due (90 days)                                    $    10,308                                    $  19,123
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Foregone interest on nonaccrual loans                       $    17,015                                    $   8,391
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

At December 31, 2009, approximately $5.1 billion or 46% of the total loan
portfolio is to businesses and individuals in Oklahoma and $3.2 billion or 29%
of our total loan portfolio is to businesses and individuals in Texas. This
geographic concentration subjects the loan portfolio to the general economic
conditions within this area.

Approximately $2.6 billion or 43% of the commercial portfolio are to business in
Oklahoma and $2.0 billion or 32% of our commercial loan portfolio are to
business in Texas. At December 31, 2009, loans to energy-related businesses
within the commercial loan classification, totaled $1.9 billion or 17% of total
loans and loans to service-related businesses totaled $1.8 billion or 16% of
total loans. Approximately $1.0 billion of loans in the services category
consists of loans with individual balances of less than $10 million. Other
notable segments include wholesale/retail, $922 million; healthcare, $793
million; and manufacturing, $404 million.

Approximately 33% of commercial real estate loans are secured by properties
located in Oklahoma, primarily in the Tulsa and Oklahoma City metropolitan
areas. An additional 30% of commercial real estate loans are secured by property
located in Texas, primarily in the Dallas and Houston areas. The major
components of these properties are construction and land development, $645
million; office buildings, $463 million; retail facilities, $423 million; and
multifamily residences, $360 million.

At December 31, 2009 and 2008, residential mortgage loans included $15.8 million
and $12.8 million, respectively, and consumer loans included $94 thousand and
$254 thousand, respectively, of loans with repayment terms that have been
modified from the original contracts.

Credit Commitments

Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as
there is no violation of conditions established in the contract. Commitments
generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may
require payment of a fee. At December 31, 2009, outstanding commitments totaled
$5.0 billion. Because some commitments are expected to expire before being drawn
upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash
requirements. BOK Financial uses the same credit policies in making commitments
as it does loans.

The amount of collateral obtained, if deemed necessary, is based upon
management's credit evaluation of the borrower.

Standby letters of credit are conditional commitments issued to guarantee the
performance of a customer to a third party. Because the credit risk involved in
issuing standby letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved in
extending loan commitments, BOK Financial uses the same credit policies in
evaluating the creditworthiness of the customer. Additionally, BOK Financial
uses the same evaluation process in obtaining collateral on standby letters of
credit as it does for loan commitments. The term of these standby letters of
credit is defined in each commitment and typically corresponds with the
underlying loan commitment. At December 31, 2009, outstanding standby letters of
credit totaled $588 million. Commercial letters of credit are used to facilitate
customer trade transactions with the drafts being drawn when the underlying
transaction is consummated. At December 31, 2009, outstanding commercial letters
of credit totaled $13 million.

The Company also has off-balance sheet credit risk for residential loans sold
with full or partial recourse. These loans consist of first lien, fixed rate
residential mortgage loans originated under various community development
programs and sold to U.S. government agencies. These loans were underwritten to
standards approved by the agencies, including full documentation. However, these
loans have a higher risk of delinquency and losses given default than
traditional residential mortgage loans. A separate recourse reserve is
maintained for this off-balance sheet credit risk. At December 31, 2009, the
principal balance of loans sold subject to recourse obligations totaled $331
million and the reserve for credit risk from these

<PAGE> 89

loans totaled $14 million.  Provision for loan losses  incurred  during 2009 and
2008 totaled $12.2 million and $8.6 million, respectively.

Reserve for Credit Losses

The activity in the reserve for loan losses is summarized as follows (in
thousands):

                                 2009        2008        2007
                             -------------------------------------

  Beginning balance           $ 233,236   $ 126,677   $ 109,497
  Provision for loan losses     196,678     208,280      34,758
  Loans charged off            (148,499)   (122,211)    (31,617)
  Recoveries                     10,680      20,490      10,511
  Addition due to acquisitions        -           -       3,528
  ----------------------------------------------------------------
  Ending balance              $ 292,095   $ 233,236   $ 126,677
  ----------------------------------------------------------------


The activity in the reserve for off-balance sheet credit losses is summarized as
follows (in thousands):

                                2009      2008      2007
                             -------------------------------

  Beginning balance           $  15,166 $ 20,853  $20,890
  Provision for off-balance
     sheet credit losses           (778)  (5,687)     (37)
  ----------------------------------------------------------
  Ending balance              $  14,388 $ 15,166  $20,853
  ----------------------------------------------------------

  Provision for credit losses $ 195,900 $202,593  $34,721
  ----------------------------------------------------------

Reserve for Recourse Loan Losses

The activity in the reserve for losses on loans sold with recourse is summarized
as follows (in thousands):

                                 2009        2008        2007
                             -------------------------------------

  Beginning balance           $   8,767   $   3,560   $   2,473
  Provision for recourse losses  12,210       8,577       1,092
  Loans charged off, net         (7,196)     (3,370)         (5)
  ----------------------------------------------------------------
  Ending balance              $  13,781   $   8,767   $   3,560
  ----------------------------------------------------------------

Impaired Loans

Investments in loans considered to be impaired under FAS 114 were as follows (in
thousands):

                                       December 31,
                             --------------------------------
                                 2009      2008      2007
                             --------------------------------
  Investment in loans impaired
     under FAS 114 (all of
     which were on a
     nonaccrual basis)       $ 316,666    $269,908  $74,085
  Loans with specific
     reserves for loss         204,076    194,292    22,749
  Specific reserve balance      36,168     28,532     4,425
  No specific related reserve
     for loss                  112,590     75,616    51,336
  Average recorded investment
     in impaired loans         327,935    179,808    44,535

Approximately $85 million of losses on impaired loans with no related specific
reserves at December 31, 2009 were charged off against the allowance for loan
losses during 2009. Interest income recognized on impaired loans during 2009,
2008 and 2007 was not significant.

<PAGE> 90

 (5) Premises and Equipment

Premises and equipment at December 31 are summarized as follows (in thousands):

                                            December 31,
                                     ------------------------
                                          2009         2008
                                     ----------- ------------
   Land                                 $76,900     $71,306
   Buildings and improvements           226,724     221,035
   Software                             61,347      55,488
   Furniture and equipment              122,842     136,785
------------------------------------ ----------- ------------
   Subtotal                             487,813     484,614
   Less accumulated depreciation        207,553     207,156
------------------------------------ ----------- ------------
   Total                              $ 280,260   $ 277,458
------------------------------------ ----------- ------------

Depreciation expense of premises and equipment was $32.5 million, $28.4 million
and $25.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007,
respectively.

(6) Intangible Assets

The following table presents the original cost and accumulated amortization of
intangible assets (in thousands):

                                               December 31,
                                         -----------------------
                                              2009        2008
                                         ----------- -----------

   Core deposit premiums                  $109,417    $109,417
   Less accumulated amortization           100,664      95,059
---------------------------------------- ----------- -----------
   Net core deposit premiums                 8,753      14,358

   Other identifiable intangible assets     16,791      16,791
   Less accumulated amortization             6,906       5,769
---------------------------------------- ----------- -----------
   Net other identifiable intangible assets  9,885      11,022

   Goodwill                                388,736     388,964
   Less accumulated amortization            53,135      53,135
---------------------------------------- ----------- -----------
 Net goodwill                              335,601     335,829
---------------------------------------- ----------- -----------
 Total intangible assets, net             $354,239    $361,209
---------------------------------------- ----------- -----------

Expected amortization expense for intangible assets that will continue to be
amortized (in thousands):

                      Core            Other
                     Deposit       Identifiable
                    Premiums    Intangible Assets     Total
                 -------------- ----------------- -------------
 2010                 4,131           1,163            5,294
 2011                 2,227           1,190            3,417
 2012                   815           1,218            2,033
 2013                   485             936            1,421
 2014                   433             334              767
 Thereafter             662           5,044            5,706
---------------- -------------- ----------------- -------------
                    $ 8,753         $ 9,885          $18,638
---------------- -------------- ----------------- -------------

<PAGE> 91

The net amortized cost of identifiable intangible assets at December 31, 2009 is
assigned to the Company's geographic markets as follows (in thousands):

        Core deposit premiums:
          Texas                            $   5,735
          Colorado                             2,609
          Arizona                                409
       ----------------------------------- -----------
                                           $   8,753
       ----------------------------------- -----------
        Other identifiable intangible assets:
          Oklahoma                            $5,923
          Colorado                             3,172
          Kansas / Missouri                      790
       ----------------------------------- -----------
                                              $9,885
        ----------------------------------- -----------
        Goodwill:
          Oklahoma                            $8,173
          Texas                              240,122
          New Mexico                          15,273
          Colorado                            55,611
          Arizona                             16,422
        ----------------------------------- -----------
                                           $ 335,601
        ----------------------------------- -----------

Changes in the carrying value goodwill by operating segment are as follows (in
thousands):

                            Commercial    Consumer       Wealth        Total
                                                       Management
                           ------------- ------------ -------------- ----------
Balance January 1, 2009    $266,728       $39,251       $29,850       $335,829
Impairment                        -          (228)            -           (228)
-------------------------- ------------- ------------ -------------- ----------
Balance December 31, 2009  $266,728       $39,023       $29,850       $335,601
-------------------------- ------------- ------------ -------------- ----------

As a result of the annual goodwill evaluation, the Company recorded an
impairment charge of $228 thousand related to the consumer banking operating
segment in the Arizona market. The annual goodwill evaluation did not indicate
impairment for any reporting unit in 2008 or 2007. Economic conditions did not
indicate that impairment existed for any identifiable intangible assets and
therefore no impairment evaluation was performed.

<PAGE> 92

(7) Mortgage Banking Activities

BOK Financial engages in mortgage banking activities through the BOk Mortgage
Division of BOk. Residential mortgage loans held for sale totaled $218 million
and $129 million, and outstanding mortgage loan commitments totaled $145 million
and $241 million at December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively. Mortgage loan
commitments are generally outstanding for 60 to 90 days and are subject to both
credit and interest rate risk. Credit risk is managed through underwriting
policies and procedures, including collateral requirements, which are generally
accepted by the secondary loan markets. Exposure to interest rate fluctuations
is partially managed through forward sales of mortgage-backed securities and
forward sales contracts. These latter contracts set the price for loans that
will be delivered in the next 60 to 90 days. As of December 31, 2009, the
unrealized gain on forward sales contracts used to manage the mortgage pipeline
interest rate risk was approximately $3.6 million. Gains on mortgage loans sold,
including capitalized mortgage servicing rights, totaled $31.1 million in 2009,
$9.5 million in 2008 and $5.2 million in 2007.

At December 31, 2009, BOK Financial owned the rights to service 64,104 mortgage
loans with outstanding principal balances of $7.4 billion, including $828
million serviced for affiliates, and held related funds of $86 million for
investors and borrowers. The weighted average interest rate and remaining term
was 5.66% and 292 months, respectively. Mortgage loans sold with recourse
totaled $331 million at December 31, 2009, and $17 million of loans sold with
recourse were either 90 days or more delinquent or were in bankruptcy or
foreclosure. At December 31, 2008, BOK Financial owned the rights to service
58,023 mortgage loans with outstanding principal balances of $6.0 billion,
including $793 million serviced for affiliates, and held related funds of $65
million for investors and borrowers. The weighted average interest rate and
remaining term was 6.15% and 284 months, respectively. Mortgage loans sold with
recourse totaled $391 million at December 31, 2008, and $13.2 million of loans
sold with recourse were 90 days or more delinquent. Servicing revenue and late
charges on loans serviced for others, which are included in mortgage banking
revenue in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings totaled $20.0 million for
2009, $17.6 million for 2008 and $17.1 million for 2007.

The portfolio of mortgage servicing rights exposes BOK Financial to interest
rate risk. During periods of falling interest rates, mortgage loan prepayments
increase, reducing the value of the mortgage servicing rights. See Note 1 for
specific accounting policies for mortgage servicing rights.

Activity in capitalized mortgage servicing rights and related valuation
allowance during 2007, 2008 and 2009 are as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
                                                  Capitalized Mortgage Servicing Rights
                                                 -------------------------------------
                                                   Purchased   Originated      Total
 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                  <C> <C>                     <C>           <C>        <C>
 Balance at December 31, 2006                    $   12,813    $ 53,133   $  65,946
   Additions, net                                     3,628      14,080      17,708
   Change in fair value due to loan runoff           (2,478)     (8,274)    (10,752)
   Change in fair value due to market changes           (57)     (2,836)     (2,893)
 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Balance at December 31, 2007                    $   13,906   $  56,103   $  70,009
   Additions, net                                         -      19,220      19,220
   Change in fair value due to loan runoff           (2,286)     (9,676)    (11,962)
   Change in fair value due to market changes        (5,267)    (29,248)    (34,515)
 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Balance at December 31, 2008                    $    6,353     $36,399   $  42,752
   Additions, net                                         -      39,869      39,869
   Change in fair value due to loan runoff           (2,526)    (18,395)    (20,921)
   Change in fair value due to market changes         4,001       8,123      12,124
 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Balance at December 31, 2009                    $    7,828  $   65,996   $  73,824
 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

Fair value is determined by discounting the projected net cash flows.
Significant assumptions are:

Discount rate - Indexed to a risk-free rate  commensurate  with the average life
     of the  servicing  portfolio  plus a market  premium.  The discount rate at
     December 31, 2009 was 11.2%.

Prepayment rate - Annual  prepayment  estimates ranging from 8.1% to 26.9% based
     upon loan interest rate, original term and loan type.

Loan servicing costs - $43 to $66 annually per loan based upon loan type.

Escrow  earnings  rate -  Indexed  to  rates  paid on  deposit  accounts  with a
     comparable  average life. The escrow earnings rate at December 31, 2009 was
     2.98%.

<PAGE> 93

 The effect of a 50 basis point decrease in mortgage interest rates on all
significant assumptions is expected to decrease the fair value of mortgage
servicing rights by $9.7 million.

 Stratification of the mortgage loan-servicing portfolio, outstanding principal
of loans serviced, and related hedging information by interest rate at December
31, 2009 follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
                                          < 5.51%     5.51% - 6.50%   6.51% - 7.50%     => 7.51%        Total
 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                      <C>            <C>             <C>             <C>           <C>
 Fair value                              $   42,150     $   23,480      $     6,630     $   1,564     $   73,824
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Outstanding principal of loans
   serviced(1)                           $3,433,000     $2,216,000      $   721,994     $ 141,006     $6,512,000
 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

(1) Excludes outstanding principal of $828 million for loans serviced for
   affiliates and $27 million of mortgage loans for which there are no
   capitalized mortgage servicing rights.


On February 9, 2010, the Company finalized an agreement to purchase the rights
to service approximately $4.1 billion of residential mortgage loans largely
concentrated in New Mexico from Charter Bank of Albuquerque, New Mexico, for $34
million in cash. The loans to be serviced are predominantly held by Fannie Mae,
Freddie Mac and Ginnie Mae.


(8) Deposits

Interest expense on deposits is summarized as follows (in thousands):

                              2009        2008        2007
                          -------------------------------------
 Transaction deposits      $  51,607   $ 121,403   $ 194,617
 Savings                         614         676       1,499
 Time:
    Certificates of deposits
      under $100,000          57,486      70,806      88,465
    Certificates of deposits
      $100,000 and over       37,193      78,965     110,791
    Other time deposits       17,462      17,074      17,374
 --------------------------------------------------------------
      Total time             112,141     166,845     216,630
 --------------------------------------------------------------
      Total                 $164,362    $288,924    $412,746
 --------------------------------------------------------------

The aggregate amounts of time deposits in denominations of $100,000 or more at
December 31, 2009 and 2008 were $2.1 billion and $3.1 billion, respectively.

Time deposit maturities are as follows: 2010 - $2.9 billion, 2011 - $187
million, 2012 - $120 million, 2013 - $131 million, 2014 - $60 million and $350
million thereafter. At December 31, 2009, the Company had $36 million in fixed
rate, brokered certificates of deposits. The weighted-average interest rate paid
on these certificates is 3.88%.

Interest expense on time deposits was reduced by $11.5 million and $6.9 million
in 2009 and 2008, respectively, from the net accrued settlement of interest rate
swaps. Interest expense on time deposits was increased by $2.6 million in 2007
from the net accrued settlement of interest rate swaps.

The aggregate amount of overdrawn transaction deposits that have been
reclassified as loan balances was $13 million at December 31, 2009 and $35
million at December 31, 2008.

<PAGE> 94


(9) Other Borrowings

Information relating to other borrowings is summarized as follows (dollars in
thousands):

<TABLE>
                                                                     December 31
                           -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                         2009                              2008                          2007
                           -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                  Maximum                         Maximum                       Maximum
                                                Outstanding                     Outstanding                   Outstanding
                                                  At Any                          At Any                        At Any
                             Balance     Rate    Month End     Balance    Rate   Month End   Balance    Rate   Month End
                           ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                <C>    <C>      <C>         <C>          <C>     <C>            <C>      <C>       <C>
  Parent Company:
   Revolving, unsecured line $        -     -%   $   50,000    $   50,000   3.78% $  50,000  $   50,000   5.42%$   50,000
  Subsidiary Banks:
     Funds purchased and
     repurchase agreements    2,471,743   0.29    2,798,274     3,025,399   0.72   3,686,019  3,225,131   4.30  3,225,131
     Federal Home Loan Bank
       advances               1,253,051   0.23    2,053,130       991,401   1.76   2,391,618    938,168   4.65    938,168
     Federal Reserve advances   850,000   0.25    1,100,000       450,000   0.24     450,000          -    -            -
     Subordinated debentures    398,539   5.53      398,539       398,407   5.51     398,407    398,273   5.91    548,187
     Other                       30,306   1.69       43,949        30,653   2.62      44,227     39,396   4.10     43,985
                           -------------                     -------------                 -------------
   Total subsidiary banks     5,003,639   0.71                  4,895,860   1.30              4,600,968   4.52
                           -------------                     -------------                 -------------
   Total other borrowings    $5,003,639   0.72                 $4,945,860   1.32             $4,650,968   4.53
                           -------------                     -------------                 -------------
</TABLE>

Aggregate annual principal repayments of long-term debt at December 31, 2009 are
as follows (in thousands):

                                 Parent    Subsidiary
                                 Company     Banks
                            ---------------------------
    2010                      $       -    $4,589,362
    2011                              -         2,055
    2012                              -         1,399
    2013                              -           525
    2014                              -           525
    Thereafter                        -       409,773
                            ---------------------------
    Total                     $       -    $5,003,639
                            ---------------------------

Funds purchased generally mature within one to ninety days from the transaction
date. At December 31, 2009, securities sold under agreements to repurchase
totaled $1.3 billion with related accrued interest payable of $194 thousand.

Additional information relating to repurchase agreements at December 31, 2009 is
as follows (dollars in thousands):

<TABLE>
                                                   Amortized        Market        Repurchase      Average
 Security Sold/Maturity                              Cost           Value       Liability(1)        Rate
 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                 <C>              <C>           <C>              <C>
 U.S. Agency Securities:
    Overnight(1)                                   $1,188,400    $ 1,170,682      $1,006,619        0.31%
    Long-term                                         139,674        145,888         163,088        4.71
 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      Total Agency Securities                      $1,328,074    $ 1,316,570      $1,169,707        0.93%
 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>
(1) BOK Financial maintains control over the securities underlying overnight
  repurchase agreements and generally transfers control over securities
  underlying longer-term dealer repurchase agreements to the respective
  counterparty.

Borrowings from the Federal Home Loan Banks are used for funding purposes. In
accordance with policies of the Federal Home Loan Banks, BOK Financial has
granted a blanket pledge of eligible assets (generally unencumbered U.S.
Treasury and mortgage-backed securities, 1-4 family loans and multifamily loans)
as collateral for these advances. The Federal Home Loan Banks have issued
letters of credit totaling $468 million to secure BOK Financial's obligations to
depositors of public funds. The unused credit available to BOK Financial at
December 31, 2009 pursuant to the Federal Home Loan Bank's collateral policies
is $2.3 billion.

<PAGE> 95

In 2008, the subsidiary banks began borrowing funds under the Federal Reserve
Bank Term Auction Facility program. This is a temporary program which allows
banks that are in generally sound financial condition to bid for funds. Funds
are borrowed for either 28 or 84 days and are secured by a pledge of eligible
collateral. Funds borrowed under this program totaled $850 million at December
31, 2009.

Effective December 2, 2009, the Company amended the $188 million unsecured
revolving credit agreement with George B. Kaiser, its Chairman and principal
shareholder. The amended terms of the credit agreement reduce the size of the
credit agreement from $188 million to $100 million. Interest on the outstanding
balance due to Mr. Kaiser is based on one-month LIBOR plus 250 basis points and
is payable quarterly. Additional interest in the form of a facility fee is paid
quarterly on the unused portion of the commitment at 50 basis points.
Previously, interest was due quarterly based on one-month LIBOR plus 125 basis
points and the facility fee was paid quarterly on the unused portion of the
commitment at 25 basis points. The maturity date was extended to December 2,
2012 from December 2, 2010 and as with the original agreement, it has no
restrictive covenants. This credit agreement matures in December, 2010. At
December 31, 2008, the outstanding balance under this credit agreement was $50
million. No amounts were outstanding under this credit agreement as of December
31, 2009.

In 2007, Bank of Oklahoma issued $250 million of subordinated debt due May 15,
2017. Interest on this debt is based upon a fixed rate of 5.75% through May 14,
2012 and on a floating rate of three-month LIBOR plus 0.69% thereafter. The
proceeds of this debt were used to fund the Worth National Bank and First United
Bank acquisitions and to fund continued asset growth.

In 2005, Bank of Oklahoma issued $150 million of 10-year, fixed rate
subordinated debt. The cost of this subordinated debt, including issuance
discounts and hedge loss is 5.56%. The proceeds of this debt were used to repay
$95 million of BOK Financial's unsecured revolving line of credit and to provide
additional capital to support asset growth. During 2006, a $150 million notional
amount interest rate swap was designated as a hedge of changes in fair value of
the subordinated debt due to changes in interest rates. The Company received a
fixed rate of 5.257% and paid a variable rate based on 1-month LIBOR. This fair
value hedging relationship was discontinued and the interest rate swap was
terminated in April 2007.

<PAGE> 96

(10) Federal and State Income Taxes

Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences
between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting
purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Significant components of
deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows (in thousands):

                                           December 31,
                                       ----------------------
                                          2009       2008
                                       ----------------------
 Deferred tax liabilities:
    Available for sale securities
      mark-to-market                     $ 6,500    $     -
    Valuation adjustments                 30,000     33,800
    Mortgage servicing rights             37,900     29,500
    Lease financing                       18,200     19,800
    Other                                  5,200      2,300
 ------------------------------------------------------------
      Total deferred tax liabilities      97,800     85,400
 ------------------------------------------------------------

 Deferred tax assets:
    Available for sale securities
      mark-to-market                           -    126,300
    Stock-based compensation               7,100      6,500
    Credit loss reserves                 115,900     94,200
    Valuation adjustments                 26,000     23,900
    Deferred book income                  17,800     22,300
    Deferred compensation                 17,000     11,300
    Book expense in excess of pension
        contribution                       2,300      1,200
    Other                                 18,500     18,800
 ------------------------------------------------------------
      Total deferred tax assets          204,600    304,500
 ------------------------------------------------------------
 Deferred tax assets in excess of
   deferred tax liabilities              $106,800   $219,100
 ------------------------------------------------------------

The significant components of the provision for income taxes attributable to
continuing operations for BOK Financial are shown below (in thousands):

                              Years ended December 31,
                         -----------------------------------
                             2009       2008       2007
                         -----------------------------------
 Current:
    Federal               $ 112,163   $ 108,879  $ 119,025
    State                    16,759       7,377     10,179
 -----------------------------------------------------------
    Total current           128,922     116,256    129,204
 -----------------------------------------------------------

 Deferred:
    Federal                 (19,835)    (47,685)   (12,935)
    State                    (2,382)     (3,662)      (508)
 -----------------------------------------------------------
    Total deferred          (22,217)    (51,347)   (13,443)
 -----------------------------------------------------------
      Total income tax    $ 106,705   $  64,909  $ 115,761
 -----------------------------------------------------------

The reconciliations of income attributable to continuing operations computed at
the U.S. federal statutory tax rates to income tax expense are as follows (in
thousands):

                                 Years ended December 31,
                              -------------------------------
                                 2009      2008      2007
                              -------------------------------
 Amount:
    Federal statutory tax      $108,752   $73,710  $117,865
    Tax exempt revenue           (4,616)   (4,173)   (4,204)
    Effect of state income
      taxes,
      net of federal benefit      9,165     1,278     5,783
    Non-controlling interest     (1,204)    2,643    (1,167)
    Utilization of tax credits   (1,327)   (1,234)   (1,218)
    Bank-owned life insurance    (3,424)   (3,555)   (3,411)
    Charitable contribution           -    (2,852)        -
    Reduction of tax accrual          -    (2,437)        -
    Other, net                     (641)    1,529     2,113
 ------------------------------------------------------------
      Total                    $106,705   $64,909  $115,761
 ------------------------------------------------------------

<PAGE>  97

Due to the favorable resolution of certain tax issues for the tax periods ended
December 31, 2004, BOK Financial reduced its tax accrual by $2.4 million in
2008, which was credited against current income tax expense.

                                  Years ended December 31,
                               -------------------------------
                                  2009      2008      2007
                               -------------------------------
 Percent of pretax income:
    Federal statutory rate         35%       35%       35%
    Tax-exempt revenue             (2)       (2)       (1)
    Effect of state income taxes,
      net of federal benefit        3         1         1
    Non-controlling interest       (1)        1        (1)
    Bank-owned life insurance      (1)       (2)       (1)
    Charitable contribution         -        (1)        -
    Reduction of tax accrual        -        (1)        -
    Other, net                      -         -         1
 -------------------------------------------------------------
      Total                        34%       31%       34%
 -------------------------------------------------------------

A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits
is as follows (in thousands):

                                           2009      2008
                                        ---------------------
 Balance as of January 1                $ 13,200  $ 13,200
    Additions for tax for current year
      positions                            4,050     3,800
    Settlements during the period              -      (100)
    Decreases in tax for prior year
      positions                             (700)        -
    Lapses of applicable statute of
      limitations                         (4,250)   (3,700)
 ------------------------------------------------------------
  Balance as of December 31             $ 12,300  $ 13,200
 ------------------------------------------------------------

Any of the above unrecognized tax benefits, if recognized, would affect the
effective tax rate.

BOK Financial recognizes interest and penalties accrued related to unrecognized
tax benefits in income tax expense. During the years ended December 31, 2009 and
2008, the Company recognized $1.4 million and $1.5 million, respectively, in
interest and penalties. The Company had approximately $2.7 million and $3.0
million for the payment of interest and penalties accrued as of December 31,
2009 and 2008, respectively. Federal statutes remain open for federal tax
returns filed in the previous three reporting periods. Various state income tax
statutes remain open for the previous three to six reporting periods.

One of our acquired entities is currently under examination by the Internal
Revenue Service ("IRS") for the year ending May 31, 2007 and the related
carry-back period. Refunds claimed in the carry-back period total $3.5 million.
The ultimate resolution is unlikely to have a material impact on the financial
statements. Also during 2008, the IRS exam for the year ended December 31, 2005
for the same acquired entity was closed with no adjustments.

<PAGE> 98

(11) Employee Benefits

BOK Financial sponsors a defined benefit cash balance Pension Plan for all
employees who satisfy certain age and service requirements. Pension Plan
benefits were curtailed as of April 1, 2006. No participants may be added to the
plan and no additional service benefits will be accrued. Interest will continue
to accrue on employees' account balances at 5.25%.

The following table presents information regarding this plan (dollars in
thousands):

<TABLE>
                                                                                  December 31,
                                                                           --------------------------
                                                                               2009         2008
                                                                           ---------------------------
 Change in projected benefit obligation:
<S>                                                                          <C>        <C>
    Projected benefit obligation at beginning of year                        $39,099    $ 46,183
    Service cost                                                                   -           -
    Interest cost                                                              2,403       2,685
    Actuarial (gain) loss                                                      7,517      (1,205)
    Benefits paid                                                             (2,438)     (8,564)
 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Projected benefit obligation at end of year(1,2)                           $ 46,581    $ 39,099
 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Change in plan assets:
    Plan assets at fair value at beginning of year                           $35,301    $ 58,089
    Actual return on plan assets                                               8,826     (14,224)
    Company contributions                                                          -           -
    Benefits paid                                                             (2,438)     (8,564)
 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Plan assets at fair value at end of year                                   $ 41,689    $ 35,301
 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Funded status of the plan                                                   $(4,892)    $(3,798)
 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Components of net periodic benefit costs:
    Service cost                                                             $     -    $      -
    Interest cost                                                              2,403       2,685
    Expected return on plan assets                                            (2,190)     (3,910)
    Amortization of unrecognized net loss                                      2,180         496
 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Net periodic pension cost (benefit)                                         $ 2,393    $   (729)
 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(1)  Projected benefit obligation equals accumulated benefit obligation.
(2)  Projected benefit obligation is based on a January 1 measurement date.


 Weighted-average assumptions as of December 31:
    Discount rate                                                                5.15%       6.50%
    Expected return on plan assets                                               5.25%       7.00%
    Rate of compensation increase                                                N/A         N/A
</TABLE>

As of December 31, 2009, expected future benefit payments related to the Pension
Plan were as follows (in thousands):

          2010                               $ 3,128
          2011                                 3,251
          2012                                 3,584
          2013                                 3,491
          2014                                 3,704
          2015 through 2019                   16,889
                                           -------------
                                             $34,047
                                           -------------

Assets of the Pension Plan consist primarily of shares in the Cavanal Hill
Balanced Fund. The stated objective of this fund is to provide an attractive
total return through a broadly diversified mix of equities and bonds. The
typical portfolio mix is approximately 60% equities and 40% bonds. The net asset
value of shares in the Cavanal Hill Funds is reported daily based on market
quotations for the Fund's securities. If market quotations are not readily
available, the securities' fair values are determined by the Fund's pricing
committee. The inception-to-date return on the fund, which is used as an
indicator when setting the expected return on plan assets, was 6.58%. As of
December 31, 2009, the expected return on plan assets for 2010 is 5.25%. The
maximum allowed and minimum required Pension Plan contributions for 2009 were
$22.6 million and $364 thousand, respectively. The minimum contribution will be
made for 2009. No contribution was made for 2008. We expect approximately $2.5
million of net pension costs currently in accumulated other comprehensive income
to be recognized as net periodic pension cost in 2010.

Employee contributions to the Thrift Plan are eligible for Company matching
equal 6% of base compensation, as defined in the plan. The Company-provided
matching contribution rates range from 50% for employees with less than four
years of service to 200% for employees with 15 or more years of service.
Additionally, a maximum Company-provided, non-elective annual contribution of up
to $750 is made for employees whose annual base compensation is less than
$40,000. Total non-elective contributions were $998 thousand in 2009, $955
thousand in 2008 and $999 thousand in 2007.

<PAGE> 99

Participants may direct investments in their accounts to a variety of options,
including a BOK Financial common stock fund. Employer contributions, which are
invested in accordance with the participant's investment options, vest over five
years. Thrift Plan expenses were $13.0 million, $12.1 million and $11.6 million
for 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively.

BOK Financial also sponsors a defined benefit post-retirement employee medical
plan, which pays 50 percent of annual medical insurance premiums for retirees
who meet certain age and service requirements. Assets of the retiree medical
plan consist primarily of shares in a cash management fund. The post-retirement
medical plan is limited to current retirees and certain employees who were age
60 or older at the time the plan was frozen in 1993. The net obligation
recognized under the plan was $2.2 million at December 31, 2009. A 1% change in
medical expense trends would not significantly affect the net obligation or cost
of this plan.

BOK Financial offers numerous incentive compensation plans that are aligned with
the Company's growth strategy. Compensation awarded under these plans may be
based on defined formulas, other performance criteria or discretionary.
Incentive compensation is designed to motivate and reinforce sales and customer
service behavior in all markets. Earnings were charged $91.2 million in 2009,
$83.2 million in 2008 and $71.4 million in 2007 for incentive compensation
plans.


(12) Stock Compensation Plans

The shareholders and Board of Directors of BOK Financial have approved various
stock-based compensation plans. An independent compensation committee of the
Board of Directors determines the number of awards granted to the Chief
Executive Officer and other senior executives. Stock-based compensation is
granted to other officers and employees and is approved by the independent
compensation committee upon recommendation of the Chairman of the Board and the
Chief Executive Officer.

These awards consist primarily of stock options that are subject to vesting
requirements. Generally, one-seventh of the options awarded vest annually and
expire three years after vesting. Additionally, stock options that vest in two
years and expire 45 days after vesting have been awarded. Non-vested shares may
be granted to the Chief Executive Officer and other senior executives of the
Company. These shares vest five years after the grant date. The holders of these
shares may be required to retain the shares for a three-year period after
vesting.

The Chief Executive Officer and other senior executives participate in an
Executive Incentive Plan. The number of options and non-vested shares may
increase or decrease based upon the Company's growth in earnings per share over
a three-year period compared to the median growth in earnings per share for a
designated peer group of financial institutions and other individual performance
factors.

<PAGE> 100

The following table presents options outstanding during 2007, 2008 and 2009
under these plans:

                                                Weighted-
                                                 Average
                                                 Exercise
                                     Number       Price
                                   --------------------------
 Options outstanding at
    December 31, 2006               3,496,625      $38.63
 Options awarded                      956,475       54.18
 Options exercised                   (703,833)      32.41
 Options forfeited                   (429,848)      43.74
 Options expired                       (1,249)      45.80
 ------------------------------------------------------------
 Options outstanding at
    December 31, 2007               3,318,170      $43.50
 Options awarded                    1,098,172       47.71
 Options exercised                   (498,700)      33.05
 Options forfeited                   (271,250)      47.96
 Options expired                      (70,924)      49.91
 ------------------------------------------------------------
 Options outstanding at
    December 31, 2008               3,575,468      $45.77
 Options awarded                      913,880       37.24
 Options exercised                   (280,572)      33.49
 Options forfeited                   (487,793)      44.83
 Options expired                     (199,220)      51.76
 ------------------------------------------------------------
 Options outstanding at
    December 31, 2009               3,521,763      $44.58
 ------------------------------------------------------------
 Options vested at
    December 31, 2009                 903,380      $43.37
 ------------------------------------------------------------

The following table summarizes information concerning currently outstanding and
vested stock options:

               Options Outstanding               Options Vested
 -----------------------------------------------------------------
                             Weighted
                             Average   Weighted          Weighted
    Range of                Remaining   Average           Average
    Exercise      Number   Contractual Exercise   Number Exercise
     Prices    Outstanding Life (years)  Price    Vested   Price
 ------------------------------------------------------------------
   $17.37          33,482      1.00      $17.37   33,482   $17.37
28.27 - 30.87     214,242      1.80       29.96  161,268    29.67
    36.65         676,219      6.00       36.65     -        -
    37.74         216,517      2.50       37.74  100,306    37.74
38.91 - 44.30      93,533      1.00       41.75     -        -
45.15 - 47.34     437,242      3.00       47.31  191,724    47.31
47.05 - 48.53     509,079      3.50       47.06  184,034    47.07
    47.67          44,319      2.00       47.67     -        -
    48.46         694,057      5.00       48.46   53,566    48.46
53.88 - 54.28      93,724      0.12       54.09   93,724    54.09
    54.33         509,349      4.00       54.33   85,276    54.33
  ------------------------------------------------------------------

Compensation expense for stock options is generally recognized based on the fair
value of options granted over the options' vesting period. The fair value of
options was determined as of the date of grant using a Black-Scholes option
pricing model with the following weighted average assumptions:

                                   2009       2008       2007
                                ----------- ---------- ----------
Average risk-free interest rate  1.32%       3.50%      4.68%
Dividend yield                   2.50%       1.70%      1.10%
Volatility factors                .218        .147       .143
Weighted average expected life  4.9 years   4.9 years  4.9 years
Weighted average fair value       $5.36       $7.09      $9.91

Compensation cost of stock options granted that may be recognized as
compensation expense in future years totaled $8.5 million at December 31, 2009.
Subject to adjustments for forfeitures, we expect to recognize compensation
expense for current outstanding options of $3.7 million in 2010, $2.4 million in
2011, $1.3 million in 2012, $720 thousand in 2013, $330 thousand in 2014 and
$100 thousand thereafter. Stock option expense for the years ended December 31,
2009, 2008

<PAGE> 101

and 2007 was $5.9  million,  $7.8 million and $6.3  million,  respectively.  The
intrinsic value of options  exercised  during the years ended December 31, 2009,
2008 and 2007 was $3.8 million,  $11.8 million and $14.9 million,  respectively.
The aggregate intrinsic value of options outstanding as of December 31, 2009 and
2008 was $10.4 million and $19.2 million,  respectively. The aggregate intrinsic
value of options  exercisable  as of December 31, 2009 and 2008 was $3.7 million
and $656 thousand, respectively.

BOK Financial also issues non-vested common shares under the various stock-based
compensation plans. At December 31, 2009, a total of 282,772 non-vested common
shares have been awarded, including 156,339 awarded in 2009. The weighted
average grant date fair value of non-vested shares awarded in 2009 was $35.31
per share. During 2009, 13,625 shares which had an average grant date fair value
of $47.34 per share vested and 12,481 shares which had an average grant date
fair value of $46.61 per share were forfeited. Unrecognized compensation cost of
non-vested shares totaled $6.6 million at December 31, 2009. Subject to
adjustment for forfeitures, we expect to recognize compensation expense of $2.0
million in 2010, $1.8 million in 2011, $1.6 million in 2012, $1.1 million in
2013 and $40 thousand in 2014.

BOK Financial permits certain executive officers to defer recognition of taxable
income from their stock-based compensation. Deferred compensation may also be
diversified into investments other than BOK Financial common stock.

Stock-based compensation subject to these deferral plans is recognized as a
liability award rather than as an equity award. Compensation expense is based on
the fair value of the award recognized over the vesting period. At December 31,
2009, the recorded obligation for liability awards was $2.4 million.
Compensation cost of liability awards was an expense of $1.3 million in 2009, a
benefit of $471 thousand in 2008 and an expense of $506 thousand in 2007.

During   January  2010,   BOK  Financial   awarded  the  following   stock-based
compensation:

                             ---------- --------- ------------
                                        Exercise  Fair Value /
                              Number     Price        Award
                             ---------- --------- ------------
  Equity awards:
    Stock options             241,720     $48.30   $10.17
    Non-vested stock          173,857         -     48.30
                             ----------
    Total equity awards       415,577
                             ----------
  Total stock-based awards    415,577
  -------------------------- ---------- --------- ------------

The aggregate compensation cost of these awards totaled approximately $10.9
million. This cost will be recognized over the vesting periods, subject to
adjustments for forfeitures. None of the stock-based compensation awards in
January 2010 are subject to deferred compensation plans.


(13) Related Parties

In compliance with applicable regulations, the Company may extend credit to
certain executive officers, directors, principal shareholders and their
affiliates (collectively referred to as "related parties") in the ordinary
course of business under substantially the same terms as comparable third-party
lending arrangements. The Company's loans to related parties do not involve more
than the normal credit risk and there are no nonaccrual or impaired related
party loans outstanding at December 31, 2009 or 2008. Activity in loans to
related parties is summarized as follows (in thousands):

                                     2009         2008

                                  ------------ ------------
  Beginning balance                $207,140     $252,051
     Advances                       676,743      734,553
     Payments                      (666,159)    (704,433)
     Charge-offs(2)                       -      (26,000)
     Adjustments(1)                     (26)     (49,031)
  ------------------------------- ------------ ------------
  Ending balance                   $217,698     $207,140
  ------------------------------- ------------ ------------

(1)  Adjustments  generally  consist of changes in status as a related party. In
     2008,  adjustments  include $48 million of loans to SemGroup,  L.P.,  which
     ceased to be a related party upon  resignation  of Thomas L.  Kivisto,  its
     principal owner,  from the Company's Board of Directors.  Approximately $12
     million of these loans  remain  outstanding  at  December  31, 2009 and are
     nonperforming.
(2)  In 2008,  the  Company  charged  off $26  million of the  balance  due from
     SemGroup, L.P.

Certain related parties are customers of the Company for services other than
loans, including consumer banking, corporate banking, risk management, wealth
management, brokerage and trading, or fiduciary/trust services. The Company
engages in transactions with related parties in the ordinary course of business
in compliance with applicable regulations.

<PAGE> 102

The Company has an unsecured revolving credit agreement with George B. Kaiser,
its Chairman and principal shareholder as more fully described in Note 9. The
Company also rents office space in facilities owned by affiliates of Mr. Kaiser.
Lease payments for 2009 totaled $1.0 million.

In 2008, the Company entered into a $25 million loan commitment with the Tulsa
Community Foundation ("TCF") to be secured by tax-exempt bonds purchased from
the Tulsa Stadium Trust (the "Stadium Trust") by TCF. The Stadium Trust is an
Oklahoma public trust, of which the City of Tulsa is the sole beneficiary.
Stanley A. Lybarger, President and CEO of the Company, is Chairman of the
Stadium Trust.

Cavanal Hill Investment Management, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of BOk, is
the administrator to and investment advisor for the Cavanal Hill Funds (the
"Funds"), a diversified, open-ended investment company established as a business
trust under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the "1940 Act"). BOk is
custodian and BOSC, Inc. is distributor for the Funds. The Funds' products are
offered to customers, employee benefit plans, trusts and the general public in
the ordinary course of business. Approximately 99% of the Funds' assets of $2.6
billion are held for the Company's clients. A Company executive officer serves
on the Funds' board of trustees and BOk officers serve as president and
secretary of the Funds. A majority of the members of the Funds' board of
trustees are, however, independent of the Company and the Funds are managed by
its board of trustees.


(14) Commitments and Contingent Liabilities

On April 7, 2008, AXIA and its parent, BOK, received a Wells notice from the
regional office of the SEC in Los Angeles indicating that the staff is
considering recommending that the SEC bring a civil injunctive action against
AXIA and BOK for violations of Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1955,
Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, Sections 206(1) and (2) of
the Investment Advisors Act of 1940, and Sections 12(b) and 34(b) of the
Investment Company Act of 1940. During 2009, the staff of the SEC advised the
Company that it does not intend to recommend the Commission take any action as
originally contemplated by the Wells Notice received by the Company in
connection with the Staff's investigation of BISYS Fund Services Ohio, Inc.

BOSC, Inc. has been joined as a defendant in a putative class action brought on
behalf of unit holders of SemGroup Energy Partners, LP in the United States
District Court for the Northern District of Oklahoma. The lawsuit is brought
pursuant to Sections 11 and 12(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933 against all
of the underwriters of issuances of partnership units in the Initial Public
Offering in July 2007 and in a Secondary Offering in January 2008. BOSC
underwrote $6.25 million of units in the Initial Public Offering. BOSC was not
an underwriter in the Secondary Offering. Counsel for BOSC believes BOSC has
valid defenses to the claims asserted in the litigation and management does not
anticipate any material loss.

As a member of Visa, BOK Financial is obligated for a proportionate share of
certain covered litigation losses incurred by Visa under a retrospective
responsibility plan. A contingent liability was recognized for the Company's
share of Visa's covered litigation liabilities. This contingent liability
totaled $2.2 million at December 31, 2009. During 2008, Visa funded an escrow
account to cover litigation claims, including covered litigation losses under
the retrospective responsibility plan, with proceeds from its initial public
offering and from available cash. BOK Financial recognized a $2.2 million
receivable for its proportionate share of this escrow account.

BOK Financial received 410,562 Visa Class B shares as part of Visa's initial
public offering in the first quarter of 2008. A partial redemption of Class B
shares was completed and the Company received $6.8 million in cash in exchange
for 158,725 Class B shares. The remaining 251,837 Class B shares are convertible
into Visa Class A shares at the later of three years after the date of Visa's
initial public offering or the final settlement of all covered litigation. The
current exchange rate is approximately 0.5824 Class A shares for each Class B
share. However, the Company's Class B shares may be diluted in the future if the
escrow fund is not adequate to cover future covered litigation costs. Therefore,
under currently issued accounting guidance, no value has been currently assigned
to the Class B shares and no value may be assigned until the Class B shares are
converted into a known number of Class A shares.

At December 31, 2009, Cavanal Hill Funds' assets included $794 million of U.S.
Treasury, $1.1 billion of cash management and $550 million of tax-free money
market funds. Assets of these funds consist of highly-rated, short-term
obligations of the U.S. Treasury, corporate issuers and U.S. states and
municipalities. The net asset value of units in these funds was $1.00 at
December 31, 2009. An investment in these funds is not insured by the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation or guaranteed by BOK Financial or any of its
subsidiaries. BOK Financial may, but is not obligated to purchase assets from
these funds to maintain the net asset value at $1.00. No assets were purchased
from the funds in 2009, 2008 or 2007.

<PAGE> 103

BOk is obligated under a long-term lease for its bank premises owned by Williams
Companies, Inc. and located in downtown Tulsa. The Chairman and CEO of the
Williams Companies, Inc. is a director of BOK Financial Corporation. The lease
term, which began November 1, 1976, is for fifty-seven years with options to
terminate in 2014 and 2024. Annual base rent is $3.2 million. BOk subleases
portions of its space for annual rents of $206 thousand in 2010. Net rent
expense on this lease was $3.0 million in 2009, 2008 and 2007. Total rent
expense for BOK Financial was $21.4 million in 2009, $20.3 million in 2008 and
$18.8 million in 2007.

At December 31, 2009, future minimum lease payments for equipment and premises
under operating leases were as follows: $17.0 million in 2010, $15.5 million in
2011, $12.3 million in 2012, $10.1 million in 2013, $9.3 million in 2014 and a
total of $89.4 million thereafter. Premises leases may include options to renew
at then current market rates and may include escalation provisions based upon
changes in the consumer price index or similar benchmarks.

The Federal Reserve Bank requires member banks to maintain certain minimum
average cash balances. These balances were approximately $723 million and $373
million at December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively.

BOSC, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of BOK Financial, is an introducing broker
to Pershing, LLC for retail equity investment transactions. As such, it has
indemnified Pershing, LLC against losses due to a customer's failure to settle a
transaction or to repay a margin loan. All unsettled transactions and margin
loans are secured as required by applicable regulation. The amount of customer
balances subject to indemnification totaled $2.3 million at December 31, 2009.

At December 31, 2009, the Company has funded $51.7 million and has commitments
to fund an additional $9.9 million in various unrelated alternative investments.
Alternative investments generally consist of limited partnership interests in or
loans to entities that invest in distressed real estate loans and properties,
energy development, venture capital and other activities. The Company is
prohibited by banking regulations from controlling or actively managing the
activities of these investments.

BOKF Equity, LLC, indirectly a wholly-owned subsidiary of BOK Financial, is the
general partner in two private equity funds ("the Funds"). The Funds provide
alternative investment opportunities to certain customers, some of which are
related parties, through limited partnerships. The Funds generally invest in
distressed assets, asset buy-out or venture capital limited partnerships or
limited liability companies. The Funds' assets totaled $22.9 million and the
limited partners' ownership interests in the Funds totaled $19.4 million at
December 31, 2009. The Funds have no debt. The general partner has contingent
obligations through the Funds to make additional investments totaling $18.9
million as of December 31, 2009. Substantially all of those contingent
obligations are offset by commitments of the limited partners.

Bank of Oklahoma guarantees rents totaling $28.7 million through September, 2017
to the City of Tulsa ("City") as owner of a building immediately adjacent to the
Bank's main office for space currently rented by third-party tenants in the
building. All rent payments are current. Remaining guaranteed rents totaled
$22.8 million at December 31, 2009. In return for this guarantee, Bank of
Oklahoma will receive 80% of net cash flow as defined in an agreement with the
City over the next 10 years from currently vacant space in the same building.
None of this additional space has been rented to outside parties since the date
of the agreement. The maximum amount that Bank of Oklahoma may receive under
this agreement is $4.5 million.

In the ordinary course of business, BOK Financial and its subsidiaries are
subject to legal actions and complaints. Management believes, based upon the
opinion of counsel, that the actions and liability or loss, if any, resulting
from the final outcomes of the proceedings will not be material in the
aggregate.


 (15) Shareholders' Equity

Preferred Stock

One billion shares of preferred stock with a par value of $0.00005 per share are
authorized. The Series A Preferred Stock has no voting rights except as
otherwise provided by Oklahoma corporate law and may be converted into one share
of Common Stock for each 36 shares of Series A Preferred Stock at the option of
the holder. Dividends are cumulative at an annual rate of ten percent of the
$0.06 per share liquidation preference value when declared and are payable in
cash. Aggregate liquidation preference is $15 million. No Series A Preferred
Stock was outstanding in 2009, 2008 or 2007.

Common Stock

Common stock consists of 2.5 billion authorized shares with a $0.00006 par
value. Holders of common shares are entitled to one vote per share at the
election of the Board of Directors and on any question arising at any
shareholders' meeting and to receive dividends when and as declared.
Additionally, regulations restrict the ability of national banks and bank
holding companies to pay dividends.

Cash dividends paid on common stock totaled $64 million, $59 million and $50
million in 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively.

<PAGE> 104

Subsidiary Banks

The amounts of dividends that BOK Financial's subsidiary banks can declare and
the amounts of loans the subsidiary banks can extend to affiliates are limited
by various federal banking regulations and state corporate law. Generally,
dividends declared during a calendar year are limited to net profits, as
defined, for the year plus retained profits for the preceding two years. The
amounts of dividends are further restricted by minimum capital requirements.
Pursuant to the most restrictive of the regulations at December 31, 2009, BOK
Financial's subsidiary banks could declare dividends up to $225 million without
prior regulatory approval. Management has developed and the Board of Directors
has approved an internal capital policy that is more restrictive than the
regulatory capital standards. As of December 31, 2009, the subsidiary banks
could declare dividends of up to $190 million under this policy. The subsidiary
banks declared and paid dividends of $172 million, $76 million and $254 million
in 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively.

As defined by banking regulations, loan commitments and equity investments to a
single affiliate may not exceed 10% of unimpaired capital and surplus and loan
commitments and equity investments to all affiliates may not exceed 20% of
unimpaired capital and surplus. All loans to affiliates must be fully secured by
eligible collateral. At December 31, 2009, loan commitments and equity
investments were limited to $246 million to a single affiliate and $492 million
to all affiliates. The largest loan commitment and equity investment to a single
affiliate was $200 million and the aggregate loan commitments and equity
investments to all affiliates were $323 million. The largest outstanding amount
to a single affiliate was $44 million and the total outstanding amounts to all
affiliates were $83 million. At December 31, 2008, total loan commitments and
equity investments to all affiliates were $203 million. Total outstanding
amounts to all affiliates were $64 million.

Regulatory Capital

BOK Financial and its banking subsidiaries are subject to various capital
requirements administered by the federal banking agencies. Failure to meet
minimum capital requirements can initiate certain mandatory and additional
discretionary actions by regulators that could have a material effect on BOK
Financial's operations. These capital requirements include quantitative measures
of assets, liabilities and certain off-balance sheet items. The capital
standards are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about
components, risk weightings and other factors.

For a banking institution to qualify as well capitalized, Tier I, Total and
Leverage capital ratios must be at least 6%, 10% and 5%, respectively. Tier I
capital consists primarily of common stockholders' equity, excluding unrealized
gains or losses on available for sale securities, less goodwill, core deposit
premiums and certain other intangible assets. Total capital consists primarily
of Tier I capital plus preferred stock, subordinated debt and reserves for
credit losses, subject to certain limitations. All of BOK Financial's banking
subsidiaries exceeded the regulatory definition of well capitalized.

<PAGE> 105

<TABLE>
                                                                          December 31,
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                2009                          2008
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------------
                                                        Amount          Ratio          Amount        Ratio
                                                   ------------------------------------------------------------
 (Dollars in thousands)
 Total Capital (to Risk Weighted Assets):
<S>                                                 <C>                  <C>       <C>                  <C>
    Consolidated                                    $    2,492,771       14.43%    $    2,356,948       12.81%
    BOk                                                  1,623,887       13.82          1,584,353       12.22
    Bank of Texas                                          452,420       10.62            440,303       11.07
    Bank of Albuquerque                                    131,523       16.99            127,910       17.20
    Bank of Arkansas                                        37,202       16.13             34,395       12.18
    Colorado State Bank and Trust                           93,201       12.16             87,370       12.41
    Bank of Arizona                                         28,023       10.63             25,136       10.65
    Bank of Kansas City                                     14,679       17.86             16,057       28.42
 Tier I Capital (to Risk Weighted Assets):
    Consolidated                                    $    1,876,778       10.86%    $    1,728,926        9.40%
    BOk                                                  1,079,037        9.18          1,032,120        7.96
    Bank of Texas                                          398,937        9.36            390,444        9.82
    Bank of Albuquerque                                    121,816       15.73            118,588       15.94
    Bank of Arkansas                                        34,286       14.87             30,842       10.92
    Colorado State Bank and Trust                           85,328       11.13             80,232       11.39
    Bank of Arizona                                         24,676        9.36             22,133        9.37
    Bank of Kansas City                                     13,771       16.75             15,424       27.30
 Tier I Capital (to Average Assets):
    Consolidated                                    $    1,876,778       8.05%     $    1,728,926       7.89%
    BOk                                                  1,079,037       6.45           1,032,120       6.46
    Bank of Texas                                          398,937       7.24             390,444       9.30
    Bank of Albuquerque                                    121,816       6.54             118,588       7.22
    Bank of Arkansas                                        34,286      12.85              30,842      10.80
    Colorado State Bank and Trust                           85,328       6.96    -         80,232       6.90
    Bank of Arizona                                         24,676       9.60    -         22,133       9.55
    Bank of Kansas City                                     13,771      10.17    -         15,424      23.88
</TABLE>

<PAGE> 106

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ("AOCI") includes unrealized gains
and losses on available for sale securities and accumulated gains or losses on
effective cash flow hedges, including hedges of anticipated transactions. Gains
and losses in AOCI are net of deferred income taxes. Accumulated losses on the
rate lock hedge of the 2005 subordinated debenture issuance will be reclassified
into income over the ten-year life of the debt. Unrealized losses on employee
benefit plans will be reclassified into income as pension plan costs are
recognized over the remaining service period of plan participants.

<TABLE>
                                                    Unrealized     Other   Accumulated  Unrealized
                                                    Gain (Loss)    Than     (Loss) on     (Loss)
                                                   On Available  Temporary  Effective       On
                                                     For Sale   Impairment  Cash Flow    Employee
                                                    Securities    Losses      Hedges   Benefit Plans    Total
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                  <C>          <C>        <C>        <C>           <C>
  Balance at December 31, 2006                       $ (59,152)   $      -   $  (2,935) $ (11,357)    $ (73,444)
     Unrealized gains on securities                     48,308           -           -          -        48,308
     Unrealized gains on cash flow hedges                    -           -       2,201          -         2,201
     Unrealized gains on employee benefit plans              -           -           -      7,518         7,518
     Tax benefit (expense) on unrealized gains (losses)(17,239)          -        (856)    (2,925)      (21,020)
     Reclassification adjustment for losses
       realized and included in net income               8,117           -         211       (384)        7,944
     Reclassification adjustment for tax benefit
       on realized losses                               (2,809)          -         (82)       150        (2,741)
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Balance at December 31, 2007                       $ (22,775)$          -  $  (1,461) $  (6,998)    $ (31,234)
     Unrealized losses on securities                  (236,990)          -           -          -      (236,990)
     Unrealized gains on cash flow hedges                    -           -         139          -           139
     Unrealized losses on employee benefit plans             -           -           -    (16,434)      (16,434)
     Tax benefit (expense) on unrealized gains (losses) 70,492           -         (54)     6,393        76,831
     Reclassification adjustment for (gains) losses
       realized and included in net income             (21,926)          -         289          -       (21,637)
     Reclassification adjustment for tax expense
       (benefit) on realized gains (losses)              6,551           -        (112)         -         6,439
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Balance at December 31, 2008                       $(204,648)     $    -   $  (1,199) $ (17,039)    $(222,886)
     Unrealized gains on securities                    418,477      10,053           -          -       428,530
     Other-than-temporary impairments losses on securities   -     (94,741)          -          -       (94,741)
     Unrealized gains on employee benefit plans              -           -           -        926           926
     Tax benefit (expense) on unrealized gains (losses)(146,743)    31,688           -       (360)     (115,415)
     Reclassification adjustment for (gains) losses
       realized and included in net income             (11,970)          -         262          -       (11,708)
     Reclassification adjustment for tax expense
       (benefit) on realized gains (losses)              4,656           -        (102)         -         4,554
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Balance at December 31, 2009                       $  59,772   $ (53,000)  $  (1,039) $ (16,473)    $ (10,740)
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

<PAGE> 107

(16) Earnings per Share

Effective January 1, 2009, unvested share-based payment awards that contain
non-forfeitable rights to dividends or dividend equivalents (whether paid or
unpaid) are participating securities and shall be included in the computation of
earnings per share pursuant to the two-class method. The Company has determined
that its outstanding non-vested stock awards are participating securities.
Accordingly, earnings per common share are computed using the two-class method.
All previously reported earnings per common share data has been retrospectively
adjusted to conform to the new computation method, the effects of which were not
material. The following table presents the computation of basis and diluted
earnings per share (dollar in thousands, except per share data):

<TABLE>
                                                                          Years ended December 31,
                                                                  -----------------------------------------
                                                                       2009         2008         2007
                                                                  -----------------------------------------
Numerator:
<S>                                                                <C>           <C>          <C>
   Net income                                                      $  200,578    $  153,232   $  217,664
   Earnings allocated to participating securities                        (818)         (384)        (462)
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Numerator for basic earnings per share - income
   available to common shareholders                                   199,760       152,848      217,202
Effect of reallocating undistributed earnings of participating securities   1           (40)           2
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Numerator for diluted earnings per share - income available
   to common shareholders                                          $  199,761    $  152,808   $  217,204
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Denominator:
Weighted average shares outstanding                                67,653,035    67,428,086   67,220,529
Less:  Participating securities included in weighted average
    shares outstanding                                               (277,648)     (125,096)    (137,329)
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Denominator for basic earnings per common share                    67,375,387    67,302,990   67,083,200
    Dilutive effect of employee stock compensation plans (1)          112,557       158,371      436,542
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Denominator for diluted earnings per common share                  67,487,944    67,461,361   67,519,742
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Basic earnings per share                                              $  2.96       $  2.27      $  3.24
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Diluted earnings per share                                            $  2.96       $  2.27      $  3.22
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(1) Excludes employee stock options with exercise prices greater
than current market price.                                          2,735,375     1,571,239      799,087
</TABLE>


 (17) Reportable Segments

BOK Financial operates three principal lines of business: commercial banking,
consumer banking and wealth management. Commercial banking includes lending,
treasury and cash management services and customer risk management products to
small businesses, middle market and larger commercial customers. Commercial
banking also includes the TransFund network. Consumer banking includes retail
lending and deposit services, all mortgage banking activities and our indirect
automobile lending products. Wealth management provides fiduciary services,
brokerage and trading, private bank services and investment advisory services in
all markets.

In addition to its lines of business, BOK Financial has a funds management unit.
The primary purpose of this unit is to manage the overall liquidity needs and
interest rate risk of the Company. Each line of business borrows funds from and
provides funds to the funds management unit as needed to support their
operations. Operating results for funds management and other include the effect
of interest rate risk positions and risk management activities, securities gains
and losses including impairment charges, the provision for credit losses in
excess of net loans charged off, tax planning strategies and certain executive
compensation costs that are not attributed to the lines of business.

BOK Financial allocates resources and evaluates performance of its lines of
business after allocation of funds, certain indirect expenses, taxes based on
statutory rates, actual net credit losses and capital costs. The cost of funds
borrowed from the funds management unit by the operating lines of business is
transfer priced at rates that approximate market for funds with similar
duration. Market is generally based on the applicable LIBOR or interest rate
swap rates, adjusted for prepayment risk. This method of transfer-pricing funds
that support assets of the operating lines of business tends to insulate them
from interest rate risk.

The value of funds provided by the operating lines of business to the funds
management unit is based on applicable Federal Home Loan Bank advance rates.
Deposit accounts with indeterminate maturities, such as demand deposit accounts
and interest-bearing transaction accounts, are transfer-priced at a rolling
average based on expected duration of the accounts. The expected duration ranges
from 30 days for certain rate-sensitive deposits to five years.

Economic capital is assigned to the business units by a third-party developed
capital allocation model that reflects management's assessment of risk. This
model assigns capital based upon credit, operating, interest rate and market
risk inherent in our business lines and recognizes the diversification benefits
among the units. The level of assigned economic capital is a combination of the
risk taken by each business line, based on its actual exposures and calibrated
to its own loss

<PAGE> 108

history where possible.  Average invested capital includes  economic capital and
amounts we have invested in the lines of business.

Substantially all revenue is from domestic customers. No single external
customer accounts for more than 10% of total revenue.

<TABLE>
                                                                              Funds
                                  Commercial      Consumer      Wealth     Management
 (In Thousands)                     Banking       Banking     Management    and Other      Total
                                ---------------------------------------------------------------------
 Year ended December 31, 2009

 Net interest revenue/(expense)
<S>                                <C>            <C>           <C>         <C>         <C>
    from external sources          $  345,375     $   57,893    $ 25,899    $ 281,197   $   710,364
 Net interest revenue/(expense)
    from internal sources             (52,598)        73,565      18,746      (39,713)            -
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Total net interest revenue           292,777        131,458      44,645      241,484       710,364

 Other operating revenue              133,703        182,895     156,360       11,688       484,646
 Operating expense                    224,065        256,337     171,543       50,947       702,892
 Net loans charged off                100,749         24,366      11,399       59,386       195,900
 Change in fair value of
    mortgage servicing rights               -         12,124           -            -        12,124
 Gains (losses) on financial
    instruments, net                        -        (13,198)          -       21,542         8,344
 Gains (losses) on repossessed
    assets, net                        (7,500)         1,773           -         (238)       (5,965)
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Income before taxes                   94,166         34,349      18,063      164,143       310,721
 Federal and state income tax          36,630         13,362       7,026       49,687       106,705
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Net income before
      non-controlling interest         57,536         20,987      11,037      114,456       204,016
 Net income (loss) attributable
      to non-controlling interest           -              -           -        3,438         3,438
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Net income                        $   57,536     $   20,987    $ 11,037    $ 111,018   $   200,578
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Average assets                  $ 10,116,014     $6,149,598  $3,032,007   $3,839,768   $23,137,387
 Average invested capital           1,042,101        225,540     194,731      614,669     2,077,041

 Performance measurements:
    Return on assets                     0.57%          0.34%        0.36%          -         0.87%
    Return on invested capital           5.52           9.31         5.67           -         9.66
    Efficiency ratio                    52.54          81.54        85.34           -        58.82
</TABLE>


Reconciliation to Consolidated Financial Statements

<TABLE>
                                                 Other         Other
                               Net Interest    Operating     Operating       Net        Average
                                 Revenue        Revenue       Expense      Income       Assets
                              ---------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                              <C>           <C>            <C>          <C>        <C>
 Total reportable segments       $468,880      $ 472,958      $645,548     $ 89,560   $19,297,619
 Unallocated items:
    Tax-equivalent adjustment       8,074              -             -        8,074             -
    Funds management and other
      (including eliminations),
       net                        233,410         11,688        51,185      102,944     3,839,768
 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 BOK Financial consolidated      $710,364      $ 484,646      $696,733     $200,578   $23,137,387
 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

<PAGE> 109

<TABLE>
                                                                              Funds
                                  Commercial      Consumer      Wealth     Management
 (In Thousands)                     Banking       Banking     Management    and Other      Total
                                ---------------------------------------------------------------------
 Year ended December 31, 2008

 Net interest revenue/(expense)
<S>                                <C>            <C>           <C>         <C>         <C>
    from external sources          $  451,624     $   32,076    $ 12,617    $ 150,545   $   646,862
 Net interest revenue/(expense)
    from internal sources            (134,191)       118,728      32,853      (17,390)            -
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Total net interest revenue           317,433        150,804      45,470      133,155       646,862

 Other operating revenue              107,185        148,885     156,133       (6,415)      405,788
 Operating expense                    216,655        219,024     149,966       42,733       628,378
 Net loans charged off                 81,966         16,726       2,961      100,940       202,593
 Change in fair value of
    mortgage servicing rights               -        (34,515)          -            -       (34,515)
 Gains (losses) on financial
    instruments, net                    4,689         12,525          (7)       5,729        22,936
 Gains (losses) on repossessed
    assets, net                           (82)           193           -          378           489
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Income (loss) before taxes           130,604         42,142      48,669      (10,826)      210,589
 Federal and state income tax          50,805         16,393      18,932      (21,221)       64,909
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Net income before
      non-controlling interest         79,799         25,749      29,737       10,395       145,680
 Net income (loss) attributable to
      non-controlling interest              -              -           -       (7,552)       (7,552)
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Net income                        $   79,799     $   25,749    $ 29,737    $  17,947   $   153,232
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Average assets                  $ 11,049,565     $5,764,667  $2,193,386    $2,602,201  $21,609,819
 Average invested capital           1,103,656        207,586     183,845      512,810     1,946,342

 Performance measurements:
    Return on assets                     0.72%          0.45%        1.36%          -         0.71%
    Return on invested capital           7.23          12.40        16.18           -         7.87
    Efficiency ratio                    51.02          73.08        74.39           -        59.69
</TABLE>


Reconciliation to Consolidated Financial Statements

<TABLE>
                                                 Other         Other
                               Net Interest    Operating     Operating       Net        Average
                                 Revenue        Revenue       Expense      Income       Assets
                              ---------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                              <C>           <C>            <C>          <C>        <C>
 Total reportable segments       $513,707      $ 412,203      $620,049     $135,285   $19,007,618
 Unallocated items:
    Tax-equivalent adjustment       8,228              -             -        8,228             -
    Funds management and other
      (including eliminations),
       net                        124,927         (6,415)       42,355        9,719     2,602,201
 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 BOK Financial consolidated      $646,862      $ 405,788      $662,404     $153,232   $21,609,819
 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

<PAGE> 110

<TABLE>
                                                                              Funds
                                  Commercial      Consumer      Wealth     Management
 (In Thousands)                     Banking       Banking     Management    and Other      Total
                                ---------------------------------------------------------------------
 Year ended December 31, 2007

 Net interest revenue/(expense)
<S>                                <C>            <C>           <C>         <C>         <C>
    from external sources          $  526,225     $   (7,807)   $  8,562    $  17,505   $   544,485
 Net interest revenue/(expense)
    from internal sources            (200,390)       163,028      37,627         (265)            -
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Total net interest revenue           325,835        155,221      46,189       17,240       544,485

 Other operating revenue              131,081        144,585     130,681        1,679       408,026
 Operating expense                    201,876        193,600     133,436       43,265       572,177
 Net loans charged off                  9,747          9,233       1,513       14,228        34,721
 Change in fair value of
    mortgage servicing rights               -         (2,893)          -            -        (2,893)
 Gains (losses) on financial
    instruments, net                    1,075           (486)         13       (6,648)       (6,046)
 Gains (losses) on repossessed
    assets, net                            10            107           -          (34)           83
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Income (loss) before taxes           246,378         93,701      41,934      (45,256)      336,757
 Federal and state income tax          95,841         36,450      16,312      (32,842)      115,761
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Net income (loss) before non-
      controlling interest            150,537         57,251      25,622      (12,414)      220,996
 Net income (loss) attributable to
      non-controlling interest              -              -           -        3,332         3,332
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Net income (loss)                 $  150,537     $   57,251    $ 25,622    $ (15,746)  $   217,664
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Average assets                  $  9,646,637     $5,509,485  $1,743,943    $2,125,703  $19,025,768
 Average invested capital           1,095,314        180,393     171,159      365,597     1,812,463

 Performance measurements:
    Return on assets                     1.56%          1.04%        1.47%          -         1.14%
    Return on invested capital          13.77          31.74        14.97           -        12.01
    Efficiency ratio                    44.08          64.58        75.44           -        60.07
</TABLE>


Reconciliation to Consolidated Financial Statements

<TABLE>
                                                 Other         Other
                               Net Interest    Operating     Operating       Net        Average
                                 Revenue        Revenue       Expense      Income       Assets
                              ---------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                              <C>           <C>            <C>          <C>        <C>
 Total reportable segments       $527,245      $ 406,347      $531,688     $233,410   $16,900,065
 Unallocated items:
    Tax-equivalent adjustment       9,120              -             -        9,120             -
    Funds management and other
      (including eliminations),
       net                          8,120          1,679        43,299      (24,866)    2,125,703
 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 BOK Financial consolidated      $544,485      $ 408,026      $574,987     $217,664   $19,025,768
 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

<PAGE> 111

(18) Fair Value of Financial Instruments

Fair value is defined by applicable accounting guidance as the price to sell an
asset or transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market
participants in the principal market for the given asset or liability. Certain
assets and liabilities are recorded in the Company's financial statements at
fair value. Some are recorded on a recurring basis and some on a non-recurring
basis.

The following table presents the carrying values and estimated fair values of
all financial instruments, including those financial assets and liabilities that
are not measured and reported at fair value on a recurring basis or
non-recurring basis as of December 31, 2009 and 2008 (dollars in thousands):

<TABLE>
                                                                  Range of      Average                    Estimated
                                                   Carrying      Contractual   Re-pricing    Discount        Fair
                                                     Value         Yields      (in years)      Rate          Value
                                                 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
 2009:
<S>                                                <C>                <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>
   Cash and cash equivalents                       $ 921,216                                              $  921,216
   Securities                                      9,463,732                                               9,470,031
   Residential mortgage loans held for sale          217,826          -             -           -            217,826
   Loans:
      Commercial                                   6,207,840     1.04 -18.00%      0.47       0.23 - 3.81% 6,118,613
      Commercial real estate                       2,491,434     2.00 -18.00       1.24       0.24 - 3.81  2,457,730
      Residential mortgage                         1,793,622     0.08 -12.75       6.93       0.74 - 4.85  1,920,449
      Consumer                                       786,802     1.75 -21.00       1.26        3.81          807,288
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
        Total loans                               11,279,698                                              11,304,080
        Reserve for loan losses                     (292,095)                                                      -
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Net loans                                     10,987,603                                              11,304,080
    Mortgage servicing rights                         73,824                                                  73,824
    Derivative instruments with positive
      fair value, net of cash margin                 343,782                                                 343,782
    Other assets - private equity funds               22,917                                                  22,917
    Deposits with no stated maturity              11,750,235                                              11,750,235
    Time deposits                                  3,767,993     0.02 - 10.00      2.09    0.06 - 2.34     3,776,149
    Other borrowings                               4,605,100     0.25 -  6.58      0.05    0.06 - 0.25     4,989,509
    Subordinated debentures                          398,539        5.58           3.55        1.79          442,738
    Derivative instruments with negative
      fair value, net of cash margin                 308,360                                                 308,360
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 2008:
   Cash and cash equivalents                       $ 694,942                                              $  694,942
   Securities                                      7,132,607                                               7,136,032
   Residential mortgage loans held for sale          129,246          -             -           -            129,246
   Loans:
      Commercial                                   7,411,603     0.25 -18.00%      0.35       0.44 - 3.81% 7,344,753
      Commercial real estate                       2,701,248     1.75 -18.00       1.49       1.00 - 3.81  2,703,146
      Residential mortgage                         1,752,574     5.00 -10.45       7.10       1.76 - 3.53  2,086,901
      Consumer                                     1,010,581     1.50 -21.00       1.22        3.81        1,063,566
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
        Total loans                               12,876,006                                              13,198,366
        Reserve for loan losses                     (233,236)                                                      -
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Net loans                                     12,642,770                                              13,198,366
    Mortgage servicing rights                         42,752                                                  42,752
    Derivative instruments with positive
      fair value, net of cash margin                 452,604                                                 452,604
    Other assets - private equity funds               15,891                                                  15,891
    Deposits with no stated maturity               9,799,364                                               9,799,364
    Time deposits                                  5,183,243     0.15  - 9.74      1.89    0.13 - 1.66     5,238,740
    Other borrowings                               4,547,453     1.85 -  4.52      0.54    0.09 - 6.56     4,085,035
    Subordinated debentures                          398,407        5.59           4.57        1.41          466,280
    Derivative instruments with negative
      fair value, net of cash margin                 667,034                                                 667,034
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

Because no market exists for certain of these financial instruments and
management does not intend to sell these financial instruments, BOK Financial
the fair values shown above may not represent values at which the respective
financial instruments could be sold individually or in the aggregate.

<PAGE> 112

The following methods and assumptions were used in estimating the fair value of
these financial instruments:

Cash and Cash Equivalents

The book value reported in the consolidated balance sheet for cash and
short-term instruments approximates those assets' fair values.

Securities

The fair values of securities are based on quoted prices for identical
instruments in active markets, when available. If quoted prices for identical
instruments are not available, fair values are based on significant other
observable inputs such as quoted prices of comparable instruments or interest
rates and credit spreads, yield curves, volatilities prepayment speeds and loss
severities. Fair values for a a portion of the securities portfolio are based on
significant unobservable inputs, including projected cash flows discounted as
rates indicated by comparison to securities with similar credit and liquidity
risk.

Derivatives

All derivative instruments are carried on the balance sheet at fair value. Fair
values for exchange-traded contracts are based on quoted prices. Fair values for
over-the-counter interest rate, commodity and foreign exchange contracts are
based on valuations provided either by third-party dealers in the contracts,
quotes provided by independent pricing services, or a third-party provided
pricing model.

Residential Mortgage Loans Held for Sale

Residential mortgage loans held for sale are carried on the balance sheet at
fair value. The fair values of residential mortgage loans held for sale are
based upon quoted market prices of such loans sold in securitization
transactions, including related unfunded loan commitments.

Loans

The fair value of loans, excluding loans held for sale, are based on discounted
cash flow analyses using interest rates and credit and liquidity spreads
currently being offered for loans with similar remaining terms to maturity and
risk, adjusted for the impact of interest rate floors and ceilings. The fair
values of loans were estimated to approximate their discounted cash flows less
loan loss reserves allocated to these loans of $274 million and $210 million at
December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively.

Other Assets - Private Equity Funds

The fair value of the portfolio investments of the Company's two private equity
funds are based upon net asset value reported by the underlying funds, as
adjusted by the general partner when necessary to represent the price that would
be received to sell the assets. Private equity fund assets are long-term,
illiquid investments. No secondary market exists for these assets. They may only
be realized through cash distributions from the underlying funds.

Deposits

The fair values of time deposits are based on discounted cash flow analyses
using interest rates currently being offered on similar transactions. Estimated
fair value of deposits with no stated maturity, which includes demand deposits,
transaction deposits, money market deposits and savings accounts, is equal to
the amount payable on demand. Although market premiums paid reflect an
additional value for these low cost deposits, adjusting fair value for the
expected benefit of these deposits is prohibited. Accordingly, the positive
effect of such deposits is not included in this table.

Other Borrowings and Subordinated Debentures

The fair values of these instruments are based upon discounted cash flow
analyses using interest rates currently being offered on similar instruments.

Off-Balance Sheet Instruments

The fair values of commercial loan commitments are based on fees currently
charged to enter into similar agreements, taking into account the remaining
terms of the agreements. The fair values of these off-balance sheet instruments
were not significant at December 31, 2009 and 2008.

<PAGE> 113

Assets and liabilities recorded at fair value in the financial statement on a
recurring and non-recurring basis are grouped into three broad levels as
follows:

     Quoted Prices in active Markets for Identical Instruments - Fair value is
     based on unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or
     liabilities.

     Significant Other Observable Inputs - fair value is based on significant
     other observable inputs are generally determined based on a single price
     for each financial instrument provided to us by an applicable third-party
     pricing service and are based on one or more of the following:

     o    Quoted prices for similar, but not identical, assets or liabilities in
          active markets;
     o    Quoted  prices for  identical  or  similar  assets or  liabilities  in
          inactive markets;
     o    Inputs other than quoted prices that are observable,  such as interest
          rate  and  yield  curves,   volatilities,   prepayment  speeds,   loss
          severities, credit risks and default rates;
     o    Other inputs derived from or corroborated by observable market inputs.

Significant Unobservable Inputs - Fair value is based upon model-based valuation
techniques for which at least one significant assumption is not observable in
the market.

The underlying methods used by the third-party pricing services are considered
in determining the primary inputs used to determine fair values. Management has
evaluated the methodologies employed by the third-party pricing services by
comparing the price provided by the pricing service with other sources,
including brokers' quotes, sales or purchases of similar instruments and
discounted cash flows to establish a basis for reliance on the pricing service
values. Significant differences between the pricing service provided value and
other sources are discussed with the pricing service to understand the basis for
their values. Based on this evaluation, we determined that the results represent
prices that would be received to sell assets or paid to transfer liabilities in
orderly transactions in the current market.

Fair Value of Financial Instruments Measured on a Recurring Basis

The fair value of financial assets and liabilities that are measured on a
recurring basis are as follows as of December 31, 2009 (in thousands):

<TABLE>
                                                          Quoted Prices
                                                             in Active      Significant      Significant
                                                            Markets for        Other        Unobservable
                                                  Total      Identical       Observable        Inputs
                                                            Instruments        Inputs
                                              ----------- ---------------- --------------- ----------------
   Assets:
<S>                                             <C>          <C>              <C>            <C>
    Trading securities                          $65,354      $    1,282       $  54,272      $ 9,800
    Investment securities                       246,704                         246,704
    Available for sale securities:
      U.S. Treasury                               7,020           7,020
      Municipal and other tax-exempt             62,201                          25,603       36,598
      Mortgage-backed securities              8,601,690                       8,601,690
      Other debt securities                      17,147                              31       17,116
      Federal Reserve Bank stock                 32,526                          32,526
      Federal Home Loan Bank stock               78,999                          78,999
      Perpetual preferred stock                  22,275                          22,275
      Equity securities and mutual funds         50,165          24,424          25,741
                                              ----------- ---------------- --------------- ----------------
                                              8,872,023          31,444       8,786,865       53,714

    Mortgage trading securities                 285,950                         285,950
    Residential mortgage loans held for sale    217,826                         217,826
    Mortgage servicing rights                    73,824                                       73,824 (1)
    Derivative contracts, net of cash margin    343,782           1,175         342,607
     Other assets - private equity funds         22,917                                       22,917

   Liabilities:
    Certificates of deposit                      98,031                          98,031
    Derivative contracts, net of cash margin    308,360             875         307,485

</TABLE>

(1)      A reconciliation of the beginning and ending fair value of mortgage
         servicing rights and disclosures of significant assumptions used to
         determine fair value are presented in Note 7, Mortgage Banking
         Activities.

<PAGE> 114

The fair value of certain municipal and other debt securities classified as
trading or available for sale are based on significant unobservable inputs.
These significant unobservable inputs include limited observed trades, projected
cash flows, current credit rating of the issuers and, when applicable, the
insurers of the debt and observed trades of similar debt. Discount rates are
primarily based on reference to interest rate spreads on comparable securities
of similar duration and credit rating as determined by the nationally recognized
rating agencies adjusted for a lack trading volume. Taxable securities rated
investment grade by all nationally recognized rating agencies are generally
valued to yield a range of 1.73% to 2.79%. As of December 31, 2009, average
yields on comparable short-term taxable securities are generally less than 1%.
Tax-exempt securities rated investment grade by all nationally recognized rating
agencies are generally valued using a spread of 70 to 80 basis points over
average yields of comparable securities as of December 31, 2009. Approximately
$9.7 million of our municipal and other tax-exempt securities are rated below
investment grade by at least one of the three nationally recognized rating
agencies. The fair value of these securities is determined using a spread of 370
to 380 basis points over average yields for comparable municipal securities as
of December 31, 2009. All of these securities are currently performing in
accordance with their respective contractual terms.

The following represents the changes for the year ended December 31, 2009
related to assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis using significant
unobservable inputs (in thousands):

<TABLE>
                                                                      Available for Sale Securities
                                                              -------------------------------------------
                                                                                               Other
                                                                Municipal                     assets -
                                                    Trading     and other     Other debt      private
                                                 Securities    tax-exempt     securities    equity funds
                                                 ------------ -------------- -------------- -------------
<S>                                                 <C>          <C>             <C>           <C>
   Balance at December 31, 2008                     $    -       $    -          $   -         $ 15,891
   Transfer to significant unobservable inputs      44,650            -              -              -
   Transfer from trading to available for sale     (45,890)      32,540         13,350              -
   Purchases, sales, issuances and settlements, net 11,850        4,268          3,792          2,906
   Gain (loss) recognized in earnings (1)             (810)           -              -          4,120
   Other comprehensive income (loss)                     -         (210)           (26)             -
                                                 ------------ -------------- -------------- -------------
Balance December 31, 2009                           $9,800     $ 36,598       $ 17,116       $ 22,917
                                                 ============ ============== ============== =============
</TABLE>

(1) Loss on trading securities included in Brokerage and Trading Revenue. Gain
on private equity funds included in Gain on Other Assets.

Approximately $45 million of trading securities were transferred to significant
unobservable inputs during 2009. Independent pricing of these securities was
discontinued due to a lack of observable inputs. The Company purchased an
additional $12 million of similar securities into the trading portfolio after
independent pricing was discontinued. Losses recognized in earnings during 2009
based on significant unobservable inputs totaled $810 thousand and included $513
thousand on securities transferred and $297 thousand on securities purchased.

Substantially all trading securities with fair values based on significant
unobservable inputs were transferred available for sale during 2009 based on
sales limitations and banking regulations.

Fair Value of Financial Instruments Measured on a Non-Recurring Basis

Assets measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis include pension plan
assets, which are based on quoted prices in active markets for identical
instruments, collateral for certain impaired loans and real property and other
assets acquired to satisfy loans, which are based primarily on comparisons to
completed sales of similar assets. In addition, goodwill impairment is evaluated
based on the fair value of the Company's reporting units.

The following represents the carrying value of assets measured at fair value on
a non-recurring basis (and related losses) during the period. The carrying value
represents only those assets adjusted to fair value during the year ended
December 31, 2009:

<TABLE>
                                                    Carrying Value at December 31, 2009
                                                 ------------------------------------------
                                                 Quoted Prices
                                                    in Active     Significant                       Fair Value
                                                  Markets for       Other       Significant        Adjustments
                                                   Identical      Observable    Unobservable    for the year ended
                                                  Instruments       Inputs         Inputs       December 31, 2009
                                                 ------------ -------------- -------------- ---------------------
<S>                                                 <C>            <C>           <C>                <C>
   Impaired loans                                   $    -         $73,195       $  -               $73,985
   Real estate and other repossessed assets              -          21,042          -                 8,611
</TABLE>


Fair value adjustments of impaired loans are charged against the allowance for
loan losses. Fair value adjustments of real estate and other repossessed assets
are charged against operating expenses as net gains, losses and operating
expenses of repossessed assets.

<PAGE> 115

The fair value of pension plan assets was approximately $42 million at December
31, 2009 determined by significant other observable inputs. Fair value
adjustments of pension plan assets along with changes in projected benefit
obligation are recognized in other comprehensive income (loss).

Intangible assets, which consist primarily of goodwill, core deposit intangible
assets and other acquired intangibles, for each business unit are evaluated for
impairment annually as of October 1st or more frequently if conditions indicate
that impairment may have occurred. The evaluation of possible impairment of
intangible assets involves significant judgment based upon short-term and
long-term projections of future performance.

The fair value of each of our reporting units is estimated by the discounted
future earnings method. Income growth is projected for each of our reporting
units for 2010 through 2015 and a terminal value is computed. The projected
income stream is converted to current fair value by using a discount rate that
reflects a rate of return required by a willing buyer. Assumptions used to value
our business units are based on growth rates, volatility, discount rate and
market risk premium inherent in our current stock price. These assumptions are
to be significant unobservable inputs and represent our best estimate of
assumptions that market participants would use to determine fair value of the
respective reporting units. Critical assumptions in our evaluation were a 12.00%
average expected long-term growth rate, a 0.74% volatility factor for BOK
Financial common stock, a 10.60% discount rate, and a 9.86% market risk premium.
In general, the growth rate for all reporting units is expected to remain flat
in 2010 as the impact of the present recession lessens, with acceleration in
growth rates in future years, based on the expectation of improving overall
economic growth in future years.

Fair Value Election

Certain certificates of deposit were designated as carried at fair value. This
determination is made based on the Company's intent to convert these
certificates from fixed interest rates to variable interest rates based on LIBOR
with interest rate swaps that have not been designated as hedging instruments.
The fair value election for these liabilities better represents the economic
effect of these instruments on the Company. At December 31, 2009, the fair value
and contractual principal amount of these certificates was $98 million and $97
million, respectively. Change in the fair value of these certificates of deposit
resulted in an unrealized gain $7.9 million in 2009, which is included in Gain
(Loss) on Derivatives, net on the Consolidated Statement of Earnings.

As more fully disclosed in Note 2 and Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements, the Company has elected to carry certain mortgage-backed securities
which have been designated as economic hedges against changes in the fair value
of mortgage servicing rights and residential mortgage loans held for sale at
fair value. Changes in the fair value of these financial instruments are
recognized in earnings.

(19) Parent Company Only Financial Statements

Summarized financial information for BOK Financial - Parent Company Only
follows:

Balance Sheets
 (In Thousands)                                         December 31,
                                                ---------------------------
                                                     2009          2008
                                                ---------------------------
 Assets
 Cash and cash equivalents                        $   19,088    $   20,324
 Securities - available for sale                      49,669         9,900
 Investment in subsidiaries                        2,138,253     1,865,514
 Other assets                                         47,240         1,623
 --------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Total assets                                  $2,254,250    $1,897,361
 --------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity
 Other borrowings                                 $        -    $   50,000
 Other liabilities                                    48,437         1,104
 --------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Total liabilities                                 48,437        51,104
 --------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Common stock                                              4             4
 Capital surplus                                     758,723       743,411
 Retained earnings                                 1,563,683     1,427,057
 Treasury stock                                     (105,857)     (101,329)
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss                (10,740)     (222,886)
 --------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Total shareholders' equity                     2,205,813     1,846,257
 --------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Total liabilities and shareholders' equity    $2,254,250    $1,897,361
 --------------------------------------------------------------------------

<PAGE> 116

Statements of Earnings
 (In Thousands)
<TABLE>
                                                           2009           2008         2007
                                                      -------------------------------------------
<S>                                                       <C>            <C>           <C>
 Dividends, interest and fees received from subsidiaries  $172,023       $ 76,587      $254,256
 Other operating revenue                                       674            359           482
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Total revenue                                          172,697         76,946       254,738
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Interest expense                                              581          2,131           715
 Professional fees and services                                  -            842           601
 Other operating expense                                         -            290           220
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Total expense                                              581          3,263         1,536
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Income before taxes and equity in undistributed
    income of subsidiaries                                 172,116         73,683       253,202
 Federal and state income tax expense (credit)                 738         (1,505)          497
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Income before equity in undistributed income of
   subsidiaries                                            171,378         75,188       252,705
 Equity in undistributed income of subsidiaries             29,200         78,044       (35,041)
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Net income                                               $200,578       $153,232      $217,664
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Statements of Cash Flows
 (In Thousands)
                                                             2009         2008         2007
                                                         ----------------------------------------
 Cash flows from operating activities:
    Net income                                              $200,578     $153,232     $217,664
    Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash
      provided by operating activities:
        Equity in undistributed income of subsidiaries       (70,959)     (78,044)      35,041
        Tax (expense) benefit on exercise of stock options       276         (895)      (3,460)
        Change in other assets                               (45,617)      (3,930)      (3,090)
        Change in other liabilities                           47,333         (402)        (585)
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Net cash provided by operating activities                   131,611       69,961      245,570
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Cash flows from investing activities:
    Purchases of available for sale securities                (2,903)           -            -
    Investment in subsidiaries                               (26,500)     (16,244)    (240,718)
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Net cash used by investing activities                       (29,403)     (16,244)    (240,718)
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Cash flows from financing activities:
    Increase in other borrowings                                   -       50,000       50,000
    Pay down of other borrowings                             (50,000)     (50,000)           -
    Issuance of common and treasury stock, net                10,508        9,533       20,667
    Cash dividends                                           (63,952)     (59,191)     (50,416)
    Repurchase of common stock                                     -       (7,992)     (17,353)
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Net cash used by financing activities                      (103,444)     (57,650)       2,898
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Net change in cash and cash equivalents                      (1,236)      (3,933)       7,750
 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period             20,324       24,257       16,507
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period                 $ 19,088     $ 20,324     $ 24,257
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Cash paid for interest                                     $    589     $  2,282     $    560
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

(20) Subsequent Events

The Company evaluated events from the date of the consolidated financial
statements on December 31, 2009 through the issuance of those consolidated
financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K on February 26,
2010 and has disclosed the subsequent purchase of mortgage servicing rights in
Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

No additional events were identified requiring recognition in and/or disclosure
in the consolidated financial statements.

<PAGE> 117

<PAGE> 118

Annual Financial Summary - Unaudited

Consolidated Daily Average Balances,
Average Yields and Rates

<TABLE>
 (Dollars in Thousands)                                                                   2009
                                                                     -----------------------------------------------
                                                                         Average        Revenue/         Yield/
                                                                         Balance       Expense(1)         Rate
                                                                     -----------------------------------------------
 Assets
<S>                                                                      <C>               <C>              <C>
    Taxable securities(3)                                               $ 7,896,861       $328,997         4.32%
    Tax-exempt securities(3)                                                274,508         15,376         5.60
 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      Total securities(3)                                                 8,171,369        344,373         4.36
 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Trading securities                                                       89,240          3,700         4.15
    Funds sold and resell agreements                                         44,348             77         0.17
    Residential mortgage loans held for sale                                218,305         10,102         4.63
    Loans(2)                                                             12,133,912        564,391         4.65
      Less reserve for loan losses                                          279,689              -          -
 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Loans, net of reserve                                                11,854,223        564,391         4.76
 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      Total earning assets(3)                                            20,377,485        922,643         4.59
 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Cash and other assets                                                 2,759,902
 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      Total assets                                                      $23,137,387
 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity
    Transaction deposits                                                $ 7,093,768       $ 51,607         0.73%
    Savings deposits                                                        165,677            614         0.37
    Time deposits                                                         4,682,462        112,141         2.39
 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      Total interest-bearing deposits                                    11,941,907        164,362         1.38
 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Funds purchased and repurchase agreements                             2,333,179          8,355         0.36
    Other borrowings                                                      2,166,804          9,190         0.42
    Subordinated debentures                                                 398,471         22,298         5.60
 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      Total interest-bearing liabilities                                 16,840,361        204,205         1.21
 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Demand deposits                                                       3,279,347
    Other liabilities                                                       940,638
    Shareholders' equity                                                  2,077,041
 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      Total liabilities and shareholders' equity                        $23,137,387
 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Tax-equivalent Net Interest Revenue(3)                                                  $ 718,438         3.38%
 Tax-equivalent Net Interest Revenue to Earning Assets(3)                                                  3.57
 Less tax-equivalent adjustment(1)                                                           8,074
 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Net Interest Revenue                                                                      710,364
 Provision for credit losses                                                               195,900
 Other operating revenue                                                                   492,990
 Other operating expense                                                                   696,733
 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Income before taxes                                                                       310,721
 Federal and state income tax                                                              106,705
 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Net income before non-controlling interest                                                204,016
 Net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interest                                  3,438
 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Net income attributable to BOK Financial Corp.                                           $200,578
 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

(1)  Tax  equivalent  at the  statutory  federal and state rates for the periods
     presented.  The taxable  equivalent  adjustments  shown are for comparative
     purposes.
(2)  The loan averages  included loans on which the accrual of interest has been
     discontinued and are stated net of unearned income.  See Note 1 of Notes to
     the  Consolidated   Financial   Statements  for  a  description  of  income
     recognition policy.
(3)  Yield calculations exclude security trades that have been recorded on trade
     date with no corresponding interest income.

<PAGE> 119

<TABLE>
                      2008                                                   2007
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
     Average       Revenue/         Yield/                 Average        Revenue/         Yield/
     Balance      Expense(1)         Rate                  Balance       Expense(1)         Rate
 -----------------------------------------------       ------------------------------------------------
<S>                  <C>              <C>                 <C>               <C>              <C>
    $ 6,087,167      $313,361         5.10%               $ 5,166,218       $248,972         4.85%
        258,552        16,653         6.48                    341,913         21,293         6.39
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      6,345,719       330,014         5.16                  5,508,131        270,265         4.94
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
         73,563         4,935         6.71                     29,043          1,948         6.71
         70,287         1,577         2.24                     77,890          4,480         5.75
        106,179         5,805         5.47                     84,443          4,776         5.66
     12,487,504       727,542         5.83                 11,355,602        888,388         7.82
        168,042             -          -                      120,086              -          -
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
     12,319,462       727,542         5.91                 11,235,516        888,388         7.91
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
     18,915,210     1,069,873         5.64                 16,935,023      1,169,857         6.92
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      2,694,609                                             2,090,745
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    $21,609,819                                           $19,025,768
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


    $ 6,342,421      $ 121,403        1.91%               $ 5,508,831       $ 194,617        3.53%
        158,096           676         0.43                    165,729          1,499         0.90
      4,552,931       166,845         3.66                  4,568,738        216,630         4.74
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
     11,053,448       288,924         2.61                 10,243,298        412,746         4.03
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      3,087,012        61,371         1.99                  2,758,306        134,347         4.87
      1,745,938        42,226         2.42                    838,708         44,258         5.28
        398,333        22,262         5.59                    395,050         24,901         6.30
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
     16,284,731       414,783         2.55                 14,235,362        616,252         4.33
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      2,632,719                                             2,368,897
        746,027                                               609,046
      1,946,342                                             1,812,463
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    $21,609,819                                           $19,025,768
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                    $ 655,090         3.09%                                $ 553,605         2.59%
                                      3.45                                                   3.28
                        8,228                                                  9,120
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                      646,862                                                544,485
                      202,593                                                 34,721
                      428,724                                                401,980
                      662,404                                                574,987
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                      210,589                                                336,757
                       64,909                                                115,761
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                      145,680                                                220,996
                       (7,552)                                                 3,332
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                     $153,232                                               $217,664
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

<PAGE> 120

Quarterly Financial Summary - Unaudited

Consolidated Daily Average Balances,
Average Yields and Rates


<TABLE>
  (Dollars in Thousands Except Per Share Data)
                                                                             Three Months Ended
                                                  -------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                          December 31, 2009                    September 30, 2009
                                                  ----------------------------------  ------------------------------------

                                                     Average    Revenue/   Yield/        Average     Revenue/    Yield/
                                                     Balance   Expense(1)   Rate         Balance    Expense(1)    Rate
                                                  ----------------------------------  ------------------------------------
  Assets
<S>                                                 <C>            <C>        <C>      <C>          <C>            <C>
     Taxable securities(3)                         $  8,875,417$  82,392      3.83%    $  8,012,380 $  81,890      4.18%
     Tax-exempt securities(3)                           286,550    3,726      5.16          273,432     3,468      5.03
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------  ------------------------------------
       Total securities(3)                            9,161,967   86,118      3.87        8,285,812    85,358      4.21
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------  ------------------------------------
     Trading securities                                  68,027      927      5.41           64,763       771      4.72
     Funds sold and resell agreements                    30,358       16      0.21           67,032        18      0.11
     Residential mortgage loans held for sale           194,760    2,311      4.71          176,403     2,198      4.94
     Loans(2)                                        11,492,696  137,235      4.74       11,887,418   139,883      4.67
       Less reserve for loan losses                     298,157        -        -           281,289         -        -
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------  ------------------------------------
     Loans, net of reserve                           11,194,539  137,235      4.86       11,606,129   139,883      4.78
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------  ------------------------------------
       Total earning assets(3)                       20,649,651  226,607      4.42       20,200,139   228,228      4.54
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------  ------------------------------------
     Cash and other assets                            3,046,083                           2,850,395
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------  ------------------------------------
       Total assets                                 $23,695,734                         $23,050,534
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------  ------------------------------------

  Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity
     Transaction deposits                          $  7,734,678$  11,092      0.57%    $  7,162,477 $  11,736      0.65%
     Savings deposits                                   167,572      199      0.47          167,677       203      0.48
     Time deposits                                    4,002,337   19,700      1.95        4,404,854    24,401      2.20
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------  ------------------------------------
       Total interest-bearing deposits               11,904,587   30,991      1.03       11,735,008    36,340      1.23
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------  ------------------------------------
     Funds purchased and repurchase agreements        2,173,476    1,658      0.30        2,284,985     1,817      0.32
     Other borrowings                                 2,380,938    1,742      0.29        2,173,103     2,070      0.38
     Subordinated debentures                            398,522    5,542      5.52          398,484     5,558      5.53
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------  ------------------------------------
       Total interest-bearing liabilities            16,857,523   39,933      0.94       16,591,580    45,785      1.09
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------  ------------------------------------
     Demand deposits                                  3,666,663                           3,392,578
     Other liabilities                                  924,803                             931,406
     Shareholders' equity                             2,246,745                           2,134,970
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------  ------------------------------------
       Total liabilities and shareholders' equity  $ 23,695,734                        $ 23,050,534
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------  ------------------------------------

  Tax-equivalent Net Interest Revenue(3)                        $186,674     3.48%                   $182,443     3.45%
  Tax-equivalent Net Interest Revenue to Earning                             3.64                                 3.63
     Assets(3)
  Less tax-equivalent adjustment(1)                                2,196                                1,982
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------  ------------------------------------
  Net Interest Revenue                                           184,478                              180,461
  Provision for credit losses                                     48,620                               55,120
  Other operating revenue                                        108,163                              131,770
  Other operating expense                                        176,437                              178,732
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------  ------------------------------------
  Income before taxes                                             67,584                               78,379
  Federal and state income tax                                    24,780                               24,772
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------  ------------------------------------
  Net income before non-controlling interest                      42,804                               53,607
  Net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interest          33                                2,947
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Net income attributable to BOK Financial Corp.                $ 42,771                             $ 50,660
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------  ------------------------------------

  Earnings Per Average Common Share Equivalent:
     Net income:
       Basic                                                       $0.63                                $0.75
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------  ------------------------------------
       Diluted                                                     $0.63                                $0.75
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------  ------------------------------------
</TABLE>
(1)  Tax  equivalent  at the  statutory  federal and state rates for the periods
     presented.  The taxable  equivalent  adjustments  shown are for comparative
     purposes.
(2)  The loan averages  included loans on which the accrual of interest has been
     discontinued and are stated net of unearned income.  See Note 1 of Notes to
     the  Consolidated   Financial   Statements  for  a  description  of  income
     recognition policy.
(3)  Yield calculations exclude security trades that have been recorded on trade
     date with no corresponding interest income.

<PAGE> 121

<TABLE>
                                               Three Months Ended
 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
           June 30, 2009                        March 31, 2009                       December 31, 2008
 ----------------------------------   -----------------------------------   -----------------------------------

    Average    Revenue/   Yield/         Average    Revenue/    Yield/         Average    Revenue/    Yield/
    Balance   Expense(1)   Rate          Balance   Expense(1)    Rate          Balance   Expense(1)    Rate
 ----------------------------------   -----------------------------------   -----------------------------------
<S>              <C>       <C>              <C>      <C>          <C>            <C>         <C>          <C>
  $  7,594,355$  80,711      4.50%    $  7,084,340 $  84,004      4.90%       $ 6,634,035  $87,317     5.12%
       285,078    4,044      5.69          252,612     4,138      6.64            255,693    4,133     6.43
 ----------------------------------   -----------------------------------   -----------------------------------
     7,879,433   84,755      4.54        7,336,952    88,142      4.96          6,889,728   91,450     5.17
 ----------------------------------   -----------------------------------   -----------------------------------
       112,960      983      3.49          111,962     1,019      3.69             78,840    1,298     6.55
        29,277       14      0.19           50,701        30      0.24             48,246       92     0.76
       286,077    3,215      4.51          201,135     2,378      4.79            121,184    1,683     5.52
    12,403,050  143,510      4.64       12,784,765   143,763      4.56         12,826,696  169,700     5.26
       273,335        -        -           252,734         -        -             209,319        -       -
 ----------------------------------   -----------------------------------   -----------------------------------
    12,129,715  143,510      4.75       12,532,031   143,763      4.65         12,617,377  169,700     5.35
 ----------------------------------   -----------------------------------   -----------------------------------
    20,437,462  232,477      4.65       20,232,781   235,332      4.75         19,755,375  264,223     5.28
 ----------------------------------   -----------------------------------   -----------------------------------
     2,636,569                           2,710,588                              2,516,276
 ----------------------------------   -----------------------------------   -----------------------------------
   $23,074,031                        $ 22,943,369                            $22,271,651
 ----------------------------------   -----------------------------------   -----------------------------------


  $  6,854,003$  13,362      0.78%    $  6,610,805 $  15,417      0.95%       $ 6,116,465  $23,161     1.51%
       167,813      104      0.25          159,537       109      0.28            155,784      143     0.37
     5,123,947   31,637      2.48        5,215,091    36,401      2.83          5,109,303   42,090     3.28
 ----------------------------------   -----------------------------------   -----------------------------------
    12,145,763   45,103      1.49       11,985,433    51,927      1.76         11,381,552   65,394     2.29
 ----------------------------------   -----------------------------------   -----------------------------------
     2,316,990    1,995      0.35        2,562,066     2,825      0.45          3,095,054    7,289     0.94
     1,951,699    2,375      0.49        2,158,963     3,064      0.58          1,986,857    7,541     1.51
       398,456    5,632      5.67          398,425     5,566      5.67            398,392    5,489     5.48
 ----------------------------------   -----------------------------------   -----------------------------------
    16,812,908   55,105      1.31       17,104,887    63,382      1.50         16,861,855   85,713     2.02
 ----------------------------------   -----------------------------------   -----------------------------------
     3,183,338                           2,864,751                              2,712,384
     1,071,121                           1,058,216                                788,530
     2,006,664                           1,915,515                              1,908,882
 ----------------------------------   -----------------------------------   -----------------------------------
  $ 23,074,031                        $ 22,943,369                            $22,271,651
 ----------------------------------   -----------------------------------   -----------------------------------

               $177,372     3.34%                   $171,950     3.25%                    $178,510     3.26%
                            3.55                                 3.47                                  3.57
                  1,792                                2,105                                 2,063
 ----------------------------------   -----------------------------------   -----------------------------------
                175,580                              169,845                               176,447
                 47,120                               45,040                                73,001
                127,965                              125,092                               121,447
                175,770                              165,794                               185,442
 ----------------------------------   -----------------------------------   -----------------------------------
                 80,655                               84,103                                39,451
                 28,315                               28,838                                10,363
 ----------------------------------   -----------------------------------   -----------------------------------
                 52,340                               55,265                                29,088
                    225                                  233                                (6,355)
 ----------------------------------   -----------------------------------   -----------------------------------
              $  52,115                            $  55,032                               $35,443
 ----------------------------------   -----------------------------------   -----------------------------------



                  $ 0.77                               $0.81                                  $0.53
 ----------------------------------   -----------------------------------   -----------------------------------
                  $ 0.77                               $0.81                                  $0.52
 ----------------------------------   -----------------------------------   -----------------------------------
</TABLE>

<PAGE> 122

ITEM  9.  CHANGES  IN AND  DISAGREEMENTS  WITH  ACCOUNTANTS  ON  ACCOUNTING  AND
FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

None.


ITEM 9A.  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

As of the end of the period covered by this report and pursuant to Rule 13a-15
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act"), the Company's
management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness and design of the Company's
disclosure controls and procedures (as that term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act). Based upon that evaluation, the Company's
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded, as of the end of
the period covered by this report, that the Company's disclosure controls and
procedures were effective in recording, processing, summarizing and reporting
information required to be disclosed by the Company, within the time periods
specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and forms.

In addition and as of the end of the period covered by this report, there have
been no changes in internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f), as amended, of the Exchange Act) during the Company's
fourth fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to
materially affect, the internal control over financial reporting.

The Report of Management on Financial Statements and Management's Report on
Internal Control over Financial Reporting appear within Item 8, "Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data." The independent registered public accounting
firm, Ernst & Young LLP, has audited the financial statements included in Item 8
and has issued an audit report on the Company's internal control over financial
reporting, which appears therein.


ITEM 9B.  OTHER INFORMATION

None.

<PAGE> 123

                                    PART III

ITEM 10.  DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The information set forth under the headings "Election of Directors," "Executive
Officers, "Insider Reporting," "Director Nominations," and "Risk Oversight and
Audit Committee" in BOK Financial's 2010 Annual Proxy Statement is incorporated
herein by reference.

The Company has a Code of Ethics which is applicable to all Directors, officers
and employees of the Company, including the Chief Executive Officer and the
Chief Financial Officer, the principal executive officer and principal financial
and accounting officer, respectively. A copy of the Code of Ethics will be
provided without charge to any person who requests it by writing to the
Company's headquarters at Bank of Oklahoma Tower, P.O. Box 2300, Tulsa, Oklahoma
74192 or telephoning the Chief Auditor at (918) 588-6000. The Company will also
make available amendments to or waivers from its Code of Ethics applicable to
Directors or executive officers, including the Chief Executive Officer and the
Chief Financial Officer, in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations.

There are no material changes to the procedures by which security holders may
recommend nominees to the Company's board of directors since the Company's 2009
Annual Proxy Statement to Shareholders.


ITEM 11.  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

The information set forth under the heading "Compensation Discussion and
Analysis," "Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation,"
Compensation Committee Report," "Executive Compensation Tables," and "Director
Compensation" in BOK Financial's 2010 Annual Proxy Statement is incorporated
herein by reference.


ITEM 12.  SECURITY  OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN  BENEFICIAL  OWNERS AND  MANAGEMENT AND
RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

The information set forth under the headings "Security Ownership of Certain
Beneficial Owners and Management" and "Election of Directors" in BOK Financial's
2010 Annual Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference.


ITEM  13.  CERTAIN   RELATIONSHIPS  AND  RELATED   TRANSACTIONS,   AND  DIRECTOR
INDEPENDENCE

Information regarding related parties is set forth in Note 13 of the Company's
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, which appears elsewhere herein.
Additionally, the information set forth under the heading "Certain
Transactions," "Director Independence" and "Related Party Transaction Review and
Approval Process" in BOK Financial's 2010 Annual Proxy Statement is incorporated
herein by reference.


ITEM 14.  PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES

The information set forth under the heading "Principal Accountant Fees and
Services" in BOK Financial's 2010 Annual Proxy Statement is incorporated herein
by reference.


                                     PART IV


ITEM 15.  EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

(a) (1)       Financial Statements

The following financial statements of BOK Financial Corporation are filed as
part of this Form 10-K in Item 8:

     Consolidated  Statements of Earnings for the years ended December 31, 2009,
          2008 and 2007
     Consolidated  Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2009 and 2008
     Consolidated  Statements  of Cash Flows for the years  ended  December  31,
          2009, 2008 and 2007
     Consolidated  Statements of Changes in  Shareholders'  Equity for the years
          ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007
     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
     Annual Financial Summary - Unaudited
     Quarterly Financial Summary - Unaudited
     Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

<PAGE> 124

(a) (2)       Financial Statement Schedules

The schedules to the consolidated financial statements required by Regulation
S-X are not required under the related instructions or are inapplicable and are
therefore omitted.

 (a) (3)      Exhibits

      Exhibit Number            Description of Exhibit

     3.0  The  Articles  of  Incorporation  of BOK  Financial,  incorporated  by
          reference to (i) Amended and Restated  Certificate of Incorporation of
          BOK  Financial  filed with the Oklahoma  Secretary of State on May 28,
          1991, filed as Exhibit 3.0 to S-1 Registration Statement No. 33-90450,
          and (ii) Amendment attached as Exhibit A to Information  Statement and
          Prospectus Supplement filed November 20, 1991.

     3.1  Bylaws of BOK Financial,  incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of
          S-1 Registration Statement No. 33-90450.

     3.1(a) Bylaws of BOK  Financial,  as amended and restated as of October 30,
          2007,  incorporated  by  reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Form 8-K filed on
          November 5, 2007.

     4.0  The rights of the holders of the Common Stock and  Preferred  Stock of
          BOK Financial are set forth in its Certificate of Incorporation.

     10.0 Purchase  and  Sale  Agreement  dated  October  25,  1990,  among  BOK
          Financial,  Kaiser, and the FDIC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit
          2.0 of S-1 Registration Statement No. 33-90450.

     10.1 Amendment to Purchase  and Sale  Agreement  effective  March 29, 1991,
          among BOK Financial,  Kaiser, and the FDIC,  incorporated by reference
          to Exhibit 2.2 of S-1 Registration Statement No. 33-90450


     10.2 Letter  agreement dated April 12, 1991,  among BOK Financial,  Kaiser,
          and  the  FDIC,  incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  2.3  of S-1
          Registration Statement No. 33-90450.

     10.3 Second  Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement  effective  April 15,
          1991,  among BOK  Financial,  Kaiser,  and the FDIC,  incorporated  by
          reference to Exhibit 2.4 of S-1 Registration Statement No. 33-90450.

     10.4 Employment and Compensation Agreements.

     10.4(a) Employment Agreement between BOK Financial and Stanley A. Lybarger,
          incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  10.4(a) of Form 10-K for the
          fiscal year ended December 31, 1991.

     10.4(b) Amendment to 1991  Employment  Agreement  between BOK Financial and
          Stanley A. Lybarger,  incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 10.4(b) of
          Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2001.

     10.4(c) Amended and Restated Deferred Compensation Agreement (Amended as of
          September  1, 2003)  between  Stanley A.  Lybarger  and BOK  Financial
          Corporation,  incorporated  by  reference  to Exhibit 10.4 (c) of Form
          10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2003.

     10.4 (d) 409A Deferred  Compensation  Agreement between Stanley A. Lybarger
          and BOK Financial Corporation dated December 31, 2004, incorporated by
          reference to Exhibit 10.4 (d) of Form 8-K filed on January 5, 2005.

     10.4 (e) Guaranty by George B. Kaiser in favor of Stanley A. Lybarger dated
          March 7, 2005,  incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 10.4 (e) of Form
          10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2004.

     10.4 (f) Third  Amendment to 1991 Employment  Agreement  between Stanley A.
          Lybarger and Bank of Oklahoma,  National Association,  incorporated by
          reference  to Exhibit  10.4 (f) of Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
          December 31, 2007.

     10.4 (g) Amended and Restated Employment  Agreement dated December 26, 2008
          between  BOK   Financial   Corporation   and   Stanley  A.   Lybarger,
          incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  99 (a) of Form 8-K  filed on
          December 26, 2008.

     10.4.1(a)  Employee  Agreement  between BOK  Financial and V. Burns Hargis,
          incorporated  by reference  to Exhibit  10.4.1(a) of Form 10-K for the
          fiscal year ended December 31, 2002.

     10.4.1(b)  Amendment to Employee  Agreement  between BOK  Financial  and V.
          Burns Hargis,  incorporated by reference to Exhibit  10.4.1(b) of Form
          10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2002.

<PAGE> 125

     10.4.2 Amended and Restated Deferred Compensation  Agreement (Amended as of
          December  1,  2003)  between  Steven  G.  Bradshaw  and BOK  Financial
          Corporation,  incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4.2 of Form 10-K
          for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003.

     10.4.2 (a) 409A Deferred Compensation  Agreement between Steven G. Bradshaw
          and BOK Financial Corporation dated December 31, 2004, incorporated by
          reference to Exhibit 10.4.2 (a) of Form 8-K filed on January 5, 2005.

     10.4.2 (b)  Employment  Agreement  between  BOK  Financial  and  Steven  G.
          Bradshaw  dated  September  29,  2003,  incorporated  by  reference to
          Exhibit 10.4.2 (b) of Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
          2004.

     10.4.4 Amended and Restated  Employment  Agreement  (Amended as of June 14,
          2002)  among  First  National  Bank  of  Park  Cities,  BOK  Financial
          Corporation  and C. Fred  Ball,  Jr.,  incorporated  by  reference  to
          Exhibit  10.4.4 of Form 10-K for the fiscal  year ended  December  31,
          2003.

     10.4.5 409A Deferred  Compensation  Agreement between Daniel H. Ellinor and
          BOK Financial  Corporation  dated December 31, 2004,  incorporated  by
          reference to Exhibit 10.4.5 of Form 8-K filed on January 5, 2005.

     10.4.5 (a)  Employment  Agreement  between BOK Financial and Dan H. Ellinor
          dated August 29, 2003, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4.5 (a)
          of Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2004.

     10.4.5 (b) Deferred Compensation  Agreement dated November 28, 2003 between
          Daniel H.  Ellinor  and BOK  Financial  Corporation,  incorporated  by
          reference to Exhibit 10.4.5 (b) of Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
          December 31, 2004.

     10.4.6 409A Deferred  Compensation  Agreement between Mark W. Funke and BOK
          Financial  Corporation  dated  December  31,  2004,   incorporated  by
          reference to Exhibit 10.4.6 of Form 8-K filed on January 5, 2005.

     10.4.6 (a) Amended and Restated Deferred Compensation Agreement (Amended as
          of  December  1,  2003)  between  Mark  W.  Funke  and  BOK  Financial
          Corporation,  incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 10.4.6 (a) of Form
          10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2004.

     10.4.7 409A Deferred Compensation  Agreement between Steven E. Nell and BOK
          Financial  Corporation  dated  December  31,  2004,   incorporated  by
          reference to Exhibit 10.4.7 of Form 8-K filed on January 5, 2005.

     10.4.7 (a) Amended and Restated Deferred Compensation Agreement (Amended as
          of  December  1,  2003)  between  Steven  E.  Nell  and BOK  Financial
          Corporation,  incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 10.4.7 (a) of Form
          10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2004.

     10.4.8 Employment  Agreement  dated  August 1, 2005  between BOK  Financial
          Corporation and Donald T. Parker, incorporated by reference to Exhibit
          99 (a) of Form 8-K filed on February 1, 2006.

<PAGE> 126

     10.5 Director  indemnification  agreement dated June 30, 1987,  between BOk
          and  Kaiser,   incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  10.5  of  S-1
          Registration  Statement No. 33-90450.  Substantially  similar director
          indemnification   agreements   were  executed   between  BOk  and  the
          following: Date of Agreement

           James E. Barnes                  June 30, 1987
           William H. Bell                  June 30, 1987
           James S. Boese                   June 30, 1987
           Dennis L. Brand                  June 30, 1987
           Chester E. Cadieux               June 30, 1987
           William B. Cleary                June 30, 1987
           Glenn A. Cox                     June 30, 1987
           William E. Durrett               June 30, 1987
           Leonard J. Eaton, Jr.            June 30, 1987
           William B. Fader                 December 5, 1990
           Gregory J. Flanagan              June 30, 1987
           Jerry L. Goodman                 June 30, 1987
           David A. Hentschel               July 7, 1987
           Philip N. Hughes                 July 8, 1987
           Thomas J. Hughes, III            June 30, 1987
           William G. Kerr                  June 30, 1987
           Philip C. Lauinger, Jr.          June 30, 1987
           Stanley A. Lybarger              December 5, 1990
           Patricia McGee Maino             June 30, 1987
           Robert L. Parker, Sr.            June 30, 1987
           James A. Robinson                June 30, 1987
           William P. Sweich                June 30, 1987

     10.6 Capitalization  and  Stock  Purchase  Agreement  dated  May 20,  1991,
          between BOK Financial and Kaiser, incorporated by reference to Exhibit
          10.6 of S-1 Registration Statement No. 33-90450.

     10.7.3 BOK Financial  Corporation  1994 Stock Option Plan,  incorporated by
          reference to Exhibit 4.0 of S-8 Registration Statement No. 33-79834.

     10.7.4 BOK  Financial  Corporation  1994 Stock  Option Plan  (Typographical
          Error  Corrected  January 16,  1995),  incorporated  by  reference  to
          Exhibit  10.7.4 of Form 10-K for the fiscal  year ended  December  31,
          1994.

     10.7.5 BOK Financial  Corporation  1997 Stock Option Plan,  incorporated by
          reference to Exhibit 4.0 of S-8 Registration Statement No. 333-32649.

     10.7.6 BOK Financial  Corporation  2000 Stock Option Plan,  incorporated by
          reference to Exhibit 4.0 of S-8 Registration Statement No. 333-93957.

     10.7.7 BOK Financial  Corporation  2001 Stock Option Plan,  incorporated by
          reference to Exhibit 4.0 of S-8 Registration Statement No. 333-62578.

     10.7.8  BOK  Financial  Corporation  Directors'  Stock  Compensation  Plan,
          incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.0 of S-8 Registration Statement
          No. 33-79836.

     10.7.9 Bank of Oklahoma  Thrift Plan (Amended and Restated  Effective as of
          January 1, 1995),  incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7.6 of Form
          10-K for the year ended December 31, 1994.

     10.7.10 Trust  Agreement for the Bank of Oklahoma Thrift Plan (December 30,
          1994),  incorporated  by reference to Exhibit  10.7.7 of Form 10-K for
          the year ended December 31, 1994.

     10.7.11 BOK Financial  Corporation 2003 Stock Option Plan,  incorporated by
          reference to Exhibit 4.0 of S-8 Registration Statement No. 333-106531.

     10.7.12  BOK  Financial   Corporation   2003  Executive   Incentive   Plan,
          incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.0 of S-8 Registration Statement
          No. 333-106530.

     10.7.13 10b5-1 Repurchase Plan between BOK Financial  Corporation and BOSC,
          Inc. dated May 27, 2008,  incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of
          Form 8-K filed May 27, 2008.

     10.8 Lease  Agreement  between One Williams Center Co. and National Bank of
          Tulsa  (predecessor  to BOk)  dated  June 18,  1974,  incorporated  by
          reference to Exhibit 10.9 of S-1 Registration Statement No. 33-90450.

<PAGE> 127

     10.9 Lease  Agreement  between  Security  Capital  Real Estate Fund and BOk
          dated January 1, 1988,  incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 10.10 of
          S-1 Registration Statement No. 33-90450.

     10.10 Asset  Purchase  Agreement  (OREO and other  assets)  between BOk and
          Phi-Lea-Em Corporation dated April 30, 1991, incorporated by reference
          to Exhibit 10.11 of S-1 Registration Statement No. 33-90450.

     10.11 Asset Purchase  Agreement (Tanker Assets) between BOk and Green River
          Exploration Company dated April 30, 1991, incorporated by reference to
          Exhibit 10.12 of S-1 Registration Statement No. 33-90450.

     10.12 Asset Purchase  Agreement  (Recovery  Rights)  between BOk and Kaiser
          dated April 30, 1991,  incorporated  by reference to Exhibit  10.13 of
          S-1 Registration Statement No. 33-90450.

     10.13 Purchase and  Assumption  Agreement  dated August 7, 1992 among First
          Gibraltar Bank, FSB, Fourth Financial Corporation and BOk, as amended,
          incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 of Form 10-K for the fiscal
          year ended December 31, 1992.

     10.13.1  Allocation  Agreement  dated August 7, 1992 between BOk and Fourth
          Financial Corporation, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14.1 of
          Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1992.

     10.14 Merger Agreement among BOK Financial,  BOKF Merger Corporation Number
          Two,  Brookside  Bancshares,   Inc.,  The  Shareholders  of  Brookside
          Bancshares,  Inc. and Brookside State Bank dated December 22, 1992, as
          amended,  incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 10.15 of Form 10-K for
          the fiscal year ended December 31, 1992.

     10.14.1  Agreement  to Merge  between  BOk and  Brookside  State Bank dated
          January 27, 1993, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15.1 of Form
          10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1992.

     10.15 Merger Agreement among BOK Financial,  BOKF Merger Corporation Number
          Three, Sand Springs Bancshares, Inc., The Shareholders of Sand Springs
          Bancshares,  Inc. and Sand Springs State Bank dated December 22, 1992,
          as amended,  incorporated  by reference to Exhibit  10.16 of Form 10-K
          for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1992.

     10.15.1  Agreement to Merge  between BOk and Sand Springs  State Bank dated
          January 27, 1993, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16.1 of Form
          10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1992.

     10.16 Partnership  Agreement  between  Kaiser-Francis  Oil  Company and BOK
          Financial dated December 1, 1992, incorporated by reference to Exhibit
          10.16 of Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1993.

     10.16.1 Amendment  to  Partnership  Agreement  between  Kaiser-Francis  Oil
          Company  and  BOK  Financial  dated  May  17,  1993,  incorporated  by
          reference  to Exhibit  10.16.1 of Form 10-K for the fiscal  year ended
          December 31, 1993.

     10.17 Purchase and Assumption  Agreement between BOk and FDIC,  Receiver of
          Heartland  Federal Savings and Loan Association dated October 9, 1993,
          incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 of Form 10-K for the fiscal
          year ended December 31, 1993.

     10.18 Merger  Agreement among BOk, Plaza National Bank and The Shareholders
          of Plaza  National  Bank dated  December  20,  1993,  incorporated  by
          reference  to  Exhibit  10.18 of Form 10-K for the  fiscal  year ended
          December 31, 1993.

     10.18.1 Amendment to Merger  Agreement  among BOk,  Plaza National Bank and
          The  Shareholders  of Plaza  National  Bank dated  January  14,  1994,
          incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  10.18.1 of Form 10-K for the
          fiscal year ended December 31, 1993.

     10.19 Stock  Purchase  Agreement  between  Texas  Commerce  Bank,  National
          Association and BOk dated March 11, 1994, incorporated by reference to
          Exhibit  10.19 of Form 10-K for the  fiscal  year ended  December  31,
          1993.

     10.20 Merger  Agreement  among  BOK  Financial  Corporation,   BOKF  Merger
          Corporation Number Four, Citizens Holding Company and others dated May
          11, 1994,  incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 of Form 10-K for
          the fiscal year ended December 31, 1994.

     10.21 Stock Purchase and Merger Agreement among Northwest Bank of Enid, BOk
          and The Shareholders of Northwest Bank of Enid effective as of May 16,
          1994,  incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 of Form 10-K for the
          fiscal year ended December 31, 1994.

<PAGE> 128

     10.22 Agreement  and Plan of Merger among BOK Financial  Corporation,  BOKF
          Merger Corporation Number Five and Park Cities Bancshares,  Inc. dated
          October  3,  1996,  incorporated  by  reference  to  Exhibit  C of S-4
          Registration Statement No. 333-16337.

     10.23 Agreement  and Plan of Merger  among BOK  Financial  Corporation  and
          First  TexCorp.,   Inc.  dated  December  18,  1996,  incorporated  by
          reference  to  Exhibit  10.24  of  S-4   Registration   Statement  No.
          333-16337.

     10.24 Purchase and Assumption  Agreement  between Bank of America  National
          Trust and Savings Association and BOK Financial Corporation dated July
          27, 1998.

     10.25 Merger  Agreement  among  BOK  Financial  Corporation,   BOKF  Merger
          Corporation  No.  Seven,  First  Bancshares of Muskogee,  Inc.,  First
          National Bank and Trust Company of Muskogee,  and Certain Shareholders
          of First Bancshares of Muskogee, Inc. dated December 30, 1998.

     10.26 Merger  Agreement  among  BOK  Financial  Corporation,   BOKF  Merger
          Corporation Number Nine, and Chaparral Bancshares, Inc. dated February
          19, 1999.

     10.27 Merger  Agreement  among  BOK  Financial  Corporation,   Park  Cities
          Bancshares,  Inc., Mid-Cities Bancshares, Inc. and Mid-Cities National
          Bank dated February 24, 1999.

     10.28 Merger  Agreement  among  BOK  Financial  Corporation,   Park  Cities
          Bancshares,  Inc., PC Interim State Bank,  Swiss Avenue State Bank and
          Certain Shareholders of Swiss Avenue State Bank dated March 4, 1999.

     10.29 Merger  Agreement  among  BOK  Financial  Corporation,   Park  Cities
          Bancshares,  Inc.  and CNBT  Bancshares,  Inc.  dated August 18, 2000,
          incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 of Form 10-K for the fiscal
          year ended December 31, 2000.

     10.30 Merger Agreement among BOK Financial Corporation, Bank of Tanglewood,
          N.A.  and TW Interim  Bank dated  October 25,  2002,  incorporated  by
          reference to Exhibit 2.0 of S-4 Registration Statement No. 333-98685.

     10.31 Remote Outsourcing Services Agreement between Bank of Oklahoma,  N.A.
          and  Alltel  Information  Services,  Inc.,  dated  September  1, 2002,
          incorporated  by reference to Exhibit  10.30 of the September 30, 2002
          10-Q filed on November 13, 2002.

     10.32 Merger  Agreement  among  BOK  Financial  Corporation,   BOKF  Merger
          Corporation  Number Eleven,  Colorado Funding Company,  Colorado State
          Bank and Trust and Certain  Shareholders  of Colorado  Funding Company
          dated July 8, 2003, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 of Form
          10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003.

     10.33 Merger  Agreement  between  BOK  Financial  Corporation,  BOKF Merger
          Corporation  Number Eight,  Valley  Commerce Bank, and Valley Commerce
          Bancorp,  Ltd. dated December 20, 2004,  incorporated  by reference to
          Exhibit 10.1 of the Form 8-K filed on December 22, 2004.

     10.34 Merger  Agreement  among  BOK  Financial  Corporation,   BOKF  Merger
          Corporation  Number  Twelve,  Worth  Bancorporation,  Inc.,  and Worth
          National  Bank  dated  March 9, 2007,  incorporated  by  reference  to
          Exhibit 99.2 of the Form 8-K filed on March 12, 2007.

     10.35 Stock Purchase Agreement among BOK Financial Corporation,  BOKF Stock
          Corporation  Number  Thirteen,  United Banks of Colorado,  Inc., First
          United Bank, NA and Baltz Family  Partners,  Ltd.  dated May 23, 2007,
          incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 of the Form 8-K filed on May
          24, 2007.

     21.0 Subsidiaries of BOK Financial, filed herewith.

     23.0 Consent of independent  registered  public  accounting  firm - Ernst &
          Young LLP, filed herewith.

     31.1 Certification  of Chief Executive  Officer  Pursuant to Section 302 of
          the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, filed herewith.

     31.2 Certification  of Chief Financial  Officer  Pursuant to Section 302 of
          the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, filed herewith.

     32   Certification of Chief Executive  Officer and Chief Financial  Officer
          Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906
          of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, filed herewith.

<PAGE> 129

     99.0 Additional Exhibits.

     99   (a) Credit  Agreement  dated  December 2, 2005  between BOK  Financial
          Corporation and  participating  lenders,  incorporated by reference to
          Exhibit 99 (a) of Form 8-K filed December 6, 2005.

     99   (b) Credit Agreement  between BOK Financial  Corporation and George B.
          Kaiser  dated July 21, 2008,  incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 99
          (b) of Form 8-K filed July 21, 2008.

     99   (c)  First  Amended  Debenture  dated  December  2, 2009  between  BOK
          Financial Corporation and George B. Kaiser,  incorporated by reference
          to Exhibit 99 (a) of Form 8-K filed December 4, 2009.

     99.1 Undertakings incorporated by reference into S-8 Registration Statement
          No.  33-44121  for Bank of  Oklahoma  Master  Thrift  Plan and  Trust,
          incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of Form 10-K for the fiscal
          year ended December 31, 1993.

     99.5 Undertakings incorporated by reference into S-8 Registration Statement
          No.  33-79834 for BOK  Financial  Corporation  1994 Stock Option Plan,
          incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 99.5 of Form 10-K for the fiscal
          year ended December 31, 1994.

     99.6 Undertakings incorporated by reference into S-8 Registration Statement
          No.   33-79836  for  BOK  Financial   Corporation   Directors'   Stock
          Compensation  Plan,  incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.6 of Form
          10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1994.

     99.7 Undertakings incorporated by reference into S-8 Registration Statement
          No.  333-32649 for BOK Financial  Corporation  1997 Stock Option Plan,
          Incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 99.7 of Form 10-K for the fiscal
          year ended December 31, 1997.

     99.8 Undertakings incorporated by reference into S-8 Registration Statement
          No.  333-93957 for BOK Financial  Corporation  2000 Stock Option Plan,
          Incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 99.8 of Form 10-K for the fiscal
          year ended December 31, 1999.

     99.9 Undertakings incorporated by reference into S-8 Registration Statement
          No.  333-40280  for BOK Financial  Corporation  Thrift Plan for Hourly
          Employees,  Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.9 of Form 10-K for
          the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000.

(b)           Exhibits

              See Item 15 (a) (3) above.


(c)           Financial Statement Schedules

              See Item 15 (a) (2) above.

<PAGE> 130

                                   SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                                       BOK FINANCIAL CORPORATION




DATE:    February 26, 2010             BY:   /s/ George B. Kaiser
       ----------------------------        -----------------------------------
                                            George B. Kaiser
                                            Chairman of the Board of Directors

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report
has been signed below on February 26, 2010, by the following persons on behalf
of the registrant and in the capacities indicated.


                                    OFFICERS



/s/ George B. Kaiser                       /s/ Stanley A. Lybarger
---------------------------------------    -----------------------------------
George B. Kaiser                           Stanley A. Lybarger
Chairman of the Board of Directors         Director, President and Chief
                                           Executive Officer



/s/ Steven E. Nell                         /s/ John C. Morrow
---------------------------------------    -----------------------------------
Steven E. Nell                             John C. Morrow
Executive Vice President and               Senior Vice President and Chief
Chief Financial Officer                    Accounting Officer


                                    DIRECTORS


/s/ Gregory S. Allen                        /s/ David F. Griffin
---------------------------------------    -----------------------------------
Gregory S. Allen                           David F. Griffin


                                           /s/ V. Burns Hargis
---------------------------------------    -----------------------------------
C. Fred Ball, Jr. V. Burns Hargis


/s/ Sharon J. Bell                         /s/ E. Carey Joullian, IV
---------------------------------------    -----------------------------------
Sharon J. Bell                             E. Carey Joullian, IV


/s/ Peter C. Boylan, III                   /s/ Robert J. LaFortune
---------------------------------------    -----------------------------------
Peter C. Boylan, III                       Robert J. LaFortune


/s/ Chester Cadieux, III
---------------------------------------    -----------------------------------
Chester Cadieux, III                       Steven J. Malcolm


                                           /s/ E.C. Richards
---------------------------------------    -----------------------------------
Joseph W. Craft, III                       E.C. Richards



---------------------------------------
William E. Durrett


/s/ John W. Gibson
---------------------------------------
John W. Gibson
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
