<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>a2041425z10-k.txt
<DESCRIPTION>10-K
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 10549
                                    FORM 10-K

(Mark One)

/X/ ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
    1934 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000

/ / TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
    ACT OF 1934

                         Commission file number - 019893
                         -------------------------------

                              ALPHA PRO TECH, LTD.
             (exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)


         DELAWARE                                        63-1009183
-------------------------------             -----------------------------------
(State or other jurisdiction of             (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)
incorporation or organization

Suite 112, 60 Centurian Drive
Markham, Ontario                                           L3R 9R2
-------------------------------                            -------
Address of principal offices                               Zip Code

Registrant's telephone number including area code: 905-479-0654
                                                   ------------

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

                     Common Shares Par Value $.01 Per Share
                     --------------------------------------
                                (Title of Class)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required
to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. Yes X No / /

The number of registrant's Common Shares outstanding as of February 16, 2001
was 23,933,007

The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the
registrant as of February 16, 2001 was $39,010,801 based on the average bid and
asked price on that date.

Documents incorporated by reference and the Part of the Form 10-K into which the
document is incorporated are as follows: Registrant's definitive proxy statement
for its 2000Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on or before April 30, 2001 (incorporated by
reference under Part III).

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405
or Regulation S-K (Sec. 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and
will not be contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge in definitive proxy
or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form
10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. /X/


<PAGE>



                                     PART I



CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward looking statements that are
made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. Forward looking statements involve risks, uncertainties and
assumptions as described from time to time in registration statements, annual
reports and other periodic reports and filings of the Company filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission. All statements, other than statements of
historical facts which address the Company's expectations of sources of capital
or which express the Company's expectations for the future with respect to
financial performance or operating strategies, can be identified as
forward-looking statements. As a result, there can be no assurance that the
Company's future results will be materially different from those described
herein as "believed," "anticipated," "estimated" or "expected," which reflect
the current views of the Company with respect to future events. We caution
readers that these forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this
report. The Company hereby expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to
release publicly any updates or revisions to any such statements to reflect any
change in the Company's expectations or any change in events, conditions or
circumstances on which such statement is based.


ITEM 1. BUSINESS

GENERAL

ALPHA PRO TECH, LTD. (referred to herein as the "Company") was incorporated on
February 17, 1983 pursuant to the British Columbia COMPANY ACT R.S.B.C. 1979,
Chapter 59 (the "COMPANY ACT (BRITISH COLUMBIA)" under the name Princeton
Resources Corp. The Company subsequently changed its name to Canadian Graphite
Ltd. on July 27, 1988 and further changed its name to BFD Industries Inc. on
July 4, 1989. Effective July 1, 1994, the Company changed its corporate domicile
from Canada to the State of Delaware in the United States and changed its name
to Alpha Pro Tech, Ltd. At that time, all of the Company's operating assets were
transferred to its wholly owned subsidiary, Alpha Pro Tech, Inc. The Company's
executive offices are located at 60 Centurian Drive, Suite 112, Markham Ontario,
Canada L3R 9R2, and its telephone number is (905) 479-0654.

BUSINESS

The Company develops, manufactures and markets disposable protective apparel and
consumer products for the cleanroom, food services, industrial, medical, dental
and consumer markets. The Company operates through three divisions: apparel;
mask and shield; and extended care. The Company's products are primarily sold
under the "Alpha Pro Tech" brand name, but are also sold for use under private
label.

The Company's products are classified into five groups: Disposable protective
apparel consisting of a complete line of shoecovers, headcovers, gowns,
coveralls and labcoats; food industry apparel consisting of a line of automated
shoecovers, sleeve protectors, aprons, and face shields; infection control
products consisting of a line of face masks and face shields; extended care
products consisting of a line of mattress overlays, wheelchair covers, geriatric
chair surfaces, operating room table surfaces and pediatric surfaces; and
consumer products consisting of a line of pet bedding and pet toys. The
Company's products as classified above are grouped into three segments. The
Apparel segment consisting of disposable protective apparel and food industry
apparel; the Mask/Shield segment consisting of infection control products; and
the Extended Care Unreal Lambskin(R) segment consisting of extended care
products and consumer products.



                                       2
<PAGE>

The Company's current strategy is to not only grow its cleanroom business
through its exclusive agreement with VWR Scientific Products, but to focus on
its other core businesses which include medical, dental and pet markets and to
grow its industrial safety and food service businesses . As part of its current
strategy emphasis is being placed on developing innovative products and
processes and sourcing raw materials and finished goods globally which are
expected to increase capacity and gross margins.

The Company will continue to pursue the food service industry with its
proprietary shoecover, which helps prevent employees from slipping and falling
on slippery surfaces, found in restaurants, supermarkets and food processing
facilities.

The Company's products are used primarily in hospitals, clean rooms,
laboratories, industrial and dental offices and are distributed principally in
the United States through a network presently consisting of 2 purchasing groups,
9 major distributors, approximately 800 additional distributors, approximately
24 independent sales representatives and a Company sales and marketing force of
14 people.


PRODUCTS

The Company's principal product groups and products include the following:

            Disposable Protective Apparel

            * Shoecovers
            * Headcovers
            * Gowns
            * Coveralls
            * Lab Coats

            Food Industry

            * Automated Shoecovers
            * Sleeve Protectors
            * Aprons
            * Face Shields

            Infection Control

            * Face Masks
            * Face Shields

            Extended Care

            * Unreal Lambskin
            * Medi-Pads
            * Hospital Pads
            * Wheelchair accessories
            * Bedrail Pads
            * Knee and Elbow protectors

            Consumer Products

            * Pet Bedding
            * Pet Toys




                                       3
<PAGE>

DISPOSABLE PROTECTIVE APPAREL

The Apparel division was established April 1, 1994, in connection with the
acquisition of the assets of Disposable Medical Products Inc. ("DMPI"). The
products manufactured include many different styles of shoecovers, headcovers,
gowns, coveralls, lab coats, and other miscellaneous products. These are
manufactured in Mexico and China.

FOOD INDUSTRY

The Company has developed a line of safety products specifically for the food
industry, including a shoecover produced on our patented automated shoecover
machine in combination with our patented laminated material. These products
enabled the Company to secure a Vendor Supply Agreement with a lender in the
food service industry.

MASKS AND FACE SHIELDS

The facemasks come in a wide variety of filtration efficiencies and styles. The
Company's patented Positive Facial Lock(R) feature provides a custom fit to the
face to prevent blow-by for better protection. Combine this feature with the
Magic Arch (R), that holds the mask away from the nose and mouth and creates a
breathing chamber, and you have a quality disposable facemask.

The term "blow-by" is used to describe the potential for infectious material
entering or escaping a facemask without going through the filter as a result of
gaps or openings in the face mask.

All of the face shields are made from an optical-grade polyester film, and have
a permanent anti-fog feature. This provides the wearer with extremely
lightweight, distortion-free protection that can be worn for hours and will not
fog up from humidity and/or perspiration. An important feature of all eye and
face shields is that they are disposable. This eliminates a chance of cross
infection between patients and saves hospitals the expense of sterilization
after every use.

EXTENDED CARE

The Extended Care Division began with the Company's Unreal Lambskin(R) pressure
sore and bed patient monitoring system product lines. The Unreal Lambskin (R) is
used to prevent decubitus ulcers or bedsores on long term care patients. The bed
patient monitoring system offers nurses an alarm system that can tell when
patients try to get out of bed. This helps nursing and other extended and long
term care facilities to comply with the Omnibus Reconciliation Act (OBRA) of
1987 mandate to work towards using no restraints to control residents or
patients in these facilities.

CONSUMER PRODUCTS

The Consumer Product Division uses the Company's existing medical products and
technologies for general consumer purposes. The Unreal Lambskin (R) is being
packaged for the retail pet bed market and pet toys.

MARKETS

The Company's products are sold to the following markets: Infection Control
Products, (Masks and Shields) and disposable protective apparel are sold to the
Medical and Dental market and the Industrial and Cleanroom markets; Unreal
Lambskin and Medi-Pads are sold to the Extended Care market; Pet Bedding and Pet
Toys are sold to the Consumer market; and automated shoecovers are sold to the
Food Industry, Medical, Industrial and Cleanroom market. The Company has
expanded its marketing efforts for the Food Industry to include apparel, such as
sleeve protectors and aprons as well as shields.




                                       4
<PAGE>

DISTRIBUTION

The Company relies primarily on a network of independent distributors for the
sale of its products including the following:

*     VWR Scientific Products
*     Allegiance Healthcare
*     McKesson HBOC
*     Medline Industries
*     Blain Supply
*     Owens and Minor
*     Durr/Bergin Brunswig Medical
*     Merck
*     Henry Schein


All of the above distributors to the best of the Company's knowledge sell
competing products.

In 1996, the Company entered into an exclusive five year agreement to supply VWR
Scientific Products with eye and face shields, masks and disposable apparel for
sale to the Industrial/Cleanroom market place. The distribution agreement calls
for VWR to purchase a minimum of $5 million in each of the years of the contract
to retain exclusive distribution rights. This minimum figure has been attained
for 1996 through 1999. In early 2000, the Company extended its exclusive
agreement through 2002 with a minimum annual requirement of $10 million for VWR
to retain exclusive distribution rights. On January 1 ,2001 this agreement was
extended to December 31, 2003 and the minimum was increased to $12,500,000.

Sales to VWR Scientific Products represented 62.5% of total sales for 2000,
57.8% for 1999 and 51.1% for 1998. The loss of this customer would have a
material adverse effect on the Company's business.

The Company does not generally have backlog orders, as orders are usually placed
for shipment and shipped within 30 days, however, with an exceptional high
influx of orders in the last quarter of 2000 and the first two months of 2001,
shipments are now running at approximately 45 days. The Company is presently
expanding its capacity through strategic relationships with global suppliers and
the increasing of capacity in its US and Mexican plants. The Company anticipates
to be back to under 30 day delivery by the second quarter of 2001.




                                       5
<PAGE>

MANUFACTURING

The Company's mask production facility is located in a 27,000 square foot
building at 903 West Center Street, Bldg. E, North Salt Lake, Utah.

A 25,000 square foot facility located at 615 North Parker Drive, Janesville,
Wisconsin is used to manufacture the Company's Unreal Lambskin products.

The Company produces its disposable protective apparel in three facilities: a
40,000 square foot facility located at 1287 Fairway Drive in Nogales, Arizona
which is used for cutting, warehousing and shipping, a 19,500 square foot
facility at Kennedy Drive #6 in Sonora, Mexico which is used for assembly of
shields and sewing, and a 30,000 square foot facility located at Ave. Abolardo
L. Rodriguez y Novena, Benjamin Hill, Sonora Mexico, which is used for sewing.

The Company has a material coating and automated shoecover facility of 36,000
square feet located at 2224 Cypress Street, Valdosta, Georgia.

The Company has multiple suppliers of the materials used to produce its
products. In that regard, the Company currently has no problems, and does not
anticipate any problems, with respect to the sources and availability of the
materials needed to produce its products. The business of the Company is not
subject to seasonal considerations. It is necessary for the Company to have
adequate finished inventory in stock, and the Company generally maintains a
two-to-three month supply of product.

COMPETITION

The Company faces substantial competition from numerous other companies,
including some companies with greater marketing and financial resources. The
Company's major competitor in the medical and dental markets is Kimberly Clark
of Fort Worth, Texas. Other large competitors would include Minnesota Mining and
Manufacturing Corporation (3M), Johnson & Johnson, White Knight/Precept,
American Threshold, Medline Industries Inc. and Maxxium Medical. The Company's
major competitors in the industrial and cleanroom market are Kimberly Clark, 3M,
Kappler USA, Dupont and Allegiance Health Care. In the extended care market,
Texten Corp., Glenoit Mills and Hudson Industries are the principal competitors,
and in the consumer products market, principal competitors include Flexmat
Corporation, Lazy Pet Company and Dogloo, Inc. The Company has entered the food
service market with a new type of product, and expects competition from
companies who provide floor treatment and manufacturers of safety boots such as
Shoes For Crews and Traction Plus. However, the Company believes that the
quality of its products, along with the price and service provided, will allow
it to remain competitive in the disposable apparel market.






                                       6
<PAGE>

The Company is not required to obtain regulatory approval from the U.S. Food and
Drug Administration ("FDA") with respect to the sale of its products. The
Company's products are, however, subject to prescribed "good manufacturing
practices" as defined by the FDA and its manufacturing facilities are inspected
by the FDA every two years to assure compliance with such "good manufacturing
practices." The Company is marketing a Particulate Respirator that meets the new
O.S.H.A. respirator guidelines and which has been approved by the National
Institute for Safety and Health (NIOSH). This product is designed to help
prevent the breathing in of the tuberculosis virus.

The Company does not anticipate that any federal, state and local provisions
which have been or may be enacted or adopted regulating the discharge of
materials into the environment, or otherwise relating to the protection of the
environment, will have any material effect upon the capital expenditures,
earnings and competitive position of its business.

PATENTS AND TRADEMARKS

PATENTS

The Company's policy is to protect its intellectual property rights, products,
designs and processes through the filing of patents in the United States and
where appropriate in Canada and other foreign countries. At present, the Company
has 14 United States patents relating to its MEDS, Add-A-Mask, Coverall, 1/2
Coverall, Combo Cone, Combo, Positive Facial Lock and Shieldmate products, a
U.S. patent on the automated shoecover and the shoecover process and a fluid
impervious and non-slip fabric for the Company's Aqua Trak shoecover . In
addition the Company has a U.S. patent on a method to fold and put on sterile
garments. The Company believes that its patents may offer a competitive
advantage, but there can be no assurance that any patents, issued or in process,
will not be circumvented or invalidated. The Company also intends to continue to
rely on trade secrets and proprietary know-how to maintain and develop its
commercial position.

The various United States patents issued have remaining durations of
approximately 6 to 16 years before expiration.



TRADEMARKS

Many of the Company products are sold under various trademarks and trade names
including Alpha Pro Tech. The Company believes that many of its trademarks and
trade names have significant recognition in its principal markets and takes
customary steps to register or otherwise protect its rights in its trademarks
and trade names.



                                       7
<PAGE>

EMPLOYEES

As of February 1, 2001, the Company had 526 employees, including 20 persons at
its head office in Markham, Ontario, Canada; 33 persons at its facemask
production facility in Salt Lake City, Utah and 21 persons at its Extended Care
production facility in Janesville, Wisconsin; 41 persons at its cutting,
warehouse and shipping facility in Nogales, Arizona; 47 persons at its shield
assembly and sewing operation in Nogales, Mexico; 329 at its sewing operation in
Benjamin Hill, Mexico; and 21persons at its coating and automated shoecover
facility in Valdosta, Georgia.

None of the Company's employees in the United States and Canada are subject to
collective bargaining agreements. However, a collective bargaining agreement
with the Confederation of Mexican Workers, exists for its Mexican employees.
Benefits are reviewed annually by May and the 2000 agreement was signed with
moderate benefit increases. Wages are set by the Government of Mexico. The
Company considers its relations with the union and its employees to be good.


ITEM 2. PROPERTIES

The Companies' Head Office is located at 60 Centurian Drive, Suite 112, Markham,
Ontario L3R 9R2. The approximate monthly costs are $3,800 under a lease expiring
February 28, 2002. Twenty (20) employees of the Company, including the
President, Alexander Millar, Chief Executive Officer, Sheldon Hoffman and Senior
Vice President-Finance and Administration, Lloyd Hoffman work out of this head
office.

The Company manufactures its surgical face masks at 903 West Center Street,
Building C, North Salt Lake, Utah. The monthly rental is $6,810 for 27,000
square feet. This lease expires July 1, 2002 with successive 2-year renewal
options at rents based on the U.S. Consumer Price Index.

A second manufacturing facility is located at 615 North Parker Drive,
Janesville, Wisconsin. These premises of 25,000 square feet are leased for
$7,000 monthly. The lease expires August 15, 2002. The Company's line of
Extended Care products is manufactured in these facilities.

The Apparel division has its cutting operation, warehousing, and shipping
facility at 1287 Fairway Drive, Nogales, Arizona. The monthly rental is $10,500
for 40,000 square feet. This lease expires November 30, 2002. Shield assembly
and sewing is done at Kennedy Drive, # 6 in Sonora, Mexico. The monthly rental
is $ 6,500 for 19,500 square feet. This lease expires June 30, 2002. Sewing is
done at Ave. Abelardo L. Rodriguez Y. Novena, Benjamin Hill, Sonora, Mexico. The
monthly rental is $7,200 for 30,000 square feet. This lease expires June 23,
2004

The Coating Division has its facility at 2224 Cypress Street, Valdosta, Georgia.
The monthly rental is $4,500 for 36,000 square feet. This lease expires June 1,
2005.

The Company believes that these arrangements are adequate for its present needs
and that other premises, if required, are readily available.



ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

There are no pending legal proceedings against the Company.


ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

No matter was submitted to a vote of security holders during the fourth quarter
of 2000.




                                       8
<PAGE>

                                     PART II

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR COMMON STOCK AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS
                     PRICE RANGE OF SECURITIES

On March 8, 1993 the Common Shares of the Company were cleared for quotation on
the National Association of Securities Dealers (NASD) Over the Counter (OTC)
Bulletin Board under the symbol "BFDIF." When the Company changed its name to
Alpha Pro Tech Ltd. on July 1, 1994, its symbol was changed to APTD.

The high and low range of bid prices for the Common Shares of the Company for
the quarters indicated as reported by the NASD were as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                          LOW         HIGH
                                          ---         ----
<S>                                       <C>         <C>
1999  First Quarter                       15/32       1-1/32
      Second Quarter                      5/8         15/16
      Third Quarter                       3/4         1
      Fourth Quarter                      11/16       15/16

2000  First Quarter                       0.72        4.937
      Second Quarter                      1.00        3.75
      Third Quarter                       1.063       1.813
      Fourth Quarter                      1.00        1.438

2001  First Quarter                       1.00        3.75
      (Through February 16, 2001)
</TABLE>



At February 16, 2001 there were 473 shareholders of record, and approximately
2,800 beneficial owners.







DIVIDEND POLICY

The holders of the Company's Common Shares are entitled to receive such
dividends as may be declared by the board of directors of the Company from time
to time to the extent that funds are legally available for payment thereof. The
Company has never declared nor paid any dividends on any of its Common Shares.
It is the current policy of the Board of Directors to retain any earnings to
provide for the development and growth of the Company. Consequently, the Company
has no intention to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future.




                                       9
<PAGE>

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

ALPHA PRO TECH, LTD.

SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                                         Year Ended December 31,
                                         ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                   2000             1999          1998(1)        1997(1)         1996(1)
<S>                                            <C>             <C>            <C>            <C>             <C>
Historical Statement of Operations Data

Sales                                          $ 21,130,000    $ 20,235,000   $ 17,985,000   $ 17,823,000    $ 14,863,000
Gross profit                                      8,892,000       7,985,000      7,252,000      6,229,000       5,198,000
Selling, general and administrative expenses      6,834,000       6,352,000      6,341,000      6,531,000       4,610,000
Interest expense (income)                            (6,000)        124,000        193,000        308,000         279,000
Exchange of escrowed shares for new shares               --              --             --             --       2,204,000
Other expenses                                      405,000         362,000        402,000        319,000         250,000
Provision for income taxes                          199,000          18,000             --             --              --
                                               ------------    ------------   ------------   ------------    ------------
Total expenses including provision
   (benefit) for income taxes                     7,432,000       6,856,000      6,936,000      7,158,000       7,343,000
                                               ------------    ------------   ------------   ------------    ------------

Net income (loss)                              $  1,460,000    $  1,129,000   $    316,000   $   (929,000)   $ (2,145,000)
                                               ============    ============   ============   ============    ============

Basic and diluted net income (loss)            $       0.06    $       0.05   $       0.01   $      (0.04)   $      (0.12)
                                               ============    ============   ============   ============    ============

Basic weighted average shares outstanding        24,049,774      24,110,722     24,112,449     23,388,369      17,841,547
Diluted weighted average shares outstanding      25,680,880      24,450,382     24,238,866     23,388,369      17,841,547

HISTORICAL BALANCE SHEET DATA

Current assets                                 $  7,386,000    $  7,161,000   $  6,230,000   $  7,411,000    $  5,614,000
Total assets                                   $ 10,504,000    $ 10,048,000   $  8,938,000   $  9,985,000    $  7,481,000
Current liabilities                            $  1,571,000    $  2,783,000   $  2,579,000   $  3,799,000    $  3,414,000
Long-term liabilities                          $    703,000    $    203,000   $    406,000   $    549,000    $    217,000
Common stockholders' equity                    $  8,230,000    $  7,062,000   $  5,953,000   $  5,637,000    $  3,850,000
</TABLE>


(1)   Includes the operations of Ludan Corporation which was acquired effective
        April 1, 1995. See Note 12 in Notes to the Consolidated Financial
        Statements.

(2)   Includes the operations of Disposable Medical Products, Inc. which was
        acquired on March 25, 1994. See Note 12 in Notes to the Consolidated
        Financial Statements.







                                       10
<PAGE>

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
        OF OPERATIONS



RESULTS OF OPERATIONS


FISCAL 2000 COMPARED TO FISCAL 1999

Alpha Pro Tech, Ltd. ("Alpha" or the "Company") reported record net income for
the year ended December 31, 2000 of $1,460,000 as compared to net income of
$1,129,000 for the year ended December 31, 1999, representing an improvement of
$331,000 or 29.3%. The net income increase of $331,000 is attributable primarily
to an increase in gross profit of $907,000, due to higher sales and gross profit
margin and decrease in net interest expense of $130,000, partially offset by an
increase in selling, general and administrative expenses of $482,000, an
increase in depreciation and amortization of $43,000 and an increase in income
taxes of $181,000. Management expects a sixth consecutive record in sales and
net income in 2001.

SALES Consolidated sales for the year ended December 31, 2000 increased to a
record $21,130,000 from $20,235,000 for the year ended December 31, 1999,
representing an increase of $895,000 or 4.4%.

Sales for the Apparel Division for the year ended December 31, 2000 were
$13,507,000 as compared to $12,883,000 for the same period of 1999. The Apparel
Division sales increase of $624,000 or 4.8% was due to increased sales to the
Company's largest distributor. This distributor has reported record annual sales
for the fifth consecutive year to its customers of the Company's products.
Management's expectation is that growth should continue, and as a result the
Company's sales to this distributor should also remain strong.

Mask and eye shield sales increased by $288,000 or 5.7% to $5,361,000 in 2000
from $5,073,000 in 1999. This increase is primarily the result of growth in
dental mask sales of 10.2%, growth in medical mask sales of 8.6%, partially
offset by a decline in industrial mask sales of 3.4%. The industrial mask sales
decrease is the result of a soft second quarter. Industrial mask sales improved
in the last two quarters of 2000 and are expected to remain strong into 2001.

Sales from the Company's Extended Care Unreal Lambskin(R) (and other related
products, which includes a line of pet beds), decreased by $17,000 or 0.7% to
$2,262,000 for the year ended December 31, 2000 from $2,279,000 for the year
ended December 31, 1999. The slight decrease in sales of $17,000 is primarily
the result of a decrease in medical fleece product sales partially offset by an
increase in pet bed sales. In 2000, the Company implemented a pet products
telemarketing campaign and believes that sales should continue to strengthen
into 2001.

The Medical market, which includes a line of face masks and fleece bed pads, is
down by $462,000 or 12.7% year to date. Fleece bed pads sales are down and
medical face masks sales are up. With the addition of independent sales
representatives and an improved line of face masks, sales to new medical
distributors are expected to improve over the next 12 months.

                                       11
<PAGE>

Dental market sales increased by approximately $143,000 or 10.2% for the year
ended December 31, 2000 as compared to the same period in 1999. The Company
is working with national dental distributors to increase the Company's share
of the Dental market.

Sales in the Pet supply market, in which the Company markets a line of pet
beds, increased by $130,000 or 13.3% for the year ended December 31, 2000 as
compared to the same period in 1999. Since late 1999, the Company has
dedicated a sales representative to this market and sales should continue to
strengthen.

In the Food Service market, sales for the year ended December 31, 2000 were
$175,000 compared to $56,000 in the same period of 1999, an increase of $119,000
or 212.5%. The Company expects Food Service sales to gain momentum and grow
significantly in 2001. The Company has signed a Vendor Supply Agreement in 2000
with a leader in the food service industry who has more than 25,000 restaurants
in 119 countries worldwide, to market its line of proprietary Food Service
Safety Products to their restaurants. Alpha has initiated a widespread
telemarketing and sampling campaign. The Company has participated and will
continue to participate in local and regional meetings throughout the US
along with Security, Human Resources, and Field Service directors from this
industry leader. The Company is also working with insurance companies which
specialize in insuring the Food Service industry, as well as other national
Food Service chains.

Management believes that over the next twelve months, revenue will grow in all
of its current markets, which include Industrial Cleanroom/Safety, Medical,
Dental, Pet Supply and Food Service.

COST OF GOODS SOLD Cost of goods sold decreased to $12,238,000 for the year
ended December 31, 2000 from $12,250,000 for the same period in 1999. As a
percentage of net sales, cost of goods sold decreased to 57.9% in 2000 from
60.5% in 1999. Gross profit margin increased to 42.1% for the year ended
December 31, 2000 from 39.5% for the same period in 1999. Management expects
gross profit margin for fiscal 2001 to continue to be strong, due to a more
global emphasis on purchasing and a continued emphasis on improving
manufacturing processes and efficiency.

SELLING, GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES Selling, general and administrative
expenses increased by $482,000 or 7.6%, to $6,834,000 for the year ended
December 31, 2000 from $6,352,000 for the year ended December 31, 1999. As a
percentage of net sales, selling, general and administrative expenses increased
to 32.3% in the year ended December 31, 2000 from 31.4% in the same period of
1999. The increase in selling, general and administrative expenses primarily
consists of increased payroll related costs of $392,000; increased public
company expenses of $50,000, including investor relations, stock exchange
listing fees, options/warrants issued for services, annual report and annual
meeting costs, stock transfer costs, and costs associated with SEC reporting
requirements; and increased marketing, commissions and travel expenses of
$256,000. This is partially offset by decreased office, telephone, factory,
insurance and general expenses of $154,000, decreased professional fees of
$40,000 and decreased rent of $22,000. Management expects selling, general and
administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales to decrease as sales
increase.

DEPRECIATION & AMORTIZATION Depreciation and amortization expense increased by
$43,000 to $405,000 for the year ended December 31, 2000 from $362,000 for the
same period in 1999. The increase is primarily attributable to increased
depreciation on the automated shoecover machines and the introduction of new
mask machines.



                                       12
<PAGE>

INCOME FROM OPERATIONS Income from operations increased by $382,000 or 30.1%, to
$1,653,000 for the year ended December 31, 2000 as compared to income from
operations of $1,271,000 for the year ended December 31, 1999. The increase in
income from operations is due to an increase in gross profit of $907,000,
partially offset by an increase in selling, general and administrative expenses
of $482,000 and an increase in depreciation and amortization of $43,000.

NET INTEREST Net interest expense decreased by $130,000 or 104.8% to net
interest income of $6,000 for the year ended December 31, 2000 from net interest
expense of $124,000 for the year ended December 31, 1999. The decrease in net
interest expense is due to lower borrowings, lower interest rate, decreased
interest on capital leases and increased interest income. Interest income
increased by $22,000, to $61,000 for the year ended December 31, 2000 from
$39,000 in the same period of 1999.

PROVISION FOR INCOME TAX Provision for income tax increased by $181,000 or
1005.6% to $199,000 for the year ended December 31, 2000 from $18,000 for the
year ended December 31, 1999. The increase in income tax is due to net operating
losses (NOL's) from prior years being utilized during all of 1999 and only
through the third quarter in 2000.

NET INCOME Net income for the year ended December 31, 2000 was a record
$1,460,000 compared to net income of $1,129,000 for the year ended December 31,
1999, an improvement of $331,000 or 29.3%. The net income increase of $331,000
is comprised of an increase in income from operations of $382,000, a decrease in
interest expense of $130,000, partially offset by an increase in income taxes of
$181,000.

The Company in 1999 initiated a 401 (k) Retirement Savings Plan. Employees who
have attained age 21 and completed at least one year of service with the Company
are eligible to make contributions to the 401 (k) Plan of up to 12% of the
employees compensation. The employee's fully vested benefit under the plan may
be distributed to the employee upon retirement, death, disability or termination
of employment or upon reaching age 59 1/2. Under the 401 (k) Plan the Company is
contributing 1/2 of 1% for employees contributing 1% of their compensation and
1% for employees contributing 2% or more of their compensation. For the year
ended December 31, 2000 the Company has accrued $14,200 compared to $15,300 for
the year ended December 31, 1999.

The chief executive officer and president are entitled to a combined bonus equal
to 10% of the pre-tax profits of the company. A bonus of $183,000 has been
accrued in 2000 as compared to $125,000 in 1999.



                                       13
<PAGE>

FISCAL 1999 COMPARED TO FISCAL 1998

The Company reported net income for the year ended December 31, 1999 of
$1,129,000 as compared to net income of $316,000 for the year ended December 31,
1998, representing an improvement of $813,000 or 257.3%. The net income increase
of $813,000 is attributable primarily to an increase in gross profit of
$733,000, due to a 12.5% increase in sales, a Decrease in depreciation and
amortization of $40,000, a decrease in net interest expense of $69,000,
partially offset by an increase in selling, general and administrative expenses
of $11,000 and an increase in provision for incomes taxes of $18,000.

SALES Consolidated net sales for the year ended December 31, 1999 increased to
$20,235,000 from $17,985,000 in 1998, representing an increase of $2,250,000 or
12.5%.

Net sales for the Apparel Division for the year ended December 31, 1999 were
$12,883,000 as compared to $11,685,000 for the same period of 1998. The Apparel
Division sales increase of $1,198,000 or 10.3% was primarily due to increased
sales to the Company's largest distributor. This distributor has reported sales
increases of the Company's products for six consecutive quarters. Net sales to
this distributor were 57.8% and 51.1% of total consolidated net sales for 1999
and 1998, respectively.

Mask and eye shield sales increased by $915,000 or 22.0% to $5,073,000 in 1999
from $4,158,000 in 1998. This increase is primarily the result of growth in
industrial mask sales, and to a lesser extent medical mask sales, partially
offset by a decline of sales in the dental distributor market. The industrial
mask sales increase is primarily the result of sales to the Company's largest
distributor. As a result of the introduction of the Medical Division in 1999,
medical mask sales improved 8.1% in 1999.

Sales from the Company's Extended Care Unreal Lambskin(R) and other related
products, which includes a line of pet beds, increased by $137,000 or 6.4% to
$2,279,000 in 1999 compared to $2,142,000 in the same period in 1998. The
increase in sales of $137,000 is primarily the result of increased pet product
sales and to a lesser extent to medical fleece sales. In 1999, the Company
implemented a pet products telemarketing campaign.

In 1999, sales for all three divisions of the Company improved over the previous
year, as compared to 1998 in which only one division, the Apparel Division,
improved over the prior year.

COST OF GOODS SOLD Cost of goods sold increased to $12,250,000 for the year
ended December 31,1999 from $10,733,000 for the same period in 1998. As a
percentage of net sales, cost of goods sold increased to 60.5% in 1999 from
59.7% in 1998. Gross profit margin Decreased to 39.5% for the year ended
December 31, 1999 from 40.3% for the same period in 1998.

The decline in gross profit margin to 39.5% from 40.3% is a result of mask
manufacturing inefficiencies due to the growth of the mask sales.


                                       14
<PAGE>

SELLING, GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES Selling, general and administrative
expenses increased by a modest $11,000 to $6,352,000 for the year ended December
31, 1999 from $6,341,000 for the year ended December 31, 1998. As a percentage
of net sales, selling, general and administrative expenses Decreased to 31.4% in
1999 from 35.3% in 1998. The increase in selling, general and administrative
expenses primarily consists of increased payroll related costs of $342,000;
increased professional fees of $28,000; increased rent expense of $19,000;
increased factory expenses of $42,000 and increased general office and insurance
expenses of $62,000. This is partially offset by Decreased marketing,
commissions, and travel expenses of $359,000; Decreased public company expenses
of $102,000, including investor relations, options/warrants issued for services,
annual report and annual meeting costs, stock transfer costs, and costs
associated with SEC reporting requirements; and Decreased telecommunication
expenses of $21,000.

DEPRECIATION & AMORTIZATION Depreciation and amortization expense Decreased by
$40,000 to $362,000 for the year ended December 31, 1999 from $402,000 for the
same period in 1998. This Decrease is primarily attributable to assets in the
mask division being fully depreciated.

INCOME FROM OPERATIONS Income from operations increased by $762,000 or 149.7%,
to $1,271,000 for the year ended December 31, 1999 as compared to income from
operations of $509,000 for the year ended December 31, 1998. The increase in
income from operations is due to an increase in gross profit of $733,000, a
Decrease in depreciation and amortization of $40,000, partially offset by a
modest increase in selling, general and administrative expenses of $11,000.

NET INTEREST Net interest expense Decreased by $69,000 or 35.8% to $124,000 for
the year ended December 31, 1999 from $193,000 for the year ended December 31,
1998. The Decrease in net interest expense is due to lower borrowings, Decreased
interest on capital leases and increased interest income. Interest income
increased by $3,000, to $39,000 for 1999 from $36,000 in 1998. The Company has
extended until December 31, 2001, its $2,900,000 credit facility with an
asset-based lender, consisting of a line of credit of up to $2,500,000 and a
term note of $400,000, with interest at prime plus 1.75% on the credit line and
at prime plus 2.25% on the term note.

PROVISION FOR INCOME TAX Provision for income tax consists of the Company's
alternative minimum taxable (AMT) income. Net operating losses (NOLs) from prior
years were utilized during 1999 to offset all other income tax expense.

NET INCOME Net income for the year ended December 31, 1999 was $1,129,000
compared to net income of $316,000 for the year ended December 31, 1998, an
improvement of $813,000 or 257.3%. The net income increase of $813,000 is
comprised of an increase in income from operations of $762,000 and a Decrease in
interest expense of $69,000, partially offset by an increase in provision for
income taxes of $18,000.

The Company in 1999 initiated a 401(k) Retirement Savings Plan. Employees who
have attained age 21 and completed at least one year of service with the
Company are eligible to make contributions to the 401(k) Plan of up to 12% of
the employees compensation. The employee's fully vested benefit under the
plan may be distributed to the employee upon retirement, death, disability or
termination of employment or upon reaching age 59 1/2. Under the 401(k) Plan
the Company is contributing 1/2 of 1% for employees contributing 1% of their
compensation and 1% for employees contributing 2% or more of their
compensation. For the year ended December 31, 1999 the company has accrued
$15,300.

The chief executive officer and president are entitled to a combined bonus
equal to 10% of the pre-tax profits of the company. A bonus of $125,000 was
earned in 1999 as compared to $32,000 in 1998.

                                       15
<PAGE>

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

As of December 31, 2000, the Company had cash of $1,131,000 and working capital
of $5,475,000. During the year ended December 31, 2000, cash increased by
$346,000 and accounts payable and accrued liabilities decreased by $405,000. The
increase in the Company's cash is primarily due to income from operations and a
decrease in inventory, partially offset by capital expenditures of $872,000 and
a reduction in borrowings of $427,000. In 2000, the Company re-negotiated its
credit facility to a traditionally based line of credit from an asset-based
loan. The Company has a $4,041,000 credit facility with the bank, of which
$494,000 is outstanding at December 31, 2000, consisting of a line of credit of
up to $3,500,000, a term note of $225,000 and a equipment loan of $316,000, with
interest at prime plus 1.0% on the credit line, prime plus 1.0% on the term loan
and a 10.25% fixed rate on the equipment loan. The line of credit expires in May
2002, the term note expires in April 2003 and the equipment loan expires in
November 2005. At December 31, 2000, the Company had not borrowed on its line of
credit.

Net cash provided by operations was $2,091,000 for the year ended December 31,
2000 compared to $1,677,000 for the same period of 1999. The Company's
generation of cash from operations for the year ended December 31, 2000 is
due primarily to the increase in net income, a decrease in inventory, and a
decrease in prepaid expenses and other assets, partially offset by an
increase in accounts receivable and a decrease in accounts payable and
accrued liabilities.

The Company's investing activities have consisted primarily of expenditures for
fixed assets of $872,000 and increases in intangible assets of $24,000 for a
total of $896,000 for the year ended December 31, 2000 compared to $479,000 for
the year ended December 31, 1999.

The Company anticipates that its mask manufacturing capabilities are to be
further improved in 2001 at an estimated cost of $400,000. The Company also
anticipates that its automated shoecover manufacturing capabilities are to be
further improved in 2001 at an estimated cost of $150,000. The Company intends
to lease equipment whenever possible.

During the year ended December 31, 2000, the Company's cash used in financing
resulted primarily from net decreases in the Company's loan payable of $427,000,
decreases in capital leases of $130,000 and the buy-back of 374,100 of the
Company's common share at a cost of $506,000 and the exercise of options to
purchase 236,667 shares of the Company's common shares in which the Company
received $214,000. The Company announced in December 1999 that it was
authorized to buy-back up to $500,000 of its own shares. In January 2001, the
Company announced today that its Board of Directors has authorized the
repurchase of an additional $500,000 worth of shares of the Company's
outstanding Common Stock. As of February 28, 2001, the Company has bought
back 436,600 common shares at a cost of $571,800.

The Company believes that cash generated from operations, its current cash
balance, and the funds available under its asset-based borrowings, will be
sufficient to satisfy the Company's projected working capital and planned
capital expenditures for at least 12 months.


                                       16
<PAGE>

YEAR 2000

We met our Year 2000 project objectives and completed the project prior to
year-end. We have not experienced any disruption in our operations as a result
of non-compliance of vendors, financial institutions, or other third parties or
external systems. At this time, the possibility of a third-party risk arising,
which could have a material risk on the company, is not reasonably likely to
occur. In 1998 we developed a Year 2000 program to identify, evaluate, test,
upgrade, or replace each of our computer based systems in connection with Year
2000 readiness. We completed the process of modifying, upgrading, remediating
and replacing major computer related systems that were identified as potentially
non-compliant in June 1999. In 1999 we requested letters of compliance from
critical external suppliers to determine the status of their efforts to become
Year 2000 compliant. Total costs associated with our Year 2000 project were
funded with operating cash flow and approximated $50,000, of which approximately
$20,000 was incurred in 1998 and approximately $30,000 was incurred in 1999.


ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

Consolidated financial statements and the Report of Independent Accountants
thereon are set forth under Item 14 (a) (1) of this Form 10-K.


ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
        FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

                                      NONE



                                       17
<PAGE>



                                    PART III


The information pursuant to Items 10, 11, 12 and 13 is omitted from this report
(in accordance with Federal Instruction G for Form 10-K), since the Company is
filing with the Commission (by no later than April 30, 2001), a definitive proxy
statement pursuant to Regulation 14A, which involves the election of directors
at the annual shareholders' meeting of the Company which is expected to be held
in June of 2001.


                                       18
<PAGE>

                                     PART IV

ITEM 14. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

(a)   1 and 2 Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules

SEE INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES APPEARING ON
PAGE F-1 OF THIS FORM 10-K

(b)   Exhibit Index

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

ITEM 16. EXHIBITS

<S>         <C>      <C>
(3)         (a)      Certificate of Incorporation dated February 17, 1983
            (b)      Certificate of Change of Name dated July 27, 1988
            (c)      Certificate of Change of Name dated July 4, 1989
            (d)      Memorandum
            (e)      Articles (equivalent to By-Laws)
            (f)      Certificate of Incorporation of Alpha Pro Tech, Ltd. dated
                     June 15, 1994*
            (g)      Application for Certificate of Registration and Articles of
                     Continuance- State of Wyoming - Filed June 24, 1994 *
            (h)      Certificate of Registration and Articles of Continuance of
                     Secretary of State, State of Wyoming, dated June 24, 1994 *
            (i)      Certificate of Secretary of State of Wyoming dated June 24,
                     1995 *
            (j)      Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of
                     Alpha Pro Tech, Ltd., dated June 24, 1994 *
            (k)      Article of Merger of BFD Industries, Inc., a Wyoming
                     Corporation and Alpha Pro Tech, Ltd., a Delaware
                     Corporation, effective July 1, 1994 *
            (l)      Certificate of Ownership and Merger which merges BFD
                     Industries with and into Alpha Pro Tech, Ltd., a Delaware
                     Corporation effective July 1, 1994 *

(4)         (a)      Form of Common Stock Certificate **

(10)        (a)      Form of Director's Stock Option Agreement
            (b)      Form of Employee's Stock Option Agreement
            (c)      Employment Agreement between the Company and Al Millar
                     dated June, 1989
            (c)(i)   Employment Agreement between the Company and Donald E.
                     Bennett, Jr. **
            (c)(ii)  Employment Agreement between the Company and Michael
                     Scheerer ***
            (d)      Lease Agreement between White Dairy Company, Inc. and the
                     Company for lease of the premises situated at 2724-7th
                     Avenue South, Birmingham, Alabama, 35233, dated March 1990
                     and amendment thereto dated April, 1990
            (e)      BFD Industries Limited Partnership Agreement between 881216
                     Ontario Inc. and Bernard Charles Sherman dated May 17, 1990
            (f)      Asset Purchase Agreement between the Company and the BFD
                     Industries Limited Partnership dated May 17, 1990
            (g)      Purchase Agreement between the Company, Bernard Charles
                     Sherman and Apotex, Inc. dated June 21, 1991 and amendment
                     thereto made August 30, 1991
            (h)      Professional Services Agreement between the Company and
                     Quanta Corporation dated September, 1991
            (i)      Sales and Marketing Agreement between the Company and MDC
                     Corp., dated October 4, 1991
            (j)      National Account Marketing Agreement between the Company
                     and National Contracts, Inc. dated October 7, 1991
</TABLE>


                                       19
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<S>         <C>      <C>
            (k)      Group Purchasing Agreement between the Company and Premier
                     Hospitals Alliance, Inc. dated November 1, 1991
            (l)      Letter of Intent between the Company and the shareholders
                     of Alpha Pro Tech, Inc. dated December 11, 1991 and
                     amendment thereto dated February 19, 1992
            (m)      Group Purchasing Agreement between the Company and AmeriNet
                     Incorporated dated January, 1992 (n) Group Purchasing
                     Agreement between the Company and Magnet, Inc.
            (o)      Share Purchase Agreement re Acquisition of Alpha Pro Tech,
                     Inc.
            (p)      VWR Scientific Products Corporation Distribution Agreement
                     dated January 1, 2000****
</TABLE>


--------------------------------------------------

Unless otherwise noted, all of the foregoing exhibits are incorporated by
reference to Form 10 Registration Statement (File No. 0-1983) filed on February
25, 1992.

*     Incorporated by reference to Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
      ended December 31, 1994 (File No. 019893)

**    Incorporated by reference to Registration Statement on Form S-1, (File
      No. 33-93894) which became effective August 10, 1995

***   Incorporated by reference to Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 filed January
      30, 1997 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No,.
      33-93894)

****  Filed herewith



                                       20
<PAGE>

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the Registrant has fully caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                              ALPHA PRO TECH, LTD.

Date: February 26, 2001             By: /s/ SHELDON HOFFMAN
      -----------------                --------------------
                                          Sheldon Hoffman
                                          Chief Executive Officer,
                                          Principal Financial Officer
                                          and Director


Date: February 26, 2001             By:  /s/ LLOYD HOFFMAN
      -----------------                 ------------------
                                          Lloyd Hoffman
                                          Senior Vice President, Controller and
                                          Principal Accounting Officer


Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report
has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registration and
in the capacities indicated on February 28, 2000.


       /s/ DONALD E. BENNETT, JR.
      ---------------------------
      Donald E. Bennett, Jr. Director


       /s/ SHELDON HOFFMAN
      --------------------
      Sheldon Hoffman, Director


       /s/ ROBERT H. ISALY
      --------------------
      Robert H. Isaly, Director


       /s/ ALEXANDER W. MILLAR
      ------------------------
      Alexander W. Millar, Director


       /s/ DR. JOHN RITOTA
      --------------------
      Dr. John Ritota, Director






                                       21
<PAGE>





            ALPHA PRO TECH, LTD.

            CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

            DECEMBER 31, 2000, 1999 AND 1998















<PAGE>

ALPHA PRO TECH, LTD.

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                               Page
<S>                                                                             <C>
Consolidated Financial Statements:

   Report of Independent Accountants............................................F-2

   Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2000 and 1999....................F-3

   Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three years
     in the period ended December 31, 2000......................................F-4

   Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity for the
     three years in the period ended December 31, 2000..........................F-5

   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the three years in the
     period ended December 31, 2000.............................................F-6

   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements...................................F-7


Financial Statement Schedules:

   Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts for the three years in the
     period ended December 31, 2000.............................................F-19
</TABLE>


All other schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the required
information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto.




                                      F-1
<PAGE>





                        REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS


To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of
Alpha Pro Tech, Ltd.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements listed in the accompanying
index present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Alpha
Pro Tech, Ltd. and its subsidiaries at December 31, 2000 and 1999, and the
results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in
the period ended December 31, 2000, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. In addition, in our opinion,
the financial statement schedule listed in the accompanying index presents
fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein when read in
conjunction with the related consolidated financial statements. These financial
statements and financial statement schedule are the responsibility of the
Company's management; our responsibility is to express an opinion on these
financial statements and financial statement schedule based on our audits. We
conducted our audits of these statements in accordance with auditing standards
generally accepted in the United States of America, which require that we plan
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a
test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.




/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Salt Lake City, Utah
February 26, 2001



                                      F-2
<PAGE>


ALPHA PRO TECH, LTD

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                      DECEMBER 31,
                                                                    2000        1999
                                                                 ----------- ------------
<S>                                                             <C>          <C>
Assets
Current assets:
   Cash                                                         $ 1,131,000  $   785,000
   Restricted cash                                                        -       18,000
   Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts
    of $32,000 and $40,000, respectively                          3,359,000    3,252,000
   Inventories                                                    2,399,000    2,957,000
   Prepaid expenses and other current assets                        247,000      146,000
   Deferred income taxes                                            250,000        3,000
                                                                -----------  -----------
     Total current assets                                         7,386,000    7,161,000

Property and equipment, net                                       2,777,000    2,260,000
Intangible assets, net                                              254,000      287,000
Notes receivable and other assets                                    87,000      340,000
                                                                -----------  -----------
     Total assets                                               $10,504,000  $10,048,000
                                                                ===========  ===========

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
Current liabilities:
   Accounts payable                                             $   932,000  $ 1,284,000
   Accrued liabilities                                              467,000      610,000
   Notes payable, current portion                                   131,000      754,000
   Capital leases, current portion                                   41,000      135,000
                                                                -----------  -----------
     Total current liabilities                                    1,571,000    2,783,000

Notes payable, less current portion                                 363,000      167,000
Capital leases, less current portion                                      -       36,000
Deferred income taxes                                               340,000            -
                                                                -----------  -----------
     Total liabilities                                            2,274,000    2,986,000
                                                                -----------  -----------

Commitments and contingencies (Notes 7 and 10)

Shareholders' Equity:
   Common stock, $.01 par value, 50,000,000 shares authorized,
    23,942,516 and 24,079,949 issued and outstanding at
    December 31, 2000 and 1999, respectively                        239,000      241,000
   Additional paid-in capital                                    24,028,000   24,318,000
   Accumulated deficit                                          (16,037,000) (17,497,000)
                                                                -----------  -----------
     Total shareholders' equity                                   8,230,000    7,062,000
                                                                -----------  -----------
                                                                $10,504,000  $10,048,000
                                                                ===========  ===========
</TABLE>

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
statements.



                                      F-3
<PAGE>

ALPHA PRO TECH, LTD

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                       YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                  2000            1999           1998
                                              ------------    ------------   ------------
<S>                                           <C>             <C>            <C>
Sales                                         $ 21,130,000    $ 20,235,000   $ 17,985,000

Cost of goods sold, excluding depreciation
   and amortization                             12,238,000      12,250,000     10,733,000
                                              ------------    ------------   ------------

                                                 8,892,000       7,985,000      7,252,000

Expenses:
   Selling, general and administrative           6,834,000       6,352,000      6,341,000
   Depreciation and amortization                   405,000         362,000        402,000
                                              ------------    ------------   ------------

   Income from operations                        1,653,000       1,271,000        509,000
                                              ------------    ------------   ------------

   Other expense (income)
    Interest, net                                   (6,000)        124,000        193,000
                                              ------------    ------------   ------------

Income before provision
   for income taxes                              1,659,000       1,147,000        316,000

Provision for income taxes                         199,000          18,000             --
                                              ------------    ------------   ------------

Net income                                    $  1,460,000    $  1,129,000   $    316,000
                                              ------------    ------------   ------------

Basic income per share                        $       0.06    $       0.05   $       0.01
                                              ------------    ------------   ------------

Diluted income per share                      $       0.06    $       0.05   $       0.01
                                              ------------    ------------   ------------


Basic weighted average shares outstanding       24,049,774      24,110,722     24,112,449
                                              ------------    ------------   ------------


Diluted weighted average shares outstanding     25,580,880      24,450,382     24,238,866
                                              ------------    ------------   ------------
</TABLE>


The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
statements.




                                      F-4
<PAGE>

ALPHA PRO TECH, LTD

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                               ADDITIONAL
                                                  COMMON         PAID-IN       ACCUMULATED
                                  SHARES          STOCK          CAPITAL         DEFICIT          TOTAL
                               ------------    ------------    ------------    ------------    ------------
<S>                              <C>           <C>             <C>             <C>             <C>
Balance at
   December 31, 1997             24,112,449    $    241,000    $ 24,338,000    $(18,942,000)   $  5,637,000

Net income                               --              --              --         316,000         316,000
                               ------------    ------------    ------------    ------------    ------------

Balance at
   December 31, 1998             24,112,449         241,000      24,338,000     (18,626,000)      5,953,000

Warrants issued for services             --              --           4,000              --           4,000
Shares repurchased/cancelled        (32,500)             --         (24,000)             --         (24,000)
Net income                               --              --              --       1,129,000       1,129,000
                               ------------    ------------    ------------    ------------    ------------

Balance at
   December 31, 1999             24,079,949         241,000      24,318,000     (17,497,000)      7,062,000

Options exercised                   236,667           2,000         212,000              --         214,000
Shares repurchased                 (374,100)         (4,000)       (502,000)             --        (506,000)
Net income                               --              --              --       1,460,000       1,460,000
                               ------------    ------------    ------------    ------------    ------------

Balance at
   December 31, 2000             23,942,516    $    239,000    $ 24,028,000    $(16,037,000)   $  8,230,000
                               ============    ============    ============    ============    ============
</TABLE>






The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
statements.



                                      F-5
<PAGE>

ALPHA PRO TECH, LTD

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                  YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                           2000            1999            1998
                                                       ------------    ------------    ------------
<S>                                                    <C>             <C>             <C>
Cash flows from operating activities:
   Net income (loss)                                   $  1,460,000    $  1,129,000    $    316,000
   Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net
    cash provided by (used in) operating activities:
     Depreciation and amortization                          405,000         362,000         402,000
     Amortization of securities issued for services              --          25,000         110,000
     Write off of intangible assets                           9,000              --              --
     Deferred taxes                                          93,000          (3,000)             --
     Changes in assets and liabilities:
      Restricted cash                                        18,000          (2,000)          5,000
      Accounts receivable                                  (107,000)       (214,000)       (233,000)
      Inventories                                           558,000          42,000         698,000
      Prepaid expenses and other assets                     150,000         (99,000)         61,000
      Accounts payable and accrued liabilities             (495,000)        437,000      (1,179,000)
                                                       ------------    ------------    ------------

   Net cash provided by operating activities              2,091,000       1,677,000         180,000
                                                       ------------    ------------    ------------

Cash flows from investing activities:
   Purchase of property and equipment                      (872,000)       (453,000)       (347,000)
   Cost of intangible assets                                (24,000)        (26,000)        (43,000)
                                                       ------------    ------------    ------------

   Net cash used in investing activities                   (896,000)       (479,000)       (390,000)
                                                       ------------    ------------    ------------

Cash flows from financing activities:
   Proceeds from issuance of common stock                   214,000              --              --
   Payments for the repurchase of common stock             (506,000)        (20,000)             --
   Proceeds from loans payable                            3,311,000      20,232,000      18,131,000
   Repayments on loans payable                           (3,738,000)    (20,567,000)    (18,246,000)
   Principal repayments on capital leases                  (130,000)       (101,000)       (122,000)
                                                       ------------    ------------    ------------

   Net cash used in financing activities                   (849,000)       (456,000)       (237,000)
                                                       ------------    ------------    ------------

Increase (decrease) in cash                            $    346,000    $    742,000    $   (447,000)

Cash, beginning of period                                   785,000          43,000         490,000
                                                       ------------    ------------    ------------

Cash, end of period                                    $  1,131,000    $    785,000    $     43,000
                                                       ============    ============    ============

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:
   Cash paid for interest                              $     57,000    $    163,000    $    229,000
                                                       ============    ============    ============

   Cash paid for income taxes                          $    275,000    $         --    $         --
                                                       ============    ============    ============
</TABLE>


NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITY:

  2000
  None.

  1999
  The company incurred capital lease obligations for machinery and equipment of
  $56,000.

  1998
  The Company incurred capital lease obligations for machinery and equipment of
  $53,000.


The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
statements.


                                      F-6
<PAGE>

ALPHA PRO TECH, LTD.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


1.  THE COMPANY

    Alpha Pro Tech, Ltd. (the Company) manufactures and distributes a variety of
    disposable mask, shield, shoecover and apparel products and woundcare
    (fleece) products. Most of the Company's disposable apparel, mask and shield
    products and woundcare products are distributed to medical, dental,
    industrial and clean room markets, predominantly in the United States of
    America.


2.  SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

    PRINCIPLES OF CONSOLIDATION
    The consolidated financial statements of the Company include the accounts of
    the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Alpha Pro Tech, Inc. (APT), as
    well as APT's wholly-owned subsidiary, DPI De Mexico (DPI). All significant
    intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated.

    INVENTORIES
    Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is determined
    using the first-in, first-out method. Provision is made for slow-moving,
    obsolete or unusable inventory.

    PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT
    Property and equipment is stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and
    amortization and is depreciated and amortized using the straight-line method
    over the shorter of the respective useful lives of the assets or the related
    lease terms as follows:

<TABLE>
<S>                                              <C>
    Factory equipment                            9-20 years
    Office furniture and equipment               7 years
    Leasehold improvements                       4-6 years
    Vehicles                                     5 years
</TABLE>

    Expenditures for renewals and betterments are capitalized whereas costs of
    maintenance and repairs are charged to operations in the period incurred.

    INTANGIBLE ASSETS
    The excess of purchase price over the estimated fair value of assets
    acquired and liabilities assumed has been recorded as goodwill and is being
    amortized using the straight-line method over 8 years. Patent rights and
    trademarks are recorded at cost and are amortized using the straight-line
    method over their estimated useful lives of 8-17 years.

    LONG-LIVED ASSETS
    Impairment of long-lived assets is determined in accordance with Statement
    of Financial Accounting Standards No. 121 (SFAS 121), "Accounting for the
    Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and of Long-Lived Assets to be Disposed Of."
    SFAS 121 requires that long-lived assets and certain identifiable intangible
    assets be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in
    circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be
    recoverable.

    STOCK OPTIONS ISSUED FOR SERVICES
    Options to purchase common stock and warrants to purchase common stock that
    are granted to nonemployees in exchange for services are valued at their
    estimated fair value at the measurement date and are expensed over the
    period the services are rendered. Effective January 1, 2000, the Company's
    policy is to no longer grant stock options and warrants to nonemployees.



                                      F-7
<PAGE>

ALPHA PRO TECH, LTD.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


    REVENUE RECOGNITION
    Sales are recognized when goods are shipped to customers. Sales are reduced
    for anticipated sales returns and allowances.

    STOCK BASED COMPENSATION
    As allowed by Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123 (SFAS
    123), "Accounting for Stock-based Compensation," which recommends, but does
    not require, a method based on the fair value of equity instruments awarded
    to employees to account for stock-based compensation, the Company applies
    the intrinsic value method prescribed by APB Opinion No. 25, "Accounting for
    Stock Issued to Employees" to account for its stock-based compensation. The
    company also provides pro forma disclosure in the notes to the financial
    statements of the differences between the fair value method and the
    intrinsic value method as required by SFAS 123 (Note 8).

    INCOME TAXES
    The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with Statement of
    Financial Accounting Standards No. 109 (SFAS 109), "Accounting for Income
    Taxes." This statement requires an asset and liability approach for
    accounting for income taxes. A valuation allowance is recorded to reduce the
    carrying amounts of deferred tax assets unless it is more likely than not
    such assets will be realized (Note 9).

    NET INCOME PER SHARE
    The following table provides a reconciliation of both the net income and the
    number of shares used in the computations of "basic" earnings per share
    ("EPS"), which utilizes the weighted average number of shares outstanding
    without regard to potential shares, and "diluted" EPS, which includes all
    such shares.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                           2000          1999           1998
<S>                                                     <C>           <C>           <C>
Net income (Numerator)                                  $ 1,460,000   $ 1,129,000   $   316,000

Shares (Denominator):
   Basic weighted average shares outstanding             24,049,774    24,110,722    24,112,449
   Add: Dilutive effect of stock options and warrants     1,531,106       339,660       126,417
                                                        -----------   -----------   -----------

   Diluted weighted average shares outstanding          $25,580,880   $24,450,382   $24,238,866
                                                        -----------   -----------   -----------

Net income per share:
   Basic                                                $      0.06   $      0.05   $      0.01
   Diluted                                              $      0.06   $      0.05   $      0.01
</TABLE>


    TRANSLATION OF FOREIGN CURRENCIES
    The Company has adopted the United States dollar as its functional currency.
    Transactions in foreign currencies during the reporting periods are
    translated into the functional currency at the exchange rate prevailing at
    the transaction date. Monetary assets and liabilities in foreign currencies
    at each period end are translated at the exchange rate in effect at that
    date and are immaterial in amount. Transaction gains or losses on foreign
    exchange are reflected in net income for the periods presented and are not
    significant in amount.



                                      F-8
<PAGE>

ALPHA PRO TECH, LTD.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


    RECLASSIFICATIONS
    Certain 1999 balances have been reclassified to conform to the current
    year's presentation.

    USE OF ESTIMATES
    The preparation of these consolidated financial statements in conformity
    with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
    America require management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
    reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent
    assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements
    and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting
    period. Actual results could differ from these estimates.

    FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
    The fair value of financial instruments including cash, restricted cash,
    accounts receivable, notes receivable, accounts payable and notes payable
    approximate their respective book values at December 31, 2000 and 1999.


3.  INVENTORIES

    Inventories consist of the following:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                    2000          1999
<S>                                             <C>            <C>
    Raw materials                               $ 1,375,000    $ 1,656,000
    Work in process                                 174,000        123,000
    Finished goods                                1,155,000      1,414,000
                                                -----------    -----------

                                                  2,704,000      3,193,000
    Less reserve for obsolescence                  (305,000)      (236,000)
                                                -----------    -----------

                                                $ 2,399,000    $ 2,957,000
                                                -----------    -----------
</TABLE>


4.  PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

    Property and equipment consist of the following:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                        2000           1999
<S>                                                  <C>            <C>
    Machinery and equipment                          $ 3,952,000    $ 3,138,000
    Office furniture and equipment                       511,000        470,000
    Leasehold improvements                                93,000         75,000
                                                     -----------    -----------

                                                       4,556,000      3,683,000
    Less accumulated depreciation and amortization    (1,779,000)    (1,423,000)
                                                     -----------    -----------

                                                     $ 2,777,000    $ 2,260,000
                                                     -----------    -----------
</TABLE>


                                      F-9
<PAGE>

ALPHA PRO TECH, LTD.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


    Included in the above amounts are the following assets under capital lease
    obligations:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                       2000         1999
<S>                                                  <C>          <C>
    Machinery and equipment                          $ 146,000    $ 458,000
    Office furniture and equipment                      22,000       84,000
                                                     ---------    ---------

                                                       168,000      542,000

    Less accumulated amortization                     (114,000)    (224,000)
                                                     ---------    ---------

                                                     $  54,000    $ 318,000
                                                     ---------    ---------
</TABLE>


5.  INTANGIBLE ASSETS

    Intangible assets consist of the following:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                       2000        1999
<S>                                                 <C>          <C>
    Goodwill                                        $ 206,000    $ 206,000
    Patents and trademarks                            180,000      165,000
    Other                                              95,000       95,000
                                                    ---------    ---------

                                                      481,000      466,000
    Less accumulated amortization                    (227,000)    (179,000)
                                                    ---------    ---------

                                                    $ 254,000    $ 287,000
                                                    ---------    ---------
</TABLE>


6.  ACCRUED LIABILITIES

    Accrued liabilities consist of the following:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                      2000       1999
<S>                                                 <C>        <C>
    Professional fees                               $ 96,000   $ 90,000
    Payroll and payroll taxes                        139,000    169,000
    Other                                            232,000    351,000
                                                    --------   --------

                                                    $467,000   $610,000
                                                    --------   --------
</TABLE>



                                      F-10
<PAGE>

ALPHA PRO TECH, LTD.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

7.  NOTES PAYABLE

    In December 1997, the Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary APT,
    entered into a three-year credit facility with an asset-based lender. The
    facility has been subsequently extended until December 31, 2001. Notes
    payable at December 31, 1999 represent outstanding amounts against the
    facility. Pursuant to the terms of the credit agreement, the Company has a
    line of credit for up to $3,500,000 based on eligible accounts receivable
    and inventory, of which zero was outstanding and $1,867,060 was available at
    December 31, 2000. The credit facility bears interest at prime plus 1.00%,
    which totaled 10.5% at December 31, 2000 and is collateralized by accounts
    receivable, inventory, trademarks, patents, property, and 66.67% of the
    issued and outstanding shares of DPI.

    The Company also has a $225,000 term note collateralized by equipment. The
    Company's outstanding balance on this term note was $178,000 at December 31,
    2000. The term note is due in monthly installments of $7,000 with interest
    at prime plus 1.00%, which totaled 10.5% at December 31, 2000, maturing July
    1, 2003.

    The Company paid $29,000 in loan origination fees to obtain the above credit
    facilities. Under the terms of the agreement, the Company pays a 0.5% loan
    fee annually.

    The Company obtained an equipment loan in November 2000 and the outstanding
    balance at December 31, 2000 was $316,000. Payments are due in monthly
    installments of $7,000 with a fixed interest rate of 10.25%, maturing
    November 2005.

    Future maturities of notes payable are as follows:

<TABLE>
<S>                                                                  <C>
    2001                                                             $ 131,000
    2002                                                               136,000
    2003                                                                81,000
    2004                                                                69,000
    2005                                                                77,000
                                                                     ---------

                                                                     $ 494,000
                                                                     ---------
</TABLE>



                                      F-11
<PAGE>

ALPHA PRO TECH, LTD.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

8.  SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

    WARRANT ACTIVITY

    For each of the three years ended December 31, 2000 the Company had
    outstanding warrants to purchase 119,048 shares of common stock at an
    exercise price of $1.75 per share. No warrants have been exercised during
    the three years ended December 31, 2000. All warrants expire on July 1,
    2004.

    OPTION ACTIVITY

    During 1993, the Company adopted stock option plans for employees and
    directors of the Company. As of December 31, 1999, 4.5 million shares were
    reserved for issuance under these plans and 3.7 million options have been
    granted. The exercise price of the options is determined based on the fair
    market value of the stock on the date of grant, and the options generally
    vest immediately.

    Option activity for the three years ended December 31, 2000 is as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                       WEIGHTED
                                                       AVERAGE
                                                    EXERCISE PRICE
                                            SHARES    PER OPTION
<S>                                       <C>          <C>
Options outstanding, December 31, 1997    3,398,000    $   1.13
   Granted to employees                   1,864,000    $   0.80
   Exercised                                     --          --
   Canceled                              (2,268,000)   $   1.02
                                         ----------    --------

Options outstanding, December 31, 1998    2,994,000    $   1.00
   Granted to employees                     695,000    $   0.57
   Exercised                                     --          --
   Canceled                                (266,000)   $   1.43
                                         ----------    --------

Options outstanding, December 31, 1999    3,423,000    $   0.88
   Granted to employees                     640,000    $   1.28
   Exercised                               (237,000)   $   0.91
   Canceled                                (564,000)   $   1.34
                                         ----------    --------

Options outstanding, December 31, 2000    3,262,000    $   0.87
                                         ----------    --------
</TABLE>

All options are fully exercisable.

The following summarizes information about stock options outstanding at
December 31, 2000:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                  OPTIONS OUTSTANDING

                                                                     AVERAGE
      EXERCISE                                         AVERAGE         TERM
        PRICE                               SHARES      PRICE       REMAINING
<S>                                       <C>           <C>            <C>
    $0.50 to $0.75                        1,620,000     $ 0.65         2.58
    $0.76 to $0.99                          830,000     $ 0.93         1.46
    $1.00 to $1.50                          812,000     $ 1.26         3.63
</TABLE>




                                      F-12
<PAGE>

ALPHA PRO TECH, LTD.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

    Had compensation expense for the Company's employee/director options been
    determined based on the fair value of the options at the grant date, the
    Company's pro forma net income and pro forma net income per share would have
    been as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED
                                                       2000            1999
<S>                                                  <C>            <C>
Pro forma net income                                 $1,221,740     $1,021,000
                                                     ----------     ----------

Pro forma basic income per share                         $0.05          $0.04
                                                     ----------     ----------

Pro forma diluted income per share                       $0.05          $0.04
                                                     ----------     ----------
</TABLE>

    For the purpose of the above pro forma disclosures, the fair value of each
    employee/director stock option was estimated on the date of grant using the
    Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following weighted-average
    assumptions:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                 2000       1999         1998
<S>                                              <C>        <C>          <C>
    Risk-free interest rate                      6.63%      6.00%        5.00%
    Expected life                                5 years    5 years      5 years
    Expected volatility                          93%        70%          70%
    Expected dividend yield                       0%         0%           0%
</TABLE>

    The weighted-average grant date fair values of employee/director options
    granted during 2000, 1999 and 1998 were $0.62, $0.22 and $0.27 respectively.


9.  INCOME TAXES

    The provision for income taxes consists of the following:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                               YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                             2000       1999       1998
<S>                                        <C>        <C>         <C>
    Current                                $106,000   $ 21,000    $   --
    Deferred                                 93,000     (3,000)       --
                                           --------   --------    ------

                                           $199,000   $ 18,000    $   --
                                           --------   --------    ------
</TABLE>



                                      F-13
<PAGE>

ALPHA PRO TECH, LTD.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

    Deferred tax assets (liabilities) are comprised of the following at
    December 31.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                      2000          1999           1998
<S>                               <C>            <C>            <C>
Loss carryforwards
   United States                  $        --    $   522,000    $   967,000
   Canada                                  --        738,000        734,000
Inventory obsolescence                104,000         85,000             --
Alternative minimum tax credits        34,000         16,000             --
State income taxes                     28,000             --             --
Other                                 146,000        101,000        184,000
                                  -----------    -----------    -----------
Gross deferred tax assets             312,000      1,462,000      1,885,000

Depreciation and amortization        (359,000)      (113,000)      (247,000)
State income taxes                         --        (35,000)            --
Other                                 (43,000)       (33,000)            --
                                  -----------    -----------    -----------

Net                                   (90,000)     1,281,000      1,638,000
Valuation allowance                        --     (1,278,000)    (1,638,000)
                                  -----------    -----------    -----------

                                  $   (90,000)   $     3,000    $        --
                                  -----------    -----------    -----------
</TABLE>


    The net deferred tax liability as of December 31, 2000 and 1999 is reflected
    in the balance sheets as follows:

<TABLE>
<S>                               <C>            <C>            <C>
Current deferred tax asset        $   250,000    $     3,000    $        --
Long-term deferred tax liability     (340,000)            --             --
                                  -----------    -----------    -----------

                                  $   (90,000)   $     3,000    $        --
                                  -----------    -----------    -----------
</TABLE>

    The provision for income taxes for 2000 consists of the Company's current
    tax liability and the changes in deferred taxes, including the benefit of
    the elimination of the valuation allowance. The valuation allowance
    offsetting the deferred tax asset in 1999 has been released pursuant to SFAS
    109 as the Company has fully utilized the federal net operating losses
    (NOLs) for United States tax purposes as of December 31, 2000. Some state
    NOLs remain to be utilized in the future. All unutilized Canadian NOLs
    expired as of December 31, 2000.

    The provision for income taxes differs from the amount that would be
    obtained by applying the United States statutory rate to the income before
    income taxes as a result of the following:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                         YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                  2000            1999            1998
<S>                                            <C>            <C>            <C>
Income taxes based on US
   statutory rates (34%)                       $ 564,000      $ 384,000      $ 108,000
Non-deductible meals and entertainment            12,000         11,000         11,000
Increase (decrease) in valuation allowance      (539,000)      (360,000)      (132,000)
Other                                            162,000        (17,000)        13,000
                                               ---------      ---------      ---------
                                               $ 199,000      $  18,000      $      --
                                               ---------      ---------      ---------
</TABLE>


                                      F-14
<PAGE>

ALPHA PRO TECH, LTD.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

10. LEASE COMMITMENTS AND OBLIGATIONS

    The Company leases manufacturing facilities under non-cancelable operating
    leases expiring through November 2002.

    The following summarizes future minimum lease payments required under
    non-cancelable operating leases:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                  OPERATING
                                                    LEASES

<S>                                              <C>
            2001                                 $ 291,000
            2002                                   225,000
            2003                                     9,000
            2004                                     3,000
                                                 ---------
Future minimum lease payments                    $ 528,000
                                                 ---------
</TABLE>

    Total rent expense incurred by the Company under operating leases for the
    years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998 was $636,000, $619,000 and
    $654,000, respectively.

    The Company also leases certain manufacturing and office equipment under
    capital leases expiring between April 2001 and December 2002. Total
    remaining obligations under capital leases at December 31, 2000 are $41,000.

    The Company does not have any pension, profit sharing or similar plans
    established for its employees; however, the chief executive officer and
    president are entitled to a combined bonus equal to 10% of the pre-tax
    profits of the company. A bonus of $183,000 was earned in 2000 as compared
    to $125,000 in 1999.


11. ACTIVITY OF BUSINESS SEGMENTS

    The Company classifies its businesses into three fundamental segments:
    Apparel, consisting of a complete line of disposable clothing such as
    overalls, frocks, lab coats, hoods, bouffant caps, and shoecovers (including
    the Aqua Track and spunbond shoecovers); Mask and eye shields, consisting
    principally of medical, dental and industrial masks and eye shields; and
    Extended Care Unreal Lambskin(R), consisting principally of fleece and other
    related products which includes a line of pet beds.

    The accounting policies of the segments are the same as those described
    previously under "Summary of Significant Accounting Policies." Segment data
    excludes charges allocated to head office and corporate sales/marketing
    departments. The Company evaluates the performance of its segments and
    allocates resources to them based primarily on net sales.



                                      F-15
<PAGE>

ALPHA PRO TECH, LTD.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

    The following table shows net sales for each segment for the years ended
    December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                     2000           1999            1998

<S>                              <C>             <C>             <C>
Apparel                          $13,507,000     $12,883,000     $11,685,000
Mask and shield                    5,361,000       5,073,000       4,158,000
Fleece                             2,262,000       2,279,000       2,142,000
                                 -----------     -----------     -----------
Consolidated total net sales     $21,130,000     $20,235,000     $17,985,000
                                 -----------     -----------     -----------
</TABLE>

    A reconciliation of total segment net income to total consolidated net
    income for the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998 is presented
    below:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                2000             1999            1998
<S>                                         <C>              <C>              <C>
Apparel                                     $ 2,849,000      $ 2,393,000      $ 1,746,000
Mask and Shield                               1,139,000        1,371,000        1,116,000
Fleece                                          486,000          499,000          448,000
                                            -----------      -----------      -----------

Total segment net income                      4,474,000        4,263,000        3,310,000
Unallocated corporate overhead expenses      (3,014,000)      (3,134,000)      (2,994,000)
                                            -----------      -----------      -----------

Consolidated net income                     $ 1,460,000      $ 1,129,000      $   316,000
                                            -----------      -----------      -----------
</TABLE>

    The following reflects sales and long-lived asset information by geographic
    area as of and for the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                             2000           1999            1998
<S>                                      <C>             <C>             <C>
Sales by region
   United States                         $19,802,000     $19,563,000     $17,393,000
   International                           1,328,000         672,000         592,000
                                         -----------     -----------     -----------

Consolidated total sales                 $21,130,000     $20,235,000     $17,985,000
                                         -----------     -----------     -----------

Long-lived assets
   United States                         $ 2,552,000     $ 2,068,000     $ 1,946,000
   International                             225,000         192,000         179,000
                                         -----------     -----------     -----------

Consolidated total long-lived assets     $ 2,777,000     $ 2,260,000     $ 2,125,000
                                         -----------     -----------     -----------
</TABLE>

    Sales by region are based on the countries in which the customers are
    located. The Company did not generate sales from any single foreign country
    that was significant to the Company's consolidated sales.


                                      F-16
<PAGE>

ALPHA PRO TECH, LTD.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

12. MAJOR CUSTOMER AND CONCENTRATION OF CREDIT RISK

    The Company sells significant amounts of product to a large distributor on
    credit terms. Net sales to this distributor were 62.5%, 57.8% and 51.1% of
    total net revenue for 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively. Trade receivables
    from this distributor were 67.9% and 43.1% of total trade receivables for
    2000 and 1999, respectively. Management believes that adequate provision has
    been made for risk of loss on all credit transactions.


13. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

    Included in the notes receivable and other assets balance at December 31,
    2000 and 1999 are notes receivable of $36,000 and $27,000, respectively from
    officers of the Company.


                                      F-17
<PAGE>

                     ALPHA PRO TECH, LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                SCHEDULE II - VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                           BALANCE AT       CHARGED          CHARGED                        BALANCE AT
                           BEGINNING       TO COSTS AND      TO OTHER                         END OF
DESCRIPTION                OF PERIOD        EXPENSES         ACCOUNTS      DEDUCTIONS         PERIOD
<S>                        <C>             <C>             <C>             <C>              <C>
December 31, 2000
Deducted from
related asset account:

Allowance for
doubtful accounts          $    40,000     $    22,000     $        --     $   (30,000)     $    32,000
                           -----------     -----------     -----------     -----------      -----------

Provision for
inventory                  $   262,000     $    43,000     $        --     $        --      $   305,000
                           -----------     -----------     -----------     -----------      -----------

Valuation allowance
for income taxes           $ 1,278,000     $        --     $        --     $(1,278,000)     $        --
                           -----------     -----------     -----------     -----------      -----------

December 31, 1999
Deducted from
related asset account:

Allowance for
doubtful accounts          $    48,000     $     6,000     $        --     $   (14,000)     $    40,000
                           -----------     -----------     -----------     -----------      -----------

Provision for
inventory                  $   146,000     $   116,000     $        --     $        --      $   262,000
                           -----------     -----------     -----------     -----------      -----------

Valuation allowance
for income taxes           $ 1,638,000     $        --     $        --     $  (360,000)     $ 1,278,000
                           -----------     -----------     -----------     -----------      -----------

December 31, 1998
Deducted from
related asset account:

Allowance for
doubtful accounts          $    91,000     $     7,000     $        --     $   (50,000)     $    48,000
                           -----------     -----------     -----------     -----------      -----------

Provision for
inventory                  $    79,000     $    67,000     $        --     $        --      $   146,000
                           -----------     -----------     -----------     -----------      -----------

Valuation allowance
for income taxes           $ 3,737,000     $        --     $        --     $(2,099,000)     $ 1,638,000
                           -----------     -----------     -----------     -----------      -----------

December 31, 1997
</TABLE>


                                      F-18
<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
