<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>arh_10k02.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 10-K
<TEXT>

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

                                    FORM 10-K

[X]  Annual report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
     Act of 1934

                 For the fiscal year ended     December 31, 2002
                                               -----------------

[ ]  Transition report pursuant to Section 13 or 15 (d) of Securities Exchange
     Act of 1934

                           Commission File No. 0-31525

                             AMERICAN RIVER HOLDINGS
             ------------------------------------------------------
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

           California                                          68-0352144
-------------------------------                         ------------------------
(State or other jurisdiction of                         (IRS Employer ID Number)
incorporation or organization)

1545 River Park Drive, Sacramento, California                            95815
---------------------------------------------                         ----------
   (Address of principal executive offices)                           (Zip code)

                                 (916) 565-6100
              ----------------------------------------------------
              (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

     Securities to be registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None

     Securities to be registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

                   Title of Class: Common Stock, no par value

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required
to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No [ ]

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation S-K (Section 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and
will not be contained, to the best of the registrant's knowledge, in definitive
proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this
Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [ ]

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an accelerated filer (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes [ ] No [X]

State the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held
by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity
was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of
the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal
quarter: $39,596,000

Number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant's classes of common
stock, as of March 13, 2003

            No par value Common Stock - 2,635,083 shares outstanding.


                       DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

The following documents are incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K: Part
III, Items 10 through 13 from Registrant's definitive proxy statement for the
2003 annual meeting of shareholders.

The Index to the Exhibits is located at Page 79                     Page 1 of 82
<PAGE>

PART I

ITEM 1.  Business

         Certain matters discussed or incorporated by reference in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K including, but not limited to, matters described in "Item 7
- Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations," are forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and
uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those
projected. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include,
but are not limited to, variances in the actual versus projected growth in
assets, return on assets, loan losses, expenses, changes in the interest rate
environment including interest rates charged on loans, earned on securities
investments and paid on deposits, competition effects, fee and other noninterest
income earned, general economic conditions, nationally, regionally and in the
operating market areas of the Company and its subsidiaries, changes in the
regulatory environment, changes in business conditions and inflation, changes in
securities markets, data processing problems, a decline in real estate values in
the Company's market area, the effects of terrorism, the threat of terrorism or
the impact of potential military conflicts and the conduct of the war on
terrorism by the United States and its allies, as well as other factors.
Therefore, the information set forth therein should be carefully considered when
evaluating the business prospects of the Company and its subsidiaries.

         American River Holdings (the "Company") is a bank holding company
registered under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended. The Company
was incorporated under the laws of the State of California in 1995. As a bank
holding company, the Company is authorized to engage in the activities permitted
under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, and regulations
thereunder. Its principal office is located at 1545 River Park Drive, Suite 107,
Sacramento, California 95815 and its telephone number is (916) 565-6100.

         The Company owns 100% of the issued and outstanding common shares of
American River Bank. American River Bank was incorporated and commenced business
in Fair Oaks, California, in 1983 and thereafter moved its headquarters office
to Sacramento, California in 1985. American River Bank accepts checking and
savings deposits, offers money market deposit accounts and certificates of
deposit, makes secured and unsecured commercial, secured real estate, and other
installment and term loans and offers other customary banking services.

         American River Bank owns 100% of two inactive companies, ARBCO and
American River Mortgage. ARBCO was formed in 1984 to conduct real estate
development and has been inactive since 1995. American River Mortgage has been
inactive since its formation in 1994. American River Bank operates four banking
offices in Placer and Sacramento Counties including the head office at 1545
River Park Drive, Suite 107, Sacramento, and branch offices at 9750 Business
Park Drive, Sacramento, 10123 Fair Oaks Boulevard, Fair Oaks and 2240 Douglas
Boulevard, Roseville. American River Bank's deposits are insured by the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation (the "FDIC") up to applicable legal limits.
American River Bank does not offer trust services or international banking
services and does not plan to do so in the near future.

         The Company also owns 100% of First Source Capital formed in July 1999
to conduct lease financing for most types of business assets, from computer
software to heavy earth-moving equipment. Specific leasing programs are tailored
for vendors of equipment in order to increase their sales. First Source Capital
acts as a lease broker and receives a fee for each lease recorded on the books
of the party acting as the funding source. Various funding sources (including
American River Bank) are utilized in connection with multiple leasing programs
made available by First Source Capital.

         The Company also owns 100% of North Coast Bank, National Association
("North Coast Bank"). North Coast Bank was incorporated and commenced business
in 1990 as Windsor Oaks National Bank in Windsor, California. In 1997, the name
was changed to North Coast Bank. North Coast Bank is headquartered in Santa
Rosa, California and operates three full service banking offices within its
primary service areas of Sonoma County, in the cities of Healdsburg, Santa Rosa
and Windsor. North Coast Bank's primary business is serving the business or
commercial banking needs of small to mid-sized businesses within Sonoma County.

         Other than holding the shares of American River Bank, North Coast Bank
(collectively "the Subsidiary Banks") and First Source Capital, the Company
conducts no significant activities. However, it is authorized, with the prior
approval of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the "Board of
Governors"), the Company's principal regulator, to engage in a variety of
activities which are deemed closely related to the business of banking.

                                        2
<PAGE>

         At December 31, 2002, the Company had consolidated assets of $343
million, deposits of $276 million and shareholders' equity of $32 million.

General

         The Company is a community oriented bank holding company headquartered
in Sacramento, California. The principal communities served are located in
Sacramento, Placer, Yolo, El Dorado, Sonoma, Napa, Marin and Mendocino counties.
The Company generates most of its revenue by providing a wide range of products
and services to small and middle-market businesses and individuals. The
Company's principal source of revenues are: (i) interest and fees on loans; (ii)
interest on investments (principally government securities); and (iii) interest
on Federal funds sold (funds loaned on a short-term basis to other banks). For
the year ended December 31, 2002, these sources comprised 82.9%, 16.7%, and
0.4%, respectively, of the Company's interest income.

         The Subsidiary Banks' deposits are not received from a single depositor
or group of affiliated depositors, the loss of any one of which would have a
materially adverse effect on the business of the Company. A material portion of
the Subsidiary Banks' deposits are not concentrated within a single industry or
group of related industries.

         As of December 31, 2002 and December 31, 2001, American River Bank held
$9,000,000 in certificates of deposit for the State of California. In connection
with these deposits, American River Bank is generally required to pledge
securities to secure such deposits, except for the first $100,000, which are
insured by the FDIC.

         American River Bank competes with approximately 32 and 24 other banking
or savings institutions in Sacramento County and Placer County, respectively.
American River Bank's market share of FDIC insured deposits in the service areas
of Sacramento County and Placer County was approximately 1.2% and 1.6%,
respectively (based upon the most recent information made available by the FDIC
through June 30, 2002). North Coast Bank competes with approximately 19 other
banking or savings institutions in its service areas. North Coast Bank's, market
share of FDIC insured deposits in the service area of Sonoma County was
approximately .7% (based upon the most recent information made available by the
FDIC through June 30, 2002).

Employees

         At December 31, 2002, the Company and its subsidiaries employed 99
persons on a full-time equivalent basis. The Company believes its employee
relations are good.

Regulation and Supervision

General

         The common stock of the Company is subject to the registration
requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the qualification
requirements of the California Corporate Securities Law of 1968, as amended. The
Company is also subject to the periodic reporting requirements of Section 13 of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which include, but are not
limited to, annual, quarterly and other current reports with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the "SEC").

         American River Bank is licensed by the California Commissioner of
Financial Institutions, its deposits are insured by the FDIC up to the
applicable legal limits, and it has chosen not to become a member of the Federal
Reserve System. Consequently, American River Bank is subject to the supervision
of, and is regularly examined by, the California Commissioner of Financial
Institutions and the FDIC. The supervision and regulation includes comprehensive
reviews of all major aspects of American River Bank's business and condition,
including its capital ratios, allowance for possible loan losses and other
factors. However, no inference should be drawn that such authorities have
approved any such factors. American River Holdings and American River Bank are
required to file reports with the Board of Governors, the California
Commissioner of Financial Institutions, and the FDIC and provide the additional
information that the Board of Governors, California Commissioner of Financial
Institutions, and FDIC may require.

         North Coast Bank is a national bank licensed under the national banking
laws of the United States. North Coast Bank is regularly examined by the Office
of the Comptroller of the Currency (the "OCC") and is subject to the supervision
of the FDIC and the OCC, and is a member of the Federal Reserve System. The
supervision and regulation includes comprehensive reviews of all major aspects
of North Coast Bank's business and condition, including its capital ratios,
allowance for possible loan losses and other factors. However, no inference
should be drawn that such authorities have approved any such factors. North
Coast Bank is required to file reports with the OCC and the FDIC. North Coast
Bank's deposits are insured by the FDIC up to the applicable legal limits.

                                        3
<PAGE>

         First Source Capital is a California corporation which conducts a lease
brokerage business as a permissible non-banking activity under the Federal
Reserve Act. First Source Capital is subject to regulatory supervision by the
Board of Governors and the California Commissioner of Corporations.

         American River Holdings is a bank holding company within the meaning of
the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the "Bank Holding Company
Act"), and is registered as such with, and subject to the supervision of, the
Board of Governors. The Company is required to obtain the approval of the Board
of Governors before it may acquire all or substantially all of the assets of any
bank, or ownership or control of the voting shares of any bank if, after giving
effect to such acquisition of shares, the Company would own or control more than
5% of the voting shares of such bank. The Bank Holding Company Act prohibits the
Company from acquiring any voting shares of, or interest in, all or
substantially all of the assets of, a bank located outside the State of
California unless such an acquisition is specifically authorized by the laws of
the state in which such bank is located. Any such interstate acquisition is also
subject to the provisions of the Riegle-Neal Interstate Banking and Branching
Efficiency Act of 1994.

         The Company, and any subsidiaries which it may acquire or organize, are
deemed to be "affiliates" within the meaning of that term as defined in the
Federal Reserve Act. This means, for example, that there are limitations (a) on
loans by the Subsidiary Banks to affiliates, and (b) on investments by the
Subsidiary Banks in affiliates' stock as collateral for loans to any borrower.
The Company and its subsidiaries are also subject to certain restrictions with
respect to engaging in the underwriting, public sale and distribution of
securities.

         In addition, regulations of the Board of Governors under the Federal
Reserve Act require that reserves be maintained by the Subsidiary Banks in
conjunction with any liability of the Company under any obligation (promissory
note, acknowledgement of advance, banker's acceptance or similar obligation)
with a weighted average maturity of less than seven (7) years to the extent that
the proceeds of such obligations are used for the purpose of supplying funds to
the Subsidiary Banks for use in its banking business, or to maintain the
availability of such funds.

Capital Standards

         The Board of Governors, the FDIC, and the OCC have adopted risk-based
capital guidelines for evaluating the capital adequacy of bank holding companies
and banks. The guidelines are designed to make capital requirements sensitive to
differences in risk profiles among banking organizations, to take into account
off-balance sheet exposures and to aid in making the definition of bank capital
uniform internationally. Under the guidelines, American River Holdings, American
River Bank, and North Coast Bank are required to maintain capital equal to at
least 8.0% of its assets and commitments to extend credit, weighted by risk, of
which at least 4.0% must consist primarily of common equity (including retained
earnings) and the remainder may consist of subordinated debt, cumulative
preferred stock, or a limited amount of loan loss reserves.

         Assets, commitments to extend credit, and off-balance sheet items are
categorized according to risk and certain assets considered to present less risk
than others permit maintenance of capital at less than the 8% ratio. For
example, most home mortgage loans are placed in a 50% risk category and
therefore require maintenance of capital equal to 4% of those loans, while
commercial loans are placed in a 100% risk category and therefore require
maintenance of capital equal to 8% of those loans.

         Under the risk-based capital guidelines, assets reported on an
institution's balance sheet and certain off-balance sheet items are assigned to
risk categories, each of which has an assigned risk weight. Capital ratios are
calculated by dividing the institution's qualifying capital by its period-end
risk-weighted assets. The guidelines establish two categories of qualifying
capital: Tier 1 capital (defined to include common shareholders' equity and
noncumulative perpetual preferred stock) and Tier 2 capital which includes,
among other items, limited life (and in the case of banks, cumulative) preferred
stock, mandatory convertible securities, subordinated debt and a limited amount
of reserve for credit losses. Tier 2 capital may also include up to 45% of the
pretax net unrealized gains on certain available-for-sale equity securities
having readily determinable fair values (i.e. the excess, if any, of fair market
value over the book value or historical cost of the investment security). The
federal regulatory agencies reserve the right to exclude all or a portion of the
unrealized gains upon a determination that the equity securities are not
prudently valued. Unrealized gains and losses on other types of assets, such as
bank premises and available-for-sale debt securities, are not included in Tier 2
capital, but may be taken into account in the evaluation of overall capital
adequacy and net unrealized losses on available-for-sale equity securities will
continue to be deducted from Tier 1 capital as a cushion against risk. Each
institution is required to maintain a minimum risk-based capital ratio
(including Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital) of 8%, of which at least half must be Tier
1 capital.

                                        4
<PAGE>

         A leverage capital standard was adopted as a supplement to the
risk-weighted capital guidelines. Under the leverage capital standard, an
institution is required to maintain a minimum ratio of Tier 1 capital to the sum
of its quarterly average total assets and quarterly average reserve for loan
losses, less intangible assets not included in Tier 1 capital. Period-end assets
may be used in place of quarterly average total assets on a case-by-case basis.
The Board of Governors and the FDIC have also adopted a minimum leverage ratio
for bank holding companies as a supplement to the risk-weighted capital
guidelines. The leverage ratio establishes a minimum Tier 1 ratio of 3% (Tier 1
capital to total assets) for the highest rated bank holding companies or those
that have implemented the risk-based capital market risk measure. All other bank
holding companies must maintain a minimum Tier 1 leverage ratio of 4% with
higher leverage capital ratios required for bank holding companies that have
significant financial and/or operational weakness, a high risk profile, or are
undergoing or anticipating rapid growth.

         At December 31, 2002, American River Holdings, American River Bank and
North Coast Bank were in compliance with the risk-weighted capital and leverage
ratio guidelines.

Prompt Corrective Action

         The Board of Governors, FDIC, and OCC have adopted regulations
implementing a system of prompt corrective action pursuant to Section 38 of the
Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Section 131 of the FDIC Improvement Act of
1991 ("FDICIA"). The regulations establish five capital categories with the
following characteristics: (1) "Well capitalized" - consisting of institutions
with a total risk-based capital ratio of 10% or greater, a Tier 1 risk-based
capital ratio of 6% or greater and a leverage ratio of 5% or greater, and the
institution is not subject to an order, written agreement, capital directive or
prompt corrective action directive; (2) "Adequately capitalized" - consisting of
institutions with a total risk-based capital ratio of 8% or greater, a Tier 1
risk-based capital ratio of 4% or greater and a leverage ratio of 4% or greater,
and the institution does not meet the definition of a "well capitalized"
institution; (3) "Undercapitalized" - consisting of institutions with a total
risk-based capital ratio less than 8%, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of less
than 4%, or a leverage ratio of less than 4%; (4) "Significantly
undercapitalized" - consisting of institutions with a total risk-based capital
ratio of less than 6%, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of less than 3%, or a
leverage ratio of less than 3%; (5) "Critically undercapitalized" - consisting
of an institution with a ratio of tangible equity to total assets that is equal
to or less than 2%.

         The regulations established procedures for classification of financial
institutions within the capital categories, filing and reviewing capital
restoration plans required under the regulations and procedures for issuance of
directives by the appropriate regulatory agency, among other matters. The
regulations impose restrictions upon all institutions to refrain from certain
actions which would cause an institution to be classified within any one of the
three "undercapitalized" categories, such as declaration of dividends or other
capital distributions or payment of management fees, if following the
distribution or payment the institution would be classified within one of the
"undercapitalized" categories. In addition, institutions which are classified in
one of the three "undercapitalized" categories are subject to certain mandatory
and discretionary supervisory actions. Mandatory supervisory actions include (1)
increased monitoring and review by the appropriate federal banking agency; (2)
implementation of a capital restoration plan; (3) total asset growth
restrictions; and (4) limitations upon acquisitions, branch expansion, and new
business activities without prior approval of the appropriate federal banking
agency. Discretionary supervisory actions may include (1) requirements to
augment capital; (2) restrictions upon affiliate transactions; (3) restrictions
upon deposit gathering activities and interest rates paid; (4) replacement of
senior executive officers and directors; (5) restrictions upon activities of the
institution and its affiliates; (6) requiring divestiture or sale of the
institution; and (7) any other supervisory action that the appropriate federal
banking agency determines is necessary to further the purposes of the
regulations. Further, the federal banking agencies may not accept a capital
restoration plan without determining, among other things, that the plan is based
on realistic assumptions and is likely to succeed in restoring the depository
institution's capital. In addition, for a capital restoration plan to be
acceptable, the depository institution's parent holding company must guarantee
that the institution will comply with such capital restoration plan. The
aggregate liability of the parent holding company under the guaranty is limited
to the lesser of (i) an amount equal to 5 percent of the depository
institution's total assets at the time it became undercapitalized, and (ii) the
amount that is necessary (or would have been necessary) to bring the institution
into compliance with all capital standards applicable with respect to such
institution as of the time it fails to comply with the plan. If a depository
institution fails to submit an acceptable plan, it is treated as if it were
"significantly undercapitalized." FDICIA also restricts the solicitation and
acceptance of and interest rates payable on brokered deposits by insured

                                        5
<PAGE>

depository institutions that are not "well capitalized." An "undercapitalized"
institution is not allowed to solicit deposits by offering rates of interest
that are significantly higher than the prevailing rates of interest on insured
deposits in the particular institution's normal market areas or in the market
areas in which such deposits would otherwise be accepted.

         Any financial institution which is classified as "critically
undercapitalized" must be placed in conservatorship or receivership within 90
days of such determination unless it is also determined that some other course
of action would better serve the purposes of the regulations. Critically
undercapitalized institutions are also prohibited from making (but not accruing)
any payment of principal or interest on subordinated debt without prior
regulatory approval and regulators must prohibit a critically undercapitalized
institution from taking certain other actions without prior approval, including
(1) entering into any material transaction other than in the usual course of
business, including investment expansion, acquisition, sale of assets or other
similar actions; (2) extending credit for any highly leveraged transaction; (3)
amending articles or bylaws unless required to do so to comply with any law,
regulation or order; (4) making any material change in accounting methods; (5)
engaging in certain affiliate transactions; (6) paying excessive compensation or
bonuses; and (7) paying interest on new or renewed liabilities at rates which
would increase the weighted average costs of funds beyond prevailing rates in
the institution's normal market areas.

Additional Regulations

         Under the FDICIA, the federal financial institution agencies have
adopted regulations which require institutions to establish and maintain
comprehensive written real estate policies which address certain lending
considerations, including loan-to-value limits, loan administrative policies,
portfolio diversification standards, and documentation, approval and reporting
requirements. The FDICIA further generally prohibits an insured state bank from
engaging as a principal in any activity that is impermissible for a national
bank, absent FDIC determination that the activity would not pose a significant
risk to the Bank Insurance Fund, and that the bank is, and will continue to be,
within applicable capital standards.

         The Federal Financial Institution Examination Counsel ("FFIEC")
utilizes the Uniform Financial Institutions Rating System ("UFIRS") commonly
referred to as "CAMELS" to classify and evaluate the soundness of financial
institutions. Bank examiners use the CAMELS measurements to evaluate capital
adequacy, asset quality, management, earnings, liquidity and sensitivity to
market risk.

         The federal financial institution agencies have established bases for
analysis and standards for assessing a financial institution's capital adequacy
in conjunction with the risk-based capital guidelines including analysis of
interest rate risk, concentrations of credit risk, risk posed by non-traditional
activities, and factors affecting overall safety and soundness. The safety and
soundness standards for insured financial institutions include analysis of (1)
internal controls, information systems and internal audit systems; (2) loan
documentation; (3) credit underwriting; (4) interest rate exposure; (5) asset
growth; (6) compensation, fees and benefits; and (7) excessive compensation for
executive officers, directors or principal shareholders which could lead to
material financial loss. If an agency determines that an institution fails to
meet any standard, the agency may require the financial institution to submit to
the agency an acceptable plan to achieve compliance with the standard. If the
agency requires submission of a compliance plan and the institution fails to
timely submit an acceptable plan or to implement an accepted plan, the agency
must require the institution to correct the deficiency. The agencies may elect
to initiate enforcement action in certain cases rather than rely on an existing
plan particularly where failure to meet one or more of the standards could
threaten the safe and sound operation of the institution.

         Community Reinvestment Act ("CRA") regulations evaluate banks' lending
to low and moderate income individuals and businesses across a four-point scale
from "outstanding" to "substantial noncompliance," and are a factor in
regulatory review of applications to merge, establish new branches or form bank
holding companies. In addition, any bank rated in "substantial noncompliance"
with the CRA regulations may be subject to enforcement proceedings. American
River Bank and North Coast Bank each have current ratings of "satisfactory" for
CRA compliance.

Limitations on Dividends

         The Company's ability to pay cash dividends is subject to restrictions
set forth in the California General Corporation Law. Funds for payment of any
cash dividends by the Company would be obtained from its investments as well as
dividends and/or management fees from its subsidiaries. The payment of cash

                                        6
<PAGE>

dividends and/or management fees by American River Bank is subject to
restrictions set forth in the California Financial Code, as well as restrictions
established by the FDIC. North Coast Bank's ability to pay cash dividends is
subject to restrictions imposed under the National Bank Act and regulations
promulgated by the OCC. See Item 5. "Market for Registrant's Common Equity and
Related Stockholder Matters" for more information regarding cash dividends.

Competition

Competitive Data

         American River Bank. At June 30, 2002, based on the most recent "Data
Book Summary of Deposits in FDIC Insured Commercial and Savings Banks" report at
that date, the competing commercial and savings banks had 145 offices in the
cities of Fair Oaks, Rancho Cordova, Roseville and Sacramento, California, where
American River Bank has its 4 offices. Additionally, American River Bank
competes with thrifts and, to a lesser extent, credit unions, finance companies
and other financial service providers for deposit and loan customers.

         Larger banks may have a competitive advantage because of higher lending
limits and major advertising and marketing campaigns. They also perform
services, such as trust services, international banking, discount brokerage and
insurance services, which American River Bank is not authorized nor prepared to
offer currently. American River Bank has made arrangements with its
correspondent banks and with others to provide some of these services for its
customers. For borrowers requiring loans in excess of American River Bank's
legal lending limits, American River Bank has offered, and intends to offer in
the future, such loans on a participating basis with its correspondent banks and
with other community banks, including North Coast Bank, retaining the portion of
such loans which is within its lending limits. As of December 31, 2002, American
River Bank's aggregate legal lending limits to a single borrower and such
borrower's related parties were $4,312,000 on an unsecured basis and $7,187,000
on a fully secured basis based on capital and reserves of $28,748,000.

         American River Bank's business is concentrated in its service area,
which primarily encompasses Sacramento County and South Western Placer County.
The economy of American River Bank's service area is dependent upon government,
manufacturing, tourism, retail sales, population growth and smaller service
oriented businesses.

         Based upon the most recent "Data Book Summary of Deposits in FDIC
Insured Commercial and Savings Banks" report dated June 30, 2002, there were 175
operating commercial and savings bank offices in Sacramento County with total
deposits of $13,399,262,000. This was an increase of $1,038,562,000 over the
June 30, 2001 balances. American River Bank held a total of $157,811,000 in
deposits, representing approximately 1.2% of total commercial and savings banks
deposits in Sacramento County as of June 30, 2002.

         Based upon the most recent "Data Book Summary of Deposits in FDIC
Insured Commercial and Savings Banks" report dated June 30, 2002, there were 83
operating commercial and savings bank offices in Placer County with total
deposits of $3,315,811,000. This was an increase of $435,511,000 over the June
30, 2001 balances. American River Bank held a total of $52,427,000 in deposits,
representing approximately 1.6% of total commercial and savings banks deposits
in Placer County as of June 30, 2002.

         In 1996, pursuant to Congressional mandate, the FDIC reduced bank
deposit insurance assessment rates to a range from $0 to $0.27 per $100 of
deposits, dependent upon a bank's risk. Based upon the risk-based assessment
rate schedule, American River Bank's current capital ratios and levels of
deposits, American River Bank anticipates no change in the assessment rate
applicable to it during 2003 from that in 2002.

         North Coast Bank. At June 30, 2002, based on the most recent "Data Book
Summary of Deposits in FDIC Insured Commercial and Savings Banks" report at that
date, the competing commercial and savings banks had 53 offices in the cities of
Healdsburg, Santa Rosa and Windsor, California, where North Coast Bank has its 3
offices. Additionally, North Coast Bank competes with thrifts and, to a lesser
extent, credit unions, finance companies and other financial service providers
for deposit and loan customers.

         North Coast Bank has also made arrangements with its correspondent
banks and with others to provide some of the services for its customers,
international banking, discount brokerage and insurance services, which North
Coast Bank is not authorized nor prepared to offer currently. For borrowers
requiring loans in excess of North Coast Bank's legal lending limits, North
Coast Bank has offered, and intends to offer in the future, such loans on a
participating basis with its correspondent banks and with other independent
banks, including American River Bank, retaining the portion of such loans which
is within its lending limits. As of December 31, 2002, North Coast Bank's

                                        7
<PAGE>

aggregate legal lending limits to a single borrower and such borrower's related
parties were $896,000 based on capital and reserves of $5,976,000. On March 13,
2002, North Coast Bank was approved by the OCC to participate in a pilot
program, whereby, North Coast Bank's lending limit would be increased to
$1,494,000 for certain 1-4 family residential real estate and loans to small
businesses on an exception basis. The aggregate amount of loans under the
exception shall not exceed 100% of North Coast Bank's regulatory capital. The
OCC defines the exception amount as that portion of a loan that is greater than
the basic lending limit of $896,000 and less than the pilot program aggregate
maximum of $1,494,000. These exceptions made under the pilot program are
monitored by North Coast Bank's Board of Directors on a monthly basis.

         North Coast Bank's business is concentrated in its service area, which
primarily encompasses Sonoma County. The economy of North Coast Bank's service
area is dependent upon government, manufacturing, agriculture, tourism, retail
sales, population growth and smaller service oriented businesses.

         Based upon the most recent "Data Book Summary of Deposits in FDIC
Insured Commercial and Savings Banks" report dated June 30, 2002, there were 111
operating commercial and savings bank offices in Sonoma County with total
deposits of $7,271,422,000. This was an increase of $296,222,000 over the June
30, 2001 balances. North Coast Bank held a total of $52,607,000 in deposits,
representing approximately .7% of total commercial and savings banks deposits in
Sonoma County as of June 30, 2002.

         Based upon the risk-based assessment rate schedule implemented by the
FDIC in 1996, North Coast Bank's current capital ratios and levels of deposits,
North Coast Bank anticipates no change in the assessment rate applicable to it
during 2003 from that in 2002.

General Competitive Factors

         In order to compete with the major financial institutions in their
primary service areas, American River Bank and North Coast Bank use to the
fullest extent possible the flexibility which is accorded by their community
banks status. This includes an emphasis on specialized services, local
promotional activity, and personal contacts by their respective officers,
directors and employees. They also seek to provide special services and programs
for individuals in their primary service area who are employed in the
agricultural, professional and business fields, such as loans for equipment,
furniture, tools of the trade or expansion of practices or businesses. In the
event there are customers whose loan demands exceed their respective lending
limits, they seek to arrange for such loans on a participation basis with other
financial institutions. They also assist those customers requiring services not
offered by either bank to obtain such services from correspondent banks.

         Commercial banks compete with savings and loan associations, credit
unions, other financial institutions and other entities for funds. For instance,
yields on corporate and government debt securities and other commercial paper
affect the ability of commercial banks to attract and hold deposits. Commercial
banks also compete for loans with savings and loan associations, credit unions,
consumer finance companies, mortgage companies and other lending institutions.

         Banking is a business that depends on interest rate differentials. In
general, the difference between the interest rate paid by a bank to obtain their
deposits and other borrowings and the interest rate received by a bank on loans
extended to customers and on securities held in a bank's portfolio comprise the
major portion of a bank's earnings.

         The interest rate differentials of a bank, and therefore their
earnings, are affected not only by general economic conditions, both domestic
and foreign, but also by the monetary and fiscal policies of the United States
as set by statutes and as implemented by federal agencies, particularly the
Federal Reserve Board. The Federal Reserve Board can and does implement national
monetary policy, such as seeking to curb inflation and combat recession, by its
open market operations in United States government securities, adjustments in
the amount of interest free reserves that banks and other financial institutions
are required to maintain, and adjustments to the discount rates applicable to
borrowing by banks from the Federal Reserve Board. These activities influence
the growth of bank loans, investments and deposits and also affect interest
rates charged on loans and paid on deposits. The nature and timing of any future
changes in monetary policies and their impact on American River Bank and North
Coast Bank are not predictable.

                                        8
<PAGE>

Impact of Legislative and Regulatory Proposals

         Since 1996, California law implementing certain provisions of prior
federal law has (1) permitted interstate merger transactions; (2) prohibited
interstate branching through the acquisition of a branch business unit located
in California without acquisition of the whole business unit of the California
bank; and (3) prohibited interstate branching through de novo establishment of
California branch offices. Initial entry into California by an out-of-state
institution must be accomplished by acquisition of or merger with an existing
whole bank which has been in existence for at least five years.

         The federal financial institution agencies, especially the OCC and the
Board of Governors, have taken steps to increase the types of activities in
which national banks and bank holding companies can engage, and to make it
easier to engage in such activities. The OCC has issued regulations permitting
national banks to engage in a wider range of activities through subsidiaries.
"Eligible institutions" (those national banks that are well capitalized, have a
high overall rating and a satisfactory CRA rating, and are not subject to an
enforcement order) may engage in activities related to banking through operating
subsidiaries subject to an expedited application process. In addition, a
national bank may apply to the OCC to engage in an activity through a subsidiary
in which American River Bank itself may not engage.

         In 1999, the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (the "GLB Act") was signed into
law. The GLB Act eliminates most of the remaining depression-era "firewalls"
between banks, securities firms and insurance companies which was established by
The Banking Act of 1933, also known as the Glass-Steagall Act
("Glass-Steagall"). Glass-Steagall sought to insulate banks as depository
institutions from the perceived risks of securities dealing and underwriting,
and related activities. The GLB Act repeals Section 20 of Glass-Steagall which
prohibited banks from affiliating with securities firms. Bank holding companies
that can qualify as "financial holding companies" can now acquire securities
firms or create them as subsidiaries, and securities firms can now acquire banks
or start banking activities through a financial holding company. The GLB Act
includes provisions which permit national banks to conduct financial activities
through a subsidiary that are permissible for a national bank to engage in
directly, as well as certain activities authorized by statute, or that are
financial in nature or incidental to financial activities to the same extent as
permitted to a "financial holding company" or its affiliates. This
liberalization of United States banking and financial services regulation
applies both to domestic institutions and foreign institutions conducting
business in the United States. Consequently, the common ownership of banks,
securities firms and insurance firms is now possible, as is the conduct of
commercial banking, merchant banking, investment management, securities
underwriting and insurance within a single financial institution using a
"financial holding company" structure authorized by the GLB Act.

         Prior to the GLB Act, significant restrictions existed on the
affiliation of banks with securities firms and on the direct conduct by banks of
securities dealing and underwriting and related securities activities. Banks
were also (with minor exceptions) prohibited from engaging in insurance
activities or affiliating with insurers. The GLB Act removes these restrictions
and substantially eliminates the prohibitions under the Bank Holding Company Act
on affiliations between banks and insurance companies. Bank holding companies
which qualify as financial holding companies can now insure, guarantee, or
indemnify against loss, harm, damage, illness, disability, or death; issue
annuities; and act as a principal, agent, or broker regarding such insurance
services.

         In order for a commercial bank to affiliate with a securities firm or
an insurance company pursuant to the GLB Act, its bank holding company must
qualify as a financial holding company. A bank holding company will qualify if
(i) its banking subsidiaries are "well capitalized" and "well managed" and (ii)
it files with the Board of Governors a certification to such effect and a
declaration that it elects to become a financial holding company. The amendment
of the Bank Holding Company Act now permits financial holding companies to
engage in activities, and acquire companies engaged in activities, that are
financial in nature or incidental to such financial activities. Financial
holding companies are also permitted to engage in activities that are
complementary to financial activities if the Board of Governors determines that
the activity does not pose a substantial risk to the safety or soundness of
depository institutions or the financial system in general. These standards
expand upon the list of activities "closely related to banking" which have to
date defined the permissible activities of bank holding companies under the Bank
Holding Company Act.

         One further effect of the GLB Act is to require that federal financial
institution and securities regulatory agencies prescribe regulations to
implement the policy that financial institutions must respect the privacy of
their customers and protect the security and confidentiality of customers'
non-public personal information. These regulations require, in general, that

                                        9
<PAGE>

financial institutions (1) may not disclose non-public personal information of
customers to non-affiliated third parties without notice to their customers, who
must have the opportunity to direct that such information not be disclosed; (2)
may not disclose customer account numbers except to consumer reporting agencies;
and (3) must give prior disclosure of their privacy policies before establishing
new customer relationships.

         Neither American River Holdings, American River Bank nor North Coast
Bank have determined whether or when they may seek to acquire and exercise
powers or activities under the GLB Act, and the extent to which competition will
change among financial institutions affected by the GLB Act has not yet become
clear.

         On October 26, 2001, President Bush signed the USA Patriot Act (the
"Patriot Act"), which includes provisions pertaining to domestic security,
surveillance procedures, border protection, and terrorism laws to be
administered by the Secretary of the Treasury. Title III of the Patriot Act
entitled, "International Money Laundering Abatement and Anti-Terrorist Financing
Act of 2001" includes amendments to the Bank Secrecy Act which expand the
responsibilities of financial institutions in regard to anti-money laundering
activities with particular emphasis upon international money laundering and
terrorism financing activities through designated correspondent and private
banking accounts.

         Effective December 25, 2001, Section 313(a) of the Patriot Act
prohibits any insured financial institution such as the Subsidiary Banks, from
providing correspondent accounts to foreign banks which do not have a physical
presence in any country (designated as "shell banks"), subject to certain
exceptions for regulated affiliates of foreign banks. Section 313(a) also
requires financial institutions to take reasonable steps to ensure that foreign
bank correspondent accounts are not being used to indirectly provide banking
services to foreign shell banks, and Section 319(b) requires financial
institutions to maintain records of the owners and agent for service of process
of any such foreign banks with whom correspondent accounts have been
established.

         Effective July 23, 2002, Section 312 of the Patriot Act created a
requirement for special due diligence for correspondent accounts and private
banking accounts. Under Section 312, each financial institution that
establishes, maintains, administers, or manages a private banking account or a
correspondent account in the United States for a non-United States person,
including a foreign individual visiting the United States, or a representative
of a non-United States person shall establish appropriate, specific, and, where
necessary, enhanced, due diligence policies, procedures, and controls that are
reasonably designed to detect and record instances of money laundering through
those accounts.

         The Company and the Subsidiary Banks are not currently aware of any
account relationships between the Subsidiary Banks and any foreign bank or other
person or entity as described above under Sections 313(a) or 312 of the Patriot
Act. The terrorist attacks on September 11, 2001 have realigned national
security priorities of the United States and it is reasonable to anticipate that
the United States Congress may enact additional legislation in the future to
combat terrorism including modifications to existing laws such as the Patriot
Act to expand powers as deemed necessary. The effects which the Patriot Act and
any additional legislation enacted by Congress may have upon financial
institutions is uncertain; however, such legislation could increase compliance
costs and thereby potentially may have an adverse effect upon the Company's
results of operations.

         Certain legislative and regulatory proposals that could affect American
River Holdings, American River Bank, North Coast Bank and the banking business
in general are periodically introduced before the United States Congress, the
California State Legislature and Federal and state government agencies. It is
not known to what extent, if any, legislative proposals will be enacted and what
effect such legislation would have on the structure, regulation and competitive
relationships of financial institutions. It is likely, however, that such
legislation could subject American River Holdings, American River Bank and North
Coast Bank to increased regulation, disclosure and reporting requirements,
competition, and costs of doing business.

         On July 30, 2002, President George W. Bush signed into law the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the "Act") which responds to recent issues in
corporate governance and accountability. Among other matters, key provisions of
the Act and rules promulgated by the SEC pursuant to the Act include the
following:

      o  Expanded oversight of the accounting profession by creating a new
         independent public company oversight board to be monitored by the SEC.
      o  Revised rules on auditor independence to restrict the nature of
         non-audit services provided to audit clients and to require such
         services to be pre-approved by the audit committee.

                                       10
<PAGE>

      o  Improved corporate responsibility through mandatory listing standards
         relating to audit committees, certifications of periodic reports by the
         CEO and CFO and making issuer interference with an audit a crime.
      o  Enhanced financial disclosures, including periodic reviews for largest
         issuers and real time disclosure of material company information.
      o  Enhanced criminal penalties for a broad array of white collar crimes
         and increases in the statute of limitations for securities fraud
         lawsuits.
      o  Disclosure of whether a company has adopted a code of ethics that
         applies to the company's principal executive officer, principal
         financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or
         persons performing similar functions, and disclosure of any amendments
         or waivers to such code of ethics. The disclosure obligation becomes
         effective for fiscal years ending on or after July 15, 2003. The ethics
         code must contain written standards that are reasonably designed to
         deter wrongdoing and to promote:

               o  Honest and ethical conduct, including the ethical handling of
                  actual or apparent conflicts of interest between personal and
                  professional relationships;
               o  Full, fair, accurate, timely, and understandable disclosure in
                  reports and documents that a registrant files with, or submits
                  to, the Securities and Exchange Commission and in other public
                  communications made by the registrant;
               o  Compliance with applicable governmental laws, rules and
                  regulations;
               o  The prompt internal reporting to an appropriate person or
                  persons identified in the code of violations of the code; and
               o  Accountability for adherence to the code.

      o  Disclosure of whether a company's audit committee of its board of
         directors has a member of the audit committee who qualifies as an
         "audit committee financial expert." The disclosure obligation becomes
         effective for fiscal years ending on or after July 15, 2003. To qualify
         as an "audit committee financial expert," a person must have:

               o  An understanding of generally accepted accounting principles
                  and financial statements;
               o  The ability to assess the general application of such
                  principles in connection with the accounting for estimates,
                  accruals and reserves;
               o  Experience preparing, auditing, analyzing or evaluating
                  financial statements that present a breadth and level of
                  complexity of accounting issues that are generally comparable
                  to the breadth and complexity of issues that can reasonably be
                  expected to be raised by the registrant's financial
                  statements, or experience actively supervising one or more
                  persons engaged in such activities;
               o  An understanding of internal controls and procedures for
                  financial reporting; and
               o  An understanding of audit committee functions.

                  A person must have acquired the above listed attributes to be
         deemed to qualify as an "audit committee financial expert" through any
         one or more of the following:

               o  Education and experience as a principal financial officer,
                  principal accounting officer, controller, public accountant or
                  auditor or experience in one or more positions that involve
                  the performance of similar functions;
               o  Experience actively supervising a principal financial officer,
                  principal accounting officer, controller, public accountant,
                  auditor or person performing similar functions;
               o  Experience overseeing or assessing the performance of
                  companies or public accountants with respect to the
                  preparation, auditing or evaluation of financial statements;
                  or
               o  Other relevant experience.

                  The rule contains a specific safe harbor provision to clarify
         that the designation of a person as an "audit committee financial
         expert" does not cause that person to be deemed to be an "expert" for
         any purpose under Section 11 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
         or impose on such person any duties, obligations or liability greater
         that the duties, obligations and liability imposed on such person as a
         member of the audit committee and the board of directors, absent such
         designation. Such a designation also does not affect the duties,
         obligations or liability of any other member of the audit committee or
         board of directors.

      o  A prohibition on insider trading during pension plan black-out periods.

                                       11
<PAGE>

      o  Disclosure of off-balance sheet transactions.
      o  A prohibition on personal loans to directors and officers.
      o  Conditions on the use of non-GAAP (generally accepted accounting
         principles) financial measures.
      o  Standards on professional conduct for attorneys requiring attorneys
         having an attorney-client relationship with a company, among other
         matters, to report "up the ladder" to the audit committee, another
         board committee or the entire board of directors certain material
         violations.
      o  Expedited filing requirements for Form 4 reports of changes in
         beneficial ownership of securities reducing the filing deadline to
         within 2 business days of the date a transaction triggers an obligation
         to report.
      o  Accelerated filing requirements for Forms 10-K and 10-Q by public
         companies which qualify as "accelerated filers" to be phased-in over a
         four year period reducing the filing deadline for Form 10-K reports
         from 90 days after the fiscal year end to 60 days and Form 10-Q reports
         from 45 days after the fiscal quarter end to 35 days.
      o  Disclosure concerning website access to reports on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and
         8-K, and any amendments to those reports, by "accelerated filers" as
         soon as reasonably practicable after such reports and material are
         filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission.
      o  Proposed rules requiring national securities exchanges and national
         securities associations to prohibit the listing of any security whose
         issuer does not meet audit committee standards established pursuant to
         the Act. These proposed rules would establish audit committee:

               o  Independence standards for members;
               o  Responsibility for selecting and overseeing the issuer's
                  independent accountant;
               o  Responsibility for handling complaints regarding the issuer's
                  accounting practices;
               o  Authority to engage advisers; and
               o  Funding requirements for the independent auditor and outside
                  advisers engaged by the audit committee.

                  The proposed audit committee rules provide a one-year phase-in
         period for compliance. The Securities and Exchange Commission must
         adopt final rules by April 26, 2003.

         The effect of the Act upon the Company is uncertain; however, it is
likely that the Company will incur increased costs to comply with the Act and
the rules and regulations promulgated pursuant to the Act by the Securities and
Exchange Commission and other regulatory agencies having jurisdiction over the
Company. The Company does not currently anticipate, however, that compliance
with the Act and such rules and regulations will have a material adverse effect
upon its financial position or results of its operations or its cash flows.

         On September 28, 2002, California Governor Gray Davis signed into law
the California Corporate Disclosure Act (the "CCD Act"), which became effective
January 1, 2003. The CCD Act requires publicly traded corporations incorporated
or qualified to do business in California to disclose information about their
past history, auditors, directors and officers. The CCD Act requires the Company
to disclose:

      o  The name of the a company's independent auditor and a description of
         services, if any, performed for the company during the previous 24
         months;
      o  The annual compensation paid to each director and executive officer,
         including stock or stock options not otherwise available to other
         company employees;
      o  A description of any loans made to a director at a "preferential" loan
         rate during the previous 24 months, including the amount and terms of
         the loans;
      o  Whether any bankruptcy was filed by a company or any of its directors
         or executive officers within the previous 10 years;
      o  Whether any director or executive officer of a company has been
         convicted of fraud during the previous 10 years; and
      o  Whether a company violated any federal securities laws or any
         securities or banking provisions of California law during the previous
         10 years for which the company was found liable or fined more than
         $10,000.

         The Company does not currently anticipate that compliance with the CCD
Act will have a material adverse effect upon its financial position or results
of its operations or its cash flows.

                                       12
<PAGE>

         In addition to legislative changes, the various Federal and state
financial institution regulatory agencies frequently propose rules and
regulations to implement and enforce already existing legislation. It cannot be
predicted whether or in what form any such rules or regulations will be enacted
or the effect that such regulations may have on American River Holdings,
American River Bank and North Coast Bank.

ITEM 2.  Properties

         The Company and its subsidiaries lease seven and own one of their
respective premises. American River Bank's head office is located at 1545 River
Park Drive, Suite 107, Sacramento, California, in a modern, five floor building
which has offstreet parking for its clients. American River Bank leases premises
in the building from EOP-Point West, L.L.C. The lease term is ten years and
expires on March 31, 2010. The premises consist of 9,498 square feet on the
ground floor.

         American River Bank leases premises at 9750 Business Park Drive,
Sacramento, California. The office space is leased from Bradshaw Plaza Group,
which is owned in part by Charles D. Fite, a director of the Company. The lease
term is seven years and expires on November 30, 2006. The premises consist of
4,590 square feet on the ground floor.

         American River Bank leases premises at 10123 Fair Oaks Boulevard, Fair
Oaks, California. The office space is leased from Marjorie Taylor, a director of
the Company. The lease term is 12 years and expires on March 1, 2009. The
premises consist of 2,380 square feet on the ground floor.

         American River Bank leases premises at 2240 Douglas Boulevard,
Roseville, California. The office space is leased from Twin Tree Land Company.
The lease term is 10 years and expires on December 18, 2006. The premises
consist of 3,790 square feet on the ground floor.

         The Company leases premises (used by First Source Capital) at 1540
River Park Drive, Suite 106, Sacramento California. The office space is leased
from Union Bank of California N.A., as Trustee for Agnes M. Bourn and William B.
Bourn. The one-year lease term expired on February 15, 2003. Management has
negotiated a one-year extension of similar terms and is waiting for final
approval from its landlord. The premises consist of 847 square feet on the
ground floor.

         North Coast Bank leases premises at 8733 Lakewood Drive, Windsor,
California. The office space is leased from R. and R. Partners. The ten-year
lease expired on February 1, 2003. Management has negotiated a two-year
extension for approximately 2,012 square feet on the first floor at a rate of
$1.40 per square foot and is waiting for final approval from its landlord.

         North Coast Bank owns premises at 412 Center Street, Healdsburg,
California. The premises were purchased June 1, 1993. The purchase price for the
land and building was $343,849. The building is 2,620 square feet sitting on
10,835 square feet of land.

         North Coast Bank leases premises at 50 Santa Rosa Avenue, Santa Rosa,
California. The office space is leased from HSG Trust. The lease term is ten
(10) years and expires on October 31, 2008. The premises consist of 7,072 square
feet on the ground floor.

         The leases on the premises located at 1545 River Park Drive, 9750
Business Park Drive, 2240 Douglas Boulevard and 50 Santa Rosa Avenue contain
options to extend for five years. Included in the above are two facilities
leased from directors of the Company at terms and conditions which management
believes are consistent with the commercial lease market.

         The foregoing summary descriptions of leased premises are qualified in
their entirety by reference to the lease agreements listed as exhibits to this
report.

ITEM 3.  Legal Proceedings

         There are no material legal proceedings adverse to the Company and its
subsidiaries to which any director, officer, affiliate of the Company, or 5%
shareholder of the Company or its subsidiaries, or any associate of any such
director, officer, affiliate or 5% shareholder of the Company or its
subsidiaries are a party, and none of the above persons has a material interest
adverse to the Company or its subsidiaries.

                                       13
<PAGE>

         From time to time, the Company and/or its subsidiaries is a party to
claims and legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. The
Company's management is not aware of any material pending legal proceedings to
which either it or its subsidiaries may be a party or has recently been a party,
which will have a material adverse effect on the financial condition or results
of operations of the Company or its subsidiaries, taken as a whole.

ITEM 4.  Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders

         There were no matters submitted to a vote of the shareholders during
the fourth quarter of 2002.


PART II

ITEM 5.  Market for Registrant's Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters

         The Company's common stock began trading on the NASDAQ National Stock
Market ("NASDAQ") under the symbol "AMRB" on October 26, 2000. Prior to October
26, 2000, the common stock was not listed on any exchange and was quoted on the
OTC Bulletin Board under the symbol "AMRB.OB." The following table shows the
high and the low prices for the common stock, for each quarter, as reported by
NASDAQ. The prices have been adjusted to reflect the 5% stock dividends
distributed in 2001 and 2002.

==============================================
     2002                High             Low
----------------------------------------------
First quarter           $18.33          $14.95
Second quarter           20.22           17.81
Third quarter            20.17           17.38
Fourth quarter           23.83           16.75


     2001
----------------------------------------------
First quarter           $14.51          $12.81
Second quarter           15.19           13.33
Third quarter            17.69           11.56
Fourth quarter           15.90           13.23
==============================================

         As of March 5, 2003, there were approximately 1,304 shareholders of
record of the Company's common stock.

         The Company has paid cash dividends on its common stock twice a year
since 1992, and it is currently the intention of the Board of Directors of the
Company to continue payment of cash dividends on a twice a year basis. In 2002
and 2001, the Company declared cash dividends in the amount of $.35 and $.26 per
common share. There is no assurance, however, that any dividends will be paid
since they are subject to regulatory restrictions, and dependent upon earnings,
financial condition and capital requirements of the Company and its
subsidiaries.

         The California General Corporation Law (the "Corporation Law") provides
that a corporation may make a distribution to its shareholders if the
corporation's retained earnings equal at least the amount of the proposed
distribution. The Corporation Law further provides that, in the event that
sufficient retained earnings are not available for the proposed distribution, a
corporation may nevertheless make a distribution to its shareholders if it meets
two conditions, which generally stated are as follows: (1) the corporation's
assets equal at least 1-1/4 times its liabilities; and (2) the corporation's
current assets equal at least its current liabilities or, if the average of the
corporation's earnings before taxes on income and before interest expenses for
the two preceding fiscal years was less than the average of the corporation's
interest expenses for such fiscal years, then the corporation's current assets
must equal at least 1-1/4 times its current liabilities.

         The Board of Governors generally prohibits a bank holding company from
declaring or paying a cash dividend which would impose undue pressure on the
capital of subsidiary banks or would be funded only through borrowing or other
arrangements that might adversely affect a bank holding company's financial
position. The Board of Governors' policy is that a bank holding company should
not continue its existing rate of cash dividends on its common stock unless its

                                       14
<PAGE>

net income is sufficient to fully fund each dividend and its prospective rate of
earnings retention appears consistent with its capital needs, asset quality and
overall financial condition.

         The payment of cash dividends by American River Bank is subject to
restrictions set forth in the California Financial Code (the "Financial Code").
The Financial Code provides that a bank may not make a cash distribution to its
shareholders in excess of the lesser of (a) the bank's retained earnings; or (b)
the bank's net income for its last three fiscal years, less the amount of any
distributions made by the bank or by any majority-owned subsidiary of the bank
to the shareholders of the bank during such period. However, a bank may, with
the approval of the Commissioner, make a distribution to its shareholders in an
amount not exceeding the greater of (a) its retained earnings; (b) its net
income for its last fiscal year; or (c) its net income for its current fiscal
year. In the event that the Commissioner determines that the shareholders'
equity of a bank is inadequate or that the making of a distribution by the bank
would be unsafe or unsound, the Commissioner may order the bank to refrain from
making a proposed distribution.

         The payment of cash dividends by North Coast Bank may be subject to the
approval of the OCC, as well as restrictions established by federal banking law,
the FDIC or Board of Governors. Approval of the OCC is required if the total of
all dividends declared by North Coast Bank's board of directors in any calendar
year will exceed North Coast Bank's net profits for that year combined with its
retained net profits for the preceding two years, less any required transfers to
surplus or to a fund for the retirement of preferred stock.

         The FDIC may also restrict the payment of dividends by a subsidiary
bank if such payment would be deemed unsafe or unsound or if after the payment
of such dividends, the bank would be included in one of the "undercapitalized"
categories for capital adequacy purposes pursuant to the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991.

         As of December 31, 2002, the Subsidiary Banks had $10.0 million in
retained earnings available for dividend payments to the Company, which in turn
could be paid out to shareholders of the Company.

                                       15
<PAGE>

ITEM 6.  Selected Financial Data

FINANCIAL SUMMARY

         The following table presents certain consolidated financial information
concerning the business of the Company and its subsidiaries. This information
should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements, the
notes thereto, and Management's Discussion and Analysis included in this report.

As of and for the Years Ended December 31,
(In thousands, except per share amounts and ratios)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                               2002        2001        2000        1999        1998
STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS DATA

<S>                                          <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>
Net interest income                          $ 15,073    $ 14,577    $ 13,585    $ 11,754    $ 10,743
Provision for loan and lease losses               644         791         672         582         509
Other income                                    2,323       2,365       2,183       1,647       1,433
Other expenses                                  9,389       9,502       9,329       7,770       7,143
Income before income taxes                      7,363       6,649       5,767       5,049       4,524
Income taxes                                    2,904       2,612       2,221       1,921       1,673
Net income                                   $  4,459    $  4,037    $  3,546    $  3,128    $  2,851
Earnings per share - basic                   $   1.69    $   1.52    $   1.35    $   1.19    $   1.08
Earnings per share - diluted                     1.57        1.43        1.29        1.13        1.01
Cash dividends per share                         0.35        0.26        0.23        0.20        0.17
Book value per share                            12.08       10.56        9.25        8.28        7.63

BALANCE SHEET DATA:

Balance sheet totals-end of period:
   Assets                                    $342,563    $286,559    $284,126    $248,540    $220,001
   Loans and leases, net                      229,008     195,026     200,658     157,044     143,132
   Deposits                                   275,796     254,888     239,312     223,077     197,104
   Shareholders' equity                        31,726      27,942      24,413      20,611      19,168
Average balance sheet amounts:
   Assets                                    $309,574    $279,049    $259,315    $224,960    $201,958
   Loans and leases                           209,133     202,624     175,134     148,369     133,381
   Earning assets                             280,623     255,904     238,837     207,388     187,071
   Deposits                                   263,323     246,960     230,822     201,180     180,288
   Shareholders' equity                        29,509      26,316      22,258      19,916      18,434

SELECTED RATIOS:

For the year:
   Return on average equity                     15.11%      15.34%      15.93%      15.71%      15.47%
   Return on average assets                      1.44%       1.45%       1.37%       1.39%       1.41%
   Efficiency ratio *                           53.47%      55.57%      58.59%      57.48%      58.28%
   Net interest margin *                         5.43%       5.76%       5.75%       5.72%       5.79%
   Net chargeoffs to average loans &             0.03%       0.31%       0.14%       0.14%       0.26%
     leases
At December 31:
   Average equity to average assets              9.53%       9.43%       8.58%       8.85%       9.13%
   Leverage capital ratio                        9.83%       9.75%       9.28%       9.23%       9.31%
   Allowance for loan and leases losses to       1.38%       1.32%       1.21%       1.30%       1.17%
     total loans and leases

* fully taxable equivalent
</TABLE>

                                       16
<PAGE>

ITEM 7.  MANGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS

         The following is American River Holdings management's discussion and
analysis of the significant changes in income and expense accounts for the years
ended December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000.

Introduction

         In addition to the historical information contained herein, this Annual
Report contains certain forward-looking statements. The reader of this Annual
Report should understand that all such forward-looking statements are subject to
various uncertainties and risks that could affect their outcome. The Company's
actual results could differ materially from those suggested by such
forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such
differences include, but are not limited to, variances in the actual versus
projected growth in assets, return on assets, loan losses, expenses, changes in
the interest rate environment including interest rates charged on loans, earned
on securities investments and paid on deposits, competition effects, fee and
other noninterest income earned, general economic conditions, nationally,
regionally and in the operating market areas of the Company and its
subsidiaries, changes in the regulatory environment, changes in business
conditions and inflation, changes in securities markets, data processing
problems, a decline in real estate values in the Company's market area, the
effects of terrorism, the threat of terrorism or the impact of potential
military conflicts and the conduct of the war on terrorism by the United States
and its allies, as well as other factors. This entire Report and the Company's
audited financial statements and notes thereto should be read to put such
forward-looking statements in context and to gain a more complete understanding
of the uncertainties and risks involved in the Company's business.

Overview

         The Company recorded its 76th consecutive profitable quarter for the
quarter ended December 31, 2002. Net income in 2002 increased 10.5% to
$4,459,000 versus $4,037,000 in 2001. Diluted earnings per share for the two
years were $1.57 and $1.43, respectively. For 2002, the Company realized a
return on average equity of 15.1% and a return on average assets of 1.44%, as
compared to 15.3% and 1.45% for 2001. The net income for 2001 was $481,000
(13.8%) higher than the $3,546,000 recorded in 2000. Diluted earnings per share
in 2000 were $1.29, return on average assets was 1.37% and return on average
equity was 15.9%. The earnings per share for 2002, 2001 and 2000 have been
adjusted for 5 percent stock dividends distributed on October 18, 2002, October
19, 2001 and December 19, 2000.

         Table One below provides a summary of the components of net income for
the years indicated:

Table One: Components of Net Income
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

         For the twelve months ended:

(In thousands, except percentages)      2002            2001            2000
                                     ---------       ---------       ---------

Net interest income*                 $  15,235       $  14,733       $  13,739
Provision for loan losses                 (644)           (791)           (672)
Noninterest income                       2,323           2,365           2,183
Noninterest expense                     (9,389)         (9,502)         (9,329)
Provision for income taxes              (2,904)         (2,612)         (2,221)
Tax equivalent adjustment                 (162)           (156)           (154)
                                     ---------       ---------       ---------

Net income                           $   4,459       $   4,037       $   3,546
                                     =========       =========       =========

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Average total assets                 $ 309,574       $ 279,049       $ 259,315
Net income as a percentage
  of average total assets                 1.44%           1.45%           1.37%

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

* Fully taxable equivalent basis (FTE)

During 2002, total assets of the Company increased $56,004,000 (19.5%) to a
total of $342,563,000 at year-end. At December 31, 2002, net loans totaled
$229,008,000, up $33,982,000 (17.4%) from the ending balances on December 31,

                                       17
<PAGE>

2001. Deposit growth for the year was 8.2% resulting in ending deposit balances
of $275,796,000. The Company ended 2002 with a Tier 1 capital ratio of 11.8% and
a total risk-based capital ratio of 13.0%.


Results of Operations

Net Interest Income and Net Interest Margin

         Net interest income represents the excess of interest and fees earned
on interest earning assets (loans, securities, federal funds sold and
investments in time deposits) over the interest paid on deposits and borrowed
funds. Net interest margin is net interest income expressed as a percentage of
average earning assets.

         The Company's fully taxable equivalent net interest margin was 5.76% in
2001, and 5.43% in 2002. The fully taxable equivalent net interest margin in
dollars was up $502,000 (3.4%) in 2002 over 2001.

         The fully taxable equivalent interest income component decreased from
$20,999,000 in 2001 to $18,747,000 in 2002, representing a 10.7% decrease. The
decrease in the fully taxable equivalent interest income for 2002 compared to
the same period in 2001 is broken down by rate (down $3,955,000) and volume (up
$1,703,000). The rate decrease can be attributed to decreases implemented by the
Company during 2001 and 2002 in response to Federal Reserve Board (the "FRB")
decreases in the Federal funds and Discount rates. During the two years there
were twelve such rate decreases by the FRB resulting in a 525 basis point drop
in the prime rate, which contributed to the drop in the yield in average earning
assets from 8.21% for 2001 to 6.68% for 2002. The volume increase was the result
of a 9.7% increase in average earning assets. Average loan balances were up
$6,509,000 (3.2%) in 2002 over the balances in 2001, while average investment
securities balances were up $19,449,000 (41.8%). The increase in investment
securities is primarily due to a change in investment strategy whereby the
Company has invested its excess funds in investment securities rather than
Federal funds sold and the adoption of an investment strategy that allowed the
Company to take advantage of a relatively steep yield curve, to utilize excess
capital and to reduce exposure to further declines in intermediate term interest
rates by purchasing mortgage-backed securities with average lives of 3 to 5
years and funding them with wholesale Federal Home Loan Bank (the "FHLB")
advances that mature in one year or less (for further information see the
"Market Risk Management" section of this report).

         The fully taxable equivalent interest income component decreased from
$21,381,000 in 2000 to $20,999,000 in 2001, representing a 1.8% decrease. The
decrease in the fully taxable equivalent interest income for 2001 compared to
the same period in 2000 is broken down by rate (down $2,434,000) and volume (up
$2,052,000). The rate decrease can be attributed to decreases implemented by the
Company during 2001 in response to the FRB decreases in the Federal funds and
Discount rates. During the year, there were eleven such rate decreases by the
FRB resulting in a 475 basis point drop in the prime rate, which contributed to
the drop in the yield in average earning assets from 8.95% for 2000 to 8.21% for
2001. The volume increase was the result of a 7.1% increase in average earning
assets. Average loan balances were up $27,490,000 (15.7%) in 2001 over the
balances in 2000, while average investment securities balances were down
$10,995,000 (21.2%). The shift in assets from investment securities to the
higher yielding loans helped to lessen the effect of the above-mentioned sharp
decrease in rates during 2001.

         Interest expense decreased $2,754,000 (44.0%) in 2002 compared to 2001.
The average balances on interest bearing liabilities were $14,936,000 (8.0%)
higher in 2002 versus 2001. The higher balances accounted for a $556,000
increase in interest expense. The higher balances were due to internal growth of
average deposits ($4,570,000) and an increase in other borrowings ($10,366,000).
The decrease in rates paid on interest bearing liabilities more than offset the
increased expense due to the volume growth as the average rate paid decreased
161 basis points on a year over year basis and accounted for a decrease in
interest expense of $3,310,000 for the period.

         Interest expense decreased $1,376,000 (18.0%) in 2001 compared to 2000.
The average balances on interest bearing liabilities were $10,864,000 (6.2%)
higher in 2001 versus 2000. The higher balances accounted for a $495,000
increase in interest expense. The higher balances were due to internal growth of
average deposits ($11,924,000) with a slight decrease in other borrowings
($1,060,000). The decrease in rates paid on interest bearing liabilities more
than offset the increased expense due to the volume growth as the average rate
paid decreased 99 basis points on a year over year basis and accounted for a
decrease in interest expense of $1,871,000 for the period.

                                       18
<PAGE>

         Table Two, Analysis of Net Interest Margin on Earning Assets, and Table
Three, Analysis of Volume and Rate Changes on Net Interest Income and Expenses,
are provided to enable the reader to understand the components and past trends
of the Company's interest income and expenses. Table Two provides an analysis of
net interest margin on earning assets setting forth average assets, liabilities
and shareholders' equity; interest income earned and interest expense paid and
average rates earned and paid; and the net interest margin on earning assets.
Table Three sets forth a summary of the changes in interest income and interest
expense from changes in average asset and liability balances (volume) and
changes in average interest rates.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Table Two: Analysis of Net Interest Margin on Earning Assets
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Year Ended December 31,                        2002                              2001                             2000
                                  ------------------------------    ------------------------------   ------------------------------

(Taxable Equivalent Basis)          Avg                   Avg         Avg                   Avg        Avg                   Avg
(In thousands, except             Balance    Interest    Yield      Balance    Interest    Yield     Balance    Interest    Yield
  percentages)                    --------   --------   --------    --------   --------   --------   --------   --------   --------

<S>                               <C>        <C>            <C>     <C>        <C>           <C>     <C>        <C>            <C>
Assets:
Earning assets
  Loans (1)                       $209,133   $ 15,400       7.36%   $202,624   $ 17,883       8.83%  $175,134   $ 17,294       9.87%
  Taxable investment
    securities                      49,875      2,359       4.73%     30,511      1,871       6.13%    41,763      2,643       6.33%
  Tax-exempt investment
    securities (2)                   9,803        616       6.28%      9,656        608       6.30%     9,232        600       6.50%
  Corporate stock                      320         25       7.81%        820         93      11.34%       987         82       8.31%
  Federal funds sold                 5,488         80       1.46%      6,727        202       3.00%     5,493        353       6.43%
  Investments in time
    deposits                         6,004        267       4.45%      5,566        342       6.14%     6,228        409       6.57%
                                  --------   --------               --------   --------              --------   --------
Total earning assets               280,623     18,747       6.68%    255,904     20,999       8.21%   238,837     21,381       8.95%
                                             --------                          --------                         --------
Cash & due from banks               21,149                            17,023                           15,776
Other assets                        10,729                             8,774                            7,011
Allowance for loan &
  lease losses                      (2,927)                           (2,652)                          (2,309)
                                  --------                          --------                         --------
                                  $309,574                          $279,049                         $259,315
                                  ========                          ========                         ========

Liabilities & Shareholders' Equity:
Interest bearing liabilities:
  NOW & MMDA                      $100,406        939       0.94%   $ 90,440      1,964       2.17%  $ 87,159      2,834       3.25%
  Savings                           13,918         51       0.37%     13,602        166       1.22%    12,212        297       2.43%
  Time deposits                     73,620      2,178       2.96%     79,332      3,912       4.93%    72,079      4,199       5.83%
  Other borrowings                  14,124        344       2.44%      3,758        224       5.96%     4,818        312       6.48%
                                  --------   --------               --------   --------              --------   --------
Total interest bearing
  liabilities                      202,068      3,512       1.74%    187,132      6,266       3.35%   176,268      7,642       4.34%
                                             --------                          --------                         --------
Demand deposits                     75,379                            63,586                           59,372
Other liabilities                    2,618                             2,015                            1,417
                                  --------                          --------                         --------
Total liabilities                  280,065                           252,733                          237,057
Shareholders' equity                29,509                            26,316                           22,258
                                  --------                          --------                         --------
                                  $309,574                          $279,049                         $259,315
                                  ========                          ========                         ========

Net interest income &
  margin (3)                                 $ 15,235       5.43%              $ 14,733       5.76%             $ 13,739       5.75%
                                             ========   ========               ========   ========              ========   ========
</TABLE>

(1)  Loan interest includes loan fees of $545,000, $506,000 and $355,000 in
     2002, 2001 and 2000, respectively.
(2)  Includes taxable-equivalent adjustments that primarily relate to income on
     certain securities that is exempt from federal income taxes. The effective
     federal statutory tax rate was 34% for the periods presented.
(3)  Net interest margin is computed by dividing net interest income by total
     average earning assets.

                                       19
<PAGE>

Table Three: Analysis of Volume and Rate Changes on Net Interest Income and
Expenses
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Year ended December 31, 2002 over 2001 (In thousands)
Increase (decrease) due to change in:

                                              Volume      Rate (4)    Net Change
                                             --------     --------     --------
Interest-earning assets:
   Net loans (1)(2)                          $    574     $ (3,057)    $ (2,483)
   Taxable investment securities                1,187         (699)         488
   Tax exempt investment securities (3)             9           (1)           8
   Corporate stock                                (57)         (11)         (68)
   Federal funds sold & other                     (37)         (85)        (122)
   Investment in time deposits                     27         (102)         (75)
                                             --------     --------     --------
     Total                                      1,703       (3,955)      (2,252)
                                             --------     --------     --------

Interest-bearing liabilities:
   Demand deposits                                216       (1,241)      (1,025)
   Savings deposits                                 4         (119)        (115)
   Time deposits                                 (282)      (1,452)      (1,734)
   Other borrowings                               618         (498)         120
                                             --------     --------     --------
     Total                                        556       (3,310)      (2,754)
                                             --------     --------     --------
Interest differential                        $  1,147     $   (645)    $    502
                                             ========     ========     ========

Year Ended December 31, 2001 over 2000 (In thousands)
Increase (decrease) due to change in:

                                              Volume      Rate (4)    Net Change
                                             --------     --------     --------
Interest-earning assets:
   Net loans (1)(2)                          $  2,715     $ (2,126)    $    589
   Taxable investment securities                 (712)         (60)        (772)
   Tax exempt investment securities (3)            28          (20)           8
   Corporate stock                                (14)          25           11
   Federal funds sold & other                      79         (230)        (151)
   Investment in time deposits                    (44)         (23)         (67)
                                             --------     --------     --------
     Total                                      2,052       (2,434)        (382)
                                             --------     --------     --------

Interest-bearing liabilities:
   Demand deposits                                107         (977)        (870)
   Savings deposits                                34         (165)        (131)
   Time deposits                                  423         (710)        (287)
   Other borrowings                               (69)         (19)         (88)
                                             --------     --------     --------
     Total                                        495       (1,871)      (1,376)
                                             --------     --------     --------
Interest differential                        $  1,557     $   (563)    $    994
                                             ========     ========     ========

(1)  The average balance of non-accruing loans is immaterial as a percentage of
     total loans and, as such, has been included in net loans.
(2)  Loan fees of $545,000, $506,000 and $355,000 for the years ended December
     31, 2002, 2001 and 2000, respectively, have been included in the interest
     income computation.
(3)  Includes taxable-equivalent adjustments that primarily relate to income on
     certain securities that is exempt from federal income taxes. The effective
     federal statutory tax rate was 34% for the periods presented.
(4)  The rate/volume variance has been included in the rate variance.

Provision for Loan and Lease Losses

         The Company provided $644,000 for loan and lease losses in 2002 as
compared to $791,000 for 2001. Net loan charge-offs for 2002 were $61,000 as
compared to $631,000 in 2001. In 2002 and 2001, net loan charge-offs as a
percentage of average loans outstanding was .03% and .31%, respectively. In
2000, the Company provided $672,000 for loan and lease losses and net
charge-offs were $239,000. For further information please see the Allowance for
Loan and Lease Losses Activity.

                                       20
<PAGE>

Service Charges and Fees and Other Income

         Table Four below provides a summary of the components of noninterest
income for the periods indicated (dollars in thousands):

Table Four: Components of Noninterest Income
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                       Year Ended December 31,
                                                     ---------------------------
                                                       2002      2001      2000
                                                     -------   -------   -------

         Service charges on deposit accounts         $   563   $   562   $   602
         Accounts receivable servicing fees              294       459       430
         Merchant fee income                             344       277       202
         Fees from lease brokerage services              459       264       177
         Income from residential lending division        278       274       142
         Other                                           385       529       630
                                                     -------   -------   -------

                                                     $ 2,323   $ 2,365   $ 2,183
                                                     =======   =======   =======

         Noninterest income was down $42,000 (1.8%) to $2,323,000 in 2002 from
the 2001 level. The decrease in the noninterest income can be attributed to a
decrease in accounts receivable servicing fees (down $165,000 or 35.9%) and
lower brokerage fees from the Real Estate Division at North Coast Bank (the
"REDNCB") (down $92,000 or 89.3%). The decrease in fees from accounts receivable
servicing and brokerage fees from the REDNCB were offset by increases in fees
from lease brokerage services (up $195,000 or 73.9%) and an increase in merchant
fee income (up $67,000 or 24.2%). The decrease in accounts receivable servicing
was a result of a decrease in average accounts receivable balances outstanding
from $3,467,000 in 2001 to $2,299,000 (33.7%) in 2002. The decrease in brokerage
fees from the REDNCB (which were recorded in "Other" in Table Four) results from
the decision to shut down the REDNCB in the first quarter of 2002. The increase
in lease brokerage services results from First Source Capital, the Company's
lease brokerage subsidiary, which saw an increase in business due to the
development of new relationships and a general positive increase in the
businesses it services.

         Noninterest income was up $182,000 (8.3%) to $2,365,000 in 2001 from
the 2000 level. The increase in the noninterest income can be attributed to an
increase in accounts receivable servicing (up $29,000 or 6.7%), merchant fee
income up ($75,000 or 37.1%), increased revenue from lease brokerage services
from First Source Capital (up $87,000 or 49.2%) and an increase in fees from the
residential lending division (up $132,000 or 93.0%). The increases were offset
by decreases in service charges on deposit accounts (down $40,000 or 6.6%) and
financial services income (down $113,000 or 55.7%). The increase in accounts
receivable servicing was a result of adding new clients and increasing average
accounts receivable balances outstanding from $2,696,000 in 2000 to $3,467,000
(28.6%) in 2001. The increase in merchant fee income can be attributed to higher
transaction volume from existing clients and more favorable pricing received by
the Company from its processor. The increase in lease brokerage results from
First Source Capital, the Company's lease brokerage subsidiary, completing their
second full year of operations and continuing to generate increases in fees as
it developed new relationships. The residential lending division experienced an
increase in loan volume as a result of decreases in mortgage rates, which caused
the number of refinances to increase. American River Bank's residential lending
division acts as a broker between American River Bank's customers and the loan
wholesalers. American River Bank receives an origination fee for loans closed.

Salaries and Benefits

         Salaries and benefits were $5,595,000 (up $261,000 or 4.9%) for 2002 as
compared to $5,334,000 in 2001. The increase is primarily the result of higher
incentive accruals ($720,000 in 2002 as compared to $277,000 in the 2001). The
increased incentive is due to the Company exceeding its performance goals by a
greater margin for 2002 than in 2001. The increased incentive was offset by
lower commissions paid in the REDNCB (down $115,000). At the end of 2002, the
full time equivalent staff was 99, down one from the 100 at the end of 2001.

         Salaries and benefits were $5,334,000 (up $373,000 or 7.5%) for 2001 as
compared to $4,961,000 in 2000. Base salaries increased $688,000, resulting from
normal cost of living raises of roughly 3% or $120,000, increased salaries of
$39,000 at First Source Capital (due to increased lease volume), salaries paid
to the new employees at the new Real Estate Division of North Coast Bank
($118,000), commissions paid in American River Bank's Real Estate Lending
Division ($166,000) and staffing additions made during the year as the Company
continues to grow and to implement the new technology acquired during the year.

                                       21
<PAGE>

Benefit costs and employer taxes increased commensurate with the salaries. The
salary and benefit increases were offset by a reduction in the amount accrued
for employee incentive compensation by $440,000 due to the Company not reaching
its projected growth goals. At the end of 2001, the full time equivalent staff
was 100, the same as of the end of 2000.

Occupancy, Furniture and Equipment

         Occupancy expense increased $30,000 (3.7%) during 2002 to $840,000, up
from $810,000 in 2001. The increase represents annual rent adjustments under the
existing lease agreements and higher utility costs passed on to the Company from
its landlords. Furniture and equipment expense was $620,000 in 2002 compared to
$564,000 in 2001, representing a $56,000 (9.9%) increase. This increase relates
to technology upgrades made over the past twelve months including upgrades to
the network and improvements to the network and internet security and the
network power stability system. In addition the expense includes a full year of
depreciation related to the purchase of a new core banking system in the second
quarter of 2001.

         Occupancy expense increased $53,000 (7.0%) during 2001 to $810,000, up
from $757,000 in 2000. The increase represents annual rent adjustments under the
existing lease agreements and higher utility costs passed on to the Company from
its landlords. Furniture and equipment expense was $564,000 in 2001 compared to
$461,000 in 2000, representing a $103,000 (22.3%) increase. This increase
relates to technology upgrades made over the past twelve months including the
purchase of a new core banking system, new telephone system, unified messaging,
a rebuilding of the network utilizing thin client technology and an internet
based online banking system.

Other Expenses

         Other expenses were $2,334,000 (down $460,000 or 16.5%) for 2002 as
compared to $2,794,000 for 2001. Professional fees accounted for $149,000
(32.4%) of the decrease in other expense. The decrease in professional fees
results from a recovery of legal fees ($48,000) related to the resolution of a
problem loan credit and lower legal fees paid to resolve problem loan credits.
The Company also recognized a recovery of an operating loss in 2002 in the
amount of $80,000. The loss was originally recognized in 2001. The overhead
efficiency ratio on a taxable equivalent basis for 2002 was 53.5% as compared to
55.6% in 2001.

         Other expenses were $2,794,000 (down $356,000 or 11.3%) for 2001 as
compared to $3,150,000 for 2000. Expenses for 2000 included one-time costs of
$693,000 associated with the acquisition of North Coast Bank, NASDAQ listing
fees and expenses related to registering the Company with the SEC. Excluding
these one-time costs, expenses in 2001 were up $337,000 (13.7%) over the
adjusted 2000 total. Professional fees accounted for $115,000 (34.1%) of the
increase in other expense. The increase in professional fees relates to legal
fees paid to resolve problem loan credits and accounting and legal fees related
to the periodic filings with the SEC. Normal price increases and growth in the
Company's operations accounted for slight increases in the other expense items.
The overhead efficiency ratio on a taxable equivalent basis for 2001 was 55.6%
as compared to 58.6% in 2000.

Provision for Taxes

         The effective tax rate on income was 39.4%, 39.3% and 38.5% in 2002,
2001 and 2000, respectively. The effective tax rate has increased slightly each
of the last three years as a result of the increases in taxable income growing
faster than the benefits of investments made in tax-qualified municipal bonds.
The effective tax rate was greater than the federal statutory tax rate due to
state tax expense (net of federal tax effect) of $501,000, $465,000 and $421,000
in these years. Tax-exempt income of $460,000, $464,000 and $462,000 from
investment securities in these years helped to reduce the effective tax rate.

Balance Sheet Analysis

         The Company's total assets were $342,563,000 at December 31, 2002 as
compared to $286,559,000 at December 31, 2001, representing an increase of
19.5%. The average balances of total assets during 2002 were $309,574,000 which
represent an increase of $30,525,000 (10.9%) over the December 31, 2001 total of
$279,049,000.

                                       22
<PAGE>

Loans

         The Company concentrates its lending activities in the following
principal areas: 1) commercial; 2) commercial real estate; 3) real estate
construction (both commercial and residential); 4) residential real estate; 5)
agriculture; 6) consumer loans; and 7) lease financing receivable. At December
31, 2002, these categories accounted for approximately 21%, 55%, 14%, 1%, 4%, 2%
and 3%, respectively, of the Company's loan portfolio. This mix was relatively
unchanged compared to 22%, 51%, 15%, 2%, 5%, 4% and 1%, at December 31, 2001.
Continuing strong economic activity in the Company's market area, new borrowers
developed through the Company's marketing efforts and credit extensions expanded
to existing borrowers, offset by normal loan paydowns and payoffs, resulted in
net increases in balances for commercial ($5,612,000 or 12.9%), commercial real
estate ($27,392,000 or 27.3%), real estate construction ($1,564,000 or 5.1%) and
lease financing receivable ($4,267,000 or 170.7%). Despite the new borrowers the
Company experienced decreases in residential real estate ($1,458,000 or 46.7%),
agriculture ($1,427,000 or 13.9%) and consumer ($1,227,000 or 16.1%) as a result
of normal paydowns and higher than average payoffs. The higher payoffs can be
attributed to refinances during the low rate environment. Table Five below
summarizes the composition of the loan and lease portfolio for the past five
years as of December 31.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Table Five: Loan and Lease Portfolio Composition
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                      December 31,
                             -------------------------------------------------------------
(In thousands)                  2002         2001         2000         1999         1998
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                          <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
Commercial                   $  49,231    $  43,619    $  52,726    $  42,148    $  36,916
Real estate:
   Commercial                  127,550      100,158       97,390       72,142       66,883
   Construction                 32,385       30,821       27,182       25,784       25,011
   Residential                   1,661        3,119        8,085        6,234        7,037
Agriculture                      8,824       10,251       10,764        7,200        3,416
Consumer                         6,371        7,598        6,413        5,896        5,654
Lease financing receivable       6,766        2,499        1,150          122          364
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                               232,788      198,065      203,710      159,526      145,281
Deferred loan fees, net           (583)        (425)        (598)        (420)        (456)
Allowance for loan and
   lease losses                 (3,197)      (2,614)      (2,454)      (2,062)      (1,693)
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total net loans and leases   $ 229,008    $ 195,026    $ 200,658    $ 157,044    $ 143,132
==========================================================================================
</TABLE>

         A significant portion of the Company's loans are direct loans made to
individuals and local businesses. The Company relies substantially on local
promotional activity and personal contacts by bank officers, directors and
employees to compete with other financial institutions. The Company makes loans
to borrowers whose applications include a sound purpose and a viable primary
repayment source, generally supported by a secondary source of repayment.

         Commercial loans consist of credit lines for operating needs, loans for
equipment purchases, working capital, and various other business loan products.
Consumer loans include a range of traditional consumer loan products such as
personal lines of credit and loans to finance purchases of autos, boats,
recreational vehicles, mobile homes and various other consumer items.
Construction loans are generally composed of commitments to customers within the
Company's service area for construction of both commercial properties and custom
and semi-custom single-family residences. Other real estate loans consist
primarily of loans secured by first trust deeds on commercial and residential
properties typically with maturities from 3 to 10 years and original loan to
value ratios generally from 65% to 80%. Agriculture loans consist primarily of
vineyard loans and development loans to plant vineyards. In general, except in
the case of loans with SBA or Farm Services Agency guarantees, the Company does
not make long-term mortgage loans; however, American River Bank has a
residential lending division to assist customers in securing most forms of
longer term single-family mortgage financing. American River Bank acts as a
broker between American River Bank's customers and the loan wholesalers.
American River Bank receives an origination fee for loans closed.

         Average net loans and leases in 2002 were $209,133,000 which represents
an increase of $6,509,000 (3.2%) over the average in 2001. Average loans and
leases in 2001 were $202,624,000 representing an increase of $27,490,000 (15.7%)
over 2000. Loan growth in 2002 and 2001 resulted from a favorable economy in the

                                       23
<PAGE>

Company's market area, new borrowers developed through the Company's marketing
efforts and credit extensions expanded to existing borrowers.

Risk Elements

         The Company assesses and manages credit risk on an ongoing basis
through a total credit culture that emphasizes excellent credit quality,
extensive internal monitoring and established formal lending policies.
Additionally, the Company contracts with an outside loan review consultant to
periodically review the existing loan and lease portfolio. Management believes
its ability to identify and assess risk and return characteristics of the
Company's loan and lease portfolio is critical for profitability and growth.
Management strives to continue its emphasis on credit quality in the loan and
lease approval process, active credit administration and regular monitoring.
With this in mind, management has designed and implemented a comprehensive loan
and lease review and grading system that functions to continually assess the
credit risk inherent in the loan and lease portfolio.

         Ultimately, underlying trends in economic and business cycles may
influence credit quality. American River Bank's business is concentrated in the
Sacramento Metropolitan Statistical Area, which is a diversified economy, but
with a large State of California government presence and employment base. North
Coast Bank's business is focused on Sonoma County. Special emphasis is placed
within the three communities in which North Coast Bank has offices (Santa Rosa,
Windsor, and Healdsburg). The economy of Sonoma County is diversified with
professional services, manufacturing, agriculture and real estate investment and
construction.

         The Company has significant extensions of credit and commitments to
extend credit that are secured by real estate. The ultimate repayment of these
loans is generally dependent on personal or business cash flows or the sale or
refinancing of the real estate. The Company monitors the effects of current and
expected market conditions and other factors on the collectability of real
estate loans. The more significant factors management considers involve the
following: lease rate and terms, absorption and sale rates; real estate values
and rates of return; operating expenses; inflation; and sufficiency of
collateral independent of the real estate including, in some instances, personal
guarantees.

         In extending credit and commitments to borrowers, the Company generally
requires collateral and/or guarantees as security. The repayment of such loans
is expected to come from cash flow or from proceeds from the sale of selected
assets of the borrowers. The Company's requirement for collateral and/or
guarantees is determined on a case-by-case basis in connection with management's
evaluation of the creditworthiness of the borrower. Collateral held varies but
may include accounts receivable, inventory, property, plant and equipment,
income-producing properties, residences and other real property. The Company
secures its collateral by perfecting its security interest in business assets,
obtaining deeds of trust, or outright possession among other means.

         In management's judgment, a concentration exists in real estate loans
which represented approximately 69.5% of the Company's loan and lease portfolio
at December 31, 2002. Although management believes the concentration to have no
more than the normal risk of collectability, a substantial decline in the
economy in general, or a decline in real estate values in the Company's primary
market areas in particular, could have an adverse impact on the collectability
of these loans and require an increase in the provision for loan and lease
losses which could adversely affect the Company's future prospects, results of
operations, profitability and stock price. Management believes that its lending
policies and underwriting standards will tend to minimize losses in an economic
downturn, however, there is no assurance that losses will not occur under such
circumstances. The Company's loan policies and underwriting standards include,
but are not limited to, the following: (1) maintaining a thorough understanding
of the Company's service area and originating a significant majority of its
loans within that area, (2) maintaining a thorough understanding of borrowers'
knowledge, capacity, and market position in their field of expertise, (3) basing
real estate loan approvals not only on market demand for the project, but also
on the borrowers' capacity to support the project financially in the event it
does not perform to expectations (whether sale or income performance), and (4)
maintaining conforming and prudent loan to value and loan to cost ratios based
on independent outside appraisals and ongoing inspection and analysis by the
Company's lending officers.

Nonaccrual, Past Due and Restructured Loans

         Management generally places loans on nonaccrual status when they become
90 days past due, unless the loan is well secured and in the process of
collection. Loans are charged off when, in the opinion of management, collection
appears unlikely. Table Six below sets forth nonaccrual loans and loans past due
90 days or more as of year-end for the past five years.

                                       24
<PAGE>

         Interest due but excluded from interest income on nonaccrual loans was
not material during 2002, 2001 and 2000. In 2002, 2001 and 2000, interest income
recognized from payments received on nonaccrual loans was also not material.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Table Six: Non-Performing Loans
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                           December 31,
                                               -------------------------------------
(In thousands)                                  2002    2001    2000    1999    1998
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                            <C>     <C>     <C>     <C>     <C>
Past due 90 days or more and still accruing:
   Commercial                                  $   2   $  --   $  --   $  --   $  --
   Real estate                                    --      --      --      --      --
   Consumer and other                             --      --      --      --       7
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Nonaccrual:
   Commercial                                     42     533     225      30     110
   Real estate                                   160     314     449      --      --
   Consumer and other                              2       8      --      --      --
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total non-performing loans                     $ 206   $ 856   $ 674   $  30   $ 117
====================================================================================
</TABLE>

         The recorded investments in loans that were considered to be impaired
totaled $206,000 and $856,000 at December 31, 2002 and 2001, respectively. The
related allowance for loan losses for these loans at December 31, 2002 and
December 31, 2001 was $51,000 and $263,000, respectively. Management believes
that the allowance allocations are adequate for the inherent risk of those
loans. The average recorded investment in impaired loans for the years ended
December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000 was $472,000, $733,000 and $128,000,
respectively.

         There were no loan concentrations in excess of 10% of total loans not
otherwise disclosed as a category of loans as of December 31, 2002. Management
is not aware of any potential problem loans, which were accruing and current at
December 31, 2001 or 2002, where serious doubt exists as to the ability of the
borrower to comply with the present repayment terms.

Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses Activity

         The provision for loan and lease losses is based upon management's
evaluation of the adequacy of the existing allowance for loans and leases
outstanding and loan commitments. This allowance is increased by provisions
charged to expense and recoveries, and is reduced by loan charge-offs.
Management determines an appropriate provision based upon the interaction of
three primary factors: (1) loan and lease portfolio growth, (2) a comprehensive
grading and review formula for total loans and leases outstanding, and (3)
estimated inherent credit risk in the portfolio. Loans and leases are charged
off when they are deemed to be uncollectable; recoveries are generally recorded
only when cash payments are received subsequent to the charge off.

         Management employs a systematic methodology for determining the
allowance for loan and lease losses that includes a periodic review process and
adjustments to the monthly allowance when deemed appropriate. The process
includes periodic review of individual loans that have been identified as
problem loans or have characteristics that could lead to impairment. Management
typically places reserves of 2%-5% of credit exposures graded "Special Mention",
15%-25% of credits classified "Substandard" and 50% of credits classified
"Doubtful". These reserve factors may be adjusted for significant loans that are
individually evaluated by management for specific risk of loss. The amounts
allocated for "Special Mention", "Substandard" and "Doubtful" are within the
calculated range of $264,000 to $484,000 at December 31, 2002. In addition,
reserve factors ranging from 0.50% to 2.50% are assigned to currently performing
loans that are not otherwise graded as Special Mention, Substandard or Doubtful.
These factors are assigned based on management's assessment of the following for
each identified loan type: (1) inherent credit risk, (2) historical losses and,
(3) where the Company has not experienced losses, historical losses experienced
by peer banks. While the methodology utilizes historical and other objective
information, the establishment of the allowance for loan and lease losses and
the classification of the loans and leases is also to some extent based on
management's judgment and experience.

         The Loan Committees of American River Bank and North Coast Bank
(collectively "the Subsidiary Banks") review the adequacy of the allowance for
loan and lease losses at least quarterly to include consideration of the
relative risks in the portfolio and current economic conditions. The Subsidiary
Banks also engage an outside firm to independently assess our methodology and
reserve adequacy, and on a regular basis engage an outside firm to perform
independent reviews of the loan portfolios. The allowance is adjusted based on
those reviews if, in the judgment of the loan committees and management, changes

                                       25
<PAGE>

are warranted. Each of the Subsidiary Banks generally makes monthly allocations
to the allowance for loan and lease losses based on estimates of loss risk and
loan and lease growth.

         Table Seven below summarizes, for the periods indicated, the activity
in the allowance for loan and lease losses.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Table Seven: Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(In thousands, except for
percentages)                                                  Year Ended December 31,
                                          --------------------------------------------------------------
                                             2002         2001         2000          1999         1998
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<S>                                       <C>          <C>          <C>           <C>          <C>
Average loans and leases
outstanding                               $ 209,133    $ 202,624    $ 175,134     $ 148,369    $ 133,381
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Allowance for possible loan & lease
  losses at beginning of period           $   2,614    $   2,454    $   2,062     $   1,693    $   1,526

Loans charged off:
  Commercial                                     44          556          265           214          478
  Real estate                                    59           85           --            --           22
  Consumer                                       48           13            1             3            7
  Lease financing receivable                     --           57           --            14           --
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total                                           151          711          266           231          507
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Recoveries of loans previously
  charged off:
  Commercial                                      1            9           23            15          165
  Real estate                                    85           --           --            --           --
  Consumer                                        4           --            4             3           --
  Lease financing receivable                     --           71           --            --           --
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total                                            90           80           27            18          165
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net loans charged off                            61          631          239           213          342
Amount transferred for accounts
  receivable servicing valuation
  reserve                                        --           --          (41)           --           --
Additions to allowance charged
  to operating expenses                         644          791          672           582          509
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Allowance for possible loan and
  lease losses at end of period           $   3,197    $   2,614    $   2,454     $   2,062    $   1,693

Ratio of net charge-offs to average
  loans and leases outstanding                  .03%         .31%         .14%          .14%         .26%

Provision for possible loan and lease
  losses to average loans and leases
  outstanding                                   .31%         .39%         .38%          .39%         .38%

Allowance for possible loan and
  lease losses to loans and leases, net
  of deferred fees at end of period            1.38%        1.32%        1.21%         1.30%        1.17%
</TABLE>


         The allowance for loan and lease losses totaled $3,197,000 or 1.38% of
total loans at December 31, 2002, $2,614,000 or 1.32% of total loans at December
31, 2001, and $2,454,000 or 1.21% at December 31, 2000. During the first quarter
of 2000, $41,000 was transferred out of the allowance for loan and lease losses
account into a separate valuation reserve for the accounts receivable servicing
receivables.

         It is the policy of management to maintain the allowance for loan and
lease losses at a level adequate for known and inherent risks in the portfolio.
Our methodology incorporates a variety of risk considerations, both quantitative
and qualitative, in establishing an allowance for loan and lease losses that
management believes is appropriate at each reporting date. Based on information
currently available to analyze inherent credit risk, including economic factors,
overall credit quality, historical delinquencies and a history of actual
charge-offs, management believes that the provision for loan and lease losses
and the allowance for loan and lease losses are prudent and adequate.

                                       26
<PAGE>

Adjustments may be made based on differences from estimated loan growth, the
types of loans constituting this growth, changes in risk ratings within the
portfolio, and general economic conditions. However, no prediction of the
ultimate level of loans charged off in future periods can be made with any
certainty.

         As part of its loan review process, management has allocated the
overall allowance based on specific identified problem loans, qualitative
factors, uncertainty inherent in the estimation process and historical loss
data. The risk exists of future losses which cannot be precisely quantified or
attributed to particular loans or classes of loans. Management continues to
evaluate the loan and lease portfolio and assess current economic conditions
that will dictate future allowance levels. Table Eight below summarizes the
allocation of the allowance for loan and lease losses for the five years ended
December 31, 2002. The allocation presented should not be interpreted as an
indication that charges to the allowance for loan and lease losses will be
incurred in these amounts or proportions, or that the portion of the allowance
allocated to each loan category represents the total amounts available for
charge-offs that may occur within these categories.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Table Eight:  Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses by Loan Category
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(In thousands,
except percentages)               December 31, 2002            December 31, 2001            December 31, 2000
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                       Percent of loans             Percent of loans             Percent of loans
                                       in each category             in each category             in each category
                              Amount    to total loans     Amount    to total loans     Amount    to total loans
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                          <C>            <C>           <C>            <C>           <C>            <C>
Commercial                   $   660         21.1%        $   923         22.0%        $   781         25.9%
Real estate                    2,173         69.5%          1,288         67.7%          1,392         65.1%
Agriculture                      116          3.8%            147          5.3%            105          5.3%
Consumer                         152          2.9%            206          3.8%            153          3.1%
Lease financing receivable        96          2.7%             50          1.2%             23           .6%
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total allocated              $ 3,197        100.0%        $ 2,614        100.0%        $ 2,454        100.0%
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                  December 31, 2002            December 31, 2001
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                       Percent of loans             Percent of loans
                                       in each category             in each category
                              Amount    to total loans     Amount    to total loans
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                          <C>            <C>           <C>            <C>
Commercial                   $   642         26.4%        $   509         25.4%
Real estate                    1,252         65.3%          1,052         68.1%
Agriculture                       78          4.5%             39          2.4%
Consumer                          88          3.7%             86          3.8%
Lease financing receivable         2           .1%              7           .3%
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total allocated              $ 2,062        100.0%        $ 1,693        100.0%
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

Other Real Estate

         At December 31, 2002 and 2001, the Company did not have any ORE
properties.

Deposits

         At December 31, 2002, total deposits were $275,796,000 representing an
increase of $20,908,000 (8.2%) over the December 31, 2001 balance of
$254,888,000. The deposit growth in 2002 can be attributed to a concentrated
effort to increase noninterest-bearing demand, interest-bearing money market and
savings accounts. As a result these accounts increased 21.0%, 7.4% and 20.2%,
respectively, in 2002. During 2001, deposits increased $15,576,000 (6.5%) from
the total of $239,312,000 at December 31, 2000.

Other Borrowed Funds

         Other borrowings outstanding as of December 31, 2002 consist of
advances (both long-term and short-term) from the FHLB and an overnight
borrowing from a correspondent bank. The following table summarizes these
borrowings (in thousands):

                                       27
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                               2002              2001              2000
                                          ---------------------------------------------------
                                           Amount   Rate     Amount   Rate     Amount   Rate
                                          ---------------------------------------------------
<S>                                       <C>       <C>     <C>       <C>     <C>       <C>
         Short-Term borrowings:

            FHLB advances                  24,000   1.71%   $    --     --    $    --     --
            Advances from correspondent
               banks                        6,550   1.75%        --     --     15,990   6.88%
                                          ---------------------------------------------------

         Total Short-Term borrowings      $30,550   1.72%   $    --     --    $15,990   6.88%
                                          ---------------------------------------------------

         Long-Term Borrowings:

            FHLB advances                 $ 1,992   6.13%   $ 2,039   6.13%   $ 2,084   6.13%
                                          ---------------------------------------------------

         Total Short-Term borrowings      $ 1,992   6.13%   $ 2,039   6.13%   $ 2,084   6.13%
                                          ---------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

         The maximum amount of short-term borrowings at any month end during
2002, 2001 and 2000, was $33,900,000, $12,390,000 and $15,990,000, respectively.
The advances from correspondent banks at December 31, 2002, bear an interest
rate of 1.75% and mature on January 1, 2003. The FHLB advances are
collateralized by loans and securities pledged to the FHLB. The following is a
breakdown of rates and maturities on FHLB advances (dollars in thousands):

                                         Short Term         Long Term

                  Amount                 $  24,000          $   1,992
                  Maturity                    2003               2007
                  Average rates               1.71%              6.13%

         The Company has also been issued a total of $1,833,000 in letters of
credit by the FHLB which have been pledged to secure Local Agency Deposits. The
letters of credit act as a guarantee of payment to certain third parties in
accordance with specified terms and conditions. The letters of credit were not
drawn upon in 2002 and management does not expect to draw upon these lines in
the future.

Capital Resources

         The current and projected capital position of the Company and the
impact of capital plans and long-term strategies is reviewed regularly by
management. The Company's capital position represents the level of capital
available to support continuing operations and expansion.

         On September 20, 2001, the Company announced a plan to repurchase, as
conditions warrant, up to 5% annually of the Company's common stock in
connection with the Company's annual distribution of a 5% stock dividend. During
2002, the Company repurchased 42,001 shares and in 2001, the Company repurchased
21,400 shares under the repurchase plan.

         The Company and the Subsidiary Banks are subject to certain regulations
issued by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency,
which require maintenance of certain levels of capital. At December 31, 2002,
shareholders' equity was $31,726,000, representing an increase of $3,784,000
(13.5%) from $27,942,000 at December 31, 2001. In 2001, shareholders' equity
increased $3.5 million (14.5%) from 2000. The ratio of total risk-based capital
to risk adjusted assets was 13.0% at December 31, 2002 compared to 13.6% at
December 31, 2001. Tier 1 risk-based capital to risk-adjusted assets was 11.8%
at December 31, 2002 and 12.4% at December 31, 2001.

         Table Nine below lists the Company's actual capital ratios at December
31, 2002 and 2001 as well as the minimum capital ratios for capital adequacy.

                                       28
<PAGE>

Table Nine: Capital Ratios
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                     At December 31,      Minimum Regulatory
Capital to Risk-Adjusted Assets      2002      2001      Capital Requirements
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Leverage ratio                        9.8%      9.8%             4.00%

Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital            11.8%     12.4%             4.00%

Total Risk-Based Capital             13.0%     13.6%             8.00%

         Capital ratios are reviewed on a regular basis to ensure that capital
exceeds the prescribed regulatory minimums and is adequate to meet future needs.
All Subsidiary Banks ratios are in excess of the regulatory definition of "well
capitalized."

         See "American River Holdings and Subsidiaries Financial
Statements--Note 13, Regulatory Matters" for a discussion of regulatory capital
requirements. Management believes that the Company's capital is adequate to
support current operations and anticipated growth, cash dividends and future
capital requirements of the Company and its subsidiaries.

Market Risk Management

         Overview. Market risk is the risk of loss from adverse changes in
market prices and rates. The Company's market risk arises primarily from
interest rate risk inherent in its loan and deposit functions. The goal for
managing the assets and liabilities of the Company is to maximize shareholder
value and earnings while maintaining a high quality balance sheet without
exposing the Company to undue interest rate risk. The Board of Directors has
overall responsibility for the interest rate risk management policies. Each of
the Subsidiary Banks have a Risk Management Committee that establishes and
monitors guidelines to control the sensitivity of earnings to changes in
interest rates.

         Asset/Liability Management. Activities involved in asset/liability
management include but are not limited to lending, accepting and placing
deposits and investing in securities. Interest rate risk is the primary market
risk associated with asset/liability management. Sensitivity of earnings to
interest rate changes arises when yields on assets change in a different time
period or in a different amount from that of interest costs on liabilities. To
mitigate interest rate risk, the structure of the balance sheet is managed with
the goal that movements of interest rates on assets and liabilities are
correlated and contribute to earnings even in periods of volatile interest
rates. The asset/liability management policy sets limits on the acceptable
amount of variance in net interest margin and market value of equity under
changing interest environments. The Company uses simulation models to forecast
earnings, net interest margin and market value of equity.

         Simulation of earnings is the primary tool used to measure the
sensitivity of earnings to interest rate changes. Using computer-modeling
techniques, the Company is able to estimate the potential impact of changing
interest rates on earnings. A balance sheet forecast is prepared quarterly using
inputs of actual loans, securities and interest bearing liabilities (i.e.
deposits/borrowings) positions as the beginning base. The forecast balance sheet
is processed against three interest rate scenarios. The scenarios include a 200
basis point rising rate forecast, a flat rate forecast and a 200 basis point
falling rate forecast which take place within a one year time frame. The net
interest income is measured during the year assuming a gradual change in rates
over the twelve-month horizon. The Company's 2003 net interest income, as
forecast below, was modeled utilizing a forecast balance sheet projected from
year-end 2002 balances.

         Table Ten below summarizes the effect on net interest income (NII) of a
+/-200 basis point change in interest rates as measured against a constant rate
(no change) scenario.

                                       29
<PAGE>

Table Ten: Interest Rate Risk Simulation of Net Interest as of December 31, 2002
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   (In thousands)                                         $ Change in NII
                                                            from Current
                                                          12 Month Horizon
                                                          ----------------
         Variation from a constant rate scenario
            +200bp                                             $  318
            -200bp                                             $ (382)

The simulations of earnings do not incorporate any management actions, which
might moderate the negative consequences of interest rate deviations. Therefore,
they do not reflect likely actual results, but serve as conservative estimates
of interest rate risk. During the third quarter of 2002, the Company employed an
investment strategy to reduce exposure to further declines in intermediate term
interest rates by purchasing mortgage-backed securities with average lives of 3
to 5 years and funding them with wholesale FHLB advances that mature in one year
or less. The fixed rate mortgage-backed securities should mitigate the Company's
exposure to further declines in rates.

Interest Rate Sensitivity Analysis

         Interest rate sensitivity is a function of the repricing
characteristics of the portfolio of assets and liabilities. These repricing
characteristics are the time frames within which the interest-bearing assets and
liabilities are subject to change in interest rates either at replacement,
repricing or maturity. Interest rate sensitivity management focuses on the
maturity of assets and liabilities and their repricing during periods of changes
in market interest rates. Interest rate sensitivity is measured as the
difference between the volumes of assets and liabilities in the current
portfolio that are subject to repricing at various time horizons. The
differences are known as interest sensitivity gaps.

         As reflected in Table Eleven below, at December 31, 2002, the
cumulative gap through the one-year time horizon indicates a slightly liability
sensitive position.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Table Eleven: Interest Rate Sensitivity
December 31, 2002
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Assets and Liabilities
  which mature or reprice within (days):
                                                                                 Non-
     (In thousands)             0-90       91-180      181-365     Over 365    repricing      Total
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                          <C>         <C>          <C>          <C>         <C>          <C>
Assets:
  Investment securities      $   5,489   $   6,597    $   8,718    $  60,757   $      --    $  81,561
  Loans                        110,538      27,037       19,078       72,355          --      229,008
  Other assets                      --          --           --           --      31,994       31,994
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Total assets             $ 116,027   $  33,634    $  27,796    $ 133,112   $  31,994    $ 342,563
=====================================================================================================
Liabilities:
  Noninterest bearing        $      --   $      --    $      --    $      --   $  81,974    $  81,974
  Interest bearing:
    Transaction                 11,755       4,702        3,527        3,527          --       23,511
    Money market                41,121      16,497       12,372       12,372          --       82,362
    Savings                      7,781       3,112        1,556        3,113          --       15,562
    Time certificates           34,380      14,983       13,689        9,335          --       72,387
  Short-term borrowings         18,050          --       12,500           --          --       30,550
  Long-term borrowings               5           5           12        1,970          --        1,992
  Other liabilities                 --          --           --           --       2,499        2,499
  Shareholders' equity              --          --           --           --      31,726       31,726
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    Total liabilities and
      shareholders' equity   $ 113,092   $  39,299    $  43,656    $  30,317   $ 116,199    $ 342,563
=====================================================================================================
Interest rate
  sensitivity gap            $   2,935   $  (5,665)   $ (15,860)   $ 102,795   $ (84,205)
Cumulative interest
  rate sensitivity gap       $   2,935   $  (2,730)   $ (18,590)   $  84,205          --
</TABLE>

                                       30
<PAGE>

         A positive cumulative gap may be equated to an asset sensitive
position. An asset sensitive position in a rising interest rate environment will
cause a bank's interest rate margin to expand. This results as floating or
variable rate loans reprice more rapidly than fixed rate certificates of deposit
that reprice as they mature over time. Conversely, a declining interest rate
environment will cause the opposite effect. A negative cumulative gap may be
equated to a liability sensitive position. A liability sensitive position in a
rising interest rate environment will cause a bank's interest rate margin to
contract, while a declining interest rate environment will have the opposite
effect.

Inflation

         The impact of inflation on a financial institution differs
significantly from that exerted on manufacturing, or other commercial concerns,
primarily because its assets and liabilities are largely monetary. In general,
inflation primarily affects the Company and it subsidiaries through its effect
on market rates of interest, which affects the Company's ability to attract loan
customers. Inflation affects the growth of total assets by increasing the level
of loan demand, and potentially adversely affects capital adequacy because loan
growth in inflationary periods can increase at rates higher than the rate that
capital grows through retention of earnings which may be generated in the
future. In addition to its effects on interest rates, inflation increases
overall operating expenses. Inflation has not had a material effect upon the
results of operations of the Company and its subsidiaries during the periods
ending December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000.

Liquidity

         Liquidity management refers to the Company's ability to provide funds
on an ongoing basis to meet fluctuations in deposit levels as well as the credit
needs and requirements of its clients. Both assets and liabilities contribute to
the Company's liquidity position. Federal funds lines, short-term investments
and securities, and loan repayments contribute to liquidity, along with deposit
increases, while loan funding and deposit withdrawals decrease liquidity. The
Company assesses the likelihood of projected funding requirements by reviewing
historical funding patterns, current and forecasted economic conditions and
individual client funding needs. Commitments to fund loans and outstanding
standby letters of credit at December 31, 2002 were approximately $61,714,000
and $3,668,000, respectively. Such loans relate primarily to revolving lines of
credit and other commercial loans and to real estate construction loans. Since
some of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the
total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements.

         The Company's sources of liquidity consist of cash and due from
correspondent banks, overnight funds sold to correspondent banks, unpledged
marketable investments and loans held for sale. On December 31, 2002,
consolidated liquid assets totaled $49.1 million or 14.3% of total assets
compared to $54.8 million or 19.1% of total assets on December 31, 2001. In
addition to liquid assets, the Company maintains short-term lines of credit in
the amount of $26,000,000 with correspondent banks. At December 31, 2002, the
Company had $19,450,000 available under these credit lines. Additionally, the
Subsidiary Banks are members of the FHLB. At December 31, 2002, the Subsidiary
Banks could have arranged for up to $32,371,000 in secured borrowings from the
FHLB. These borrowings are secured by pledged mortgage loans and investment
securities. At December 31, 2002, the Company had $4,541,000 available under
these secured borrowing arrangements. American River Bank also has informal
agreements with various other banks to sell participations in loans, if
necessary. The Company serves primarily a business and professional customer
base and, as such, its deposit base is susceptible to economic fluctuations.
Accordingly, management strives to maintain a balanced position of liquid assets
to volatile and cyclical deposits.

         Liquidity is also affected by portfolio maturities and the effect of
interest rate fluctuations on the marketability of both assets and liabilities.
The Company can sell any of its unpledged securities held in the
Available-for-Sale category to meet liquidity needs. Due to the falling interest
rate environment throughout the last half of 2000 and continuing through the end
of 2002, much of the investment portfolio has experienced significant price
appreciation, which has resulted in unrealized gains. These unrealized gains
allow the Company the ability to sell these securities should the liquidity
needs arise. These securities are also available to pledge as collateral for
borrowings if the need should arise. American River Bank has established a
master repurchase agreement with a correspondent bank to enable such
transactions. American River Bank and North Coast Bank can also pledge
securities to borrow from the FRB and the FHLB.

                                       31
<PAGE>

         The principal cash requirements of the Company are for expenses
incurred in the support of administration and operations. For nonbanking
functions, the Company is dependent upon the payment of cash dividends from its
subsidiaries to service its commitments. The Company expects that the cash
dividends paid by its subsidiaries to the Company will be sufficient to meet
this payment schedule.

         The maturity distribution of certificates of deposit is set forth in
Table Twelve below for the periods presented. These deposits are generally more
rate sensitive than other deposits and, therefore, are more likely to be
withdrawn to obtain higher yields elsewhere if available.

Table Twelve: Certificates of Deposit Maturities
December 31, 2002
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(In thousands)                              Over $100,000     Less than $100,000
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Three months or less                          $ 19,661            $  7,720
 Over three months through six months             9,548               5,914
 Over six months through twelve months            9,559               5,253
 Over twelve months                               7,595               7,137
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Total                                         $ 46,363            $ 26,024
================================================================================

         Loan demand also affects the Company's liquidity position. Table
Thirteen below presents the maturities of loans for the period indicated.

Table Thirteen: Loan Maturities (Gross Loans)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
December 31, 2002
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                           One year   One year through     Over
(In thousands)             or less       five years     five years        Total
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Commercial                $ 22,426       $ 22,106       $  4,699       $ 49,231
 Real estate                 29,051         44,967         87,578        161,596
 Agriculture                    768          6,619          1,437          8,824
 Consumer                       858          3,272          2,241          6,371
 Leases                          66          6,545            155          6,766
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Total                     $ 53,169       $ 83,509       $ 96,110       $232,788
================================================================================

         Loans shown above with maturities greater than one year include
$150,112,000 of floating interest rate loans and $29,507,000 of fixed rate
loans.

         The carrying amount, maturity distribution and weighted average yield
of the Company's investment securities available-for-sale and held-to-maturity
portfolios are presented in Table Fourteen below. The yields on tax-exempt
obligations have been computed on a tax equivalent basis.

                                       32
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Table Fourteen: Securities Maturities and Weighted Average Yields
December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(Taxable Equivalent Basis)
                                                 2002                2001                2000
                                          ----------------------------------------------------------
                                                    Weighted            Weighted            Weighted
                                          Carrying   Average  Carrying   Average  Carrying   Average
(In thousands)                             Amount     Yield    Amount     Yield    Amount     Yield
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<S>                                       <C>         <C>     <C>        <C>      <C>        <C>
Available-for-sale securities:
U.S. Treasury and agency securities
   Maturing within 1 year                 $  4,907    6.46%   $  6,024    6.31%   $  4,351    6.02%
   Maturing after 1 year but within 5       15,660    4.26%     12,479    5.30%     11,956    6.29%
      years
State & political subdivisions
   Maturing within 1 year                      779    6.89%         --      --         200    6.10%
   Maturing after 1 year but within 5        1,139    6.48%      1,889    6.65%      1,811    6.57%
      years
   Maturing after 5 years but within 10      3,215    7.46%      1,903    7.62%        387    6.91%
      years
   Maturing after 10 years                   5,475    7.55%      6,148    7.49%      7,381    7.31%
Government guaranteed mortgage-backed
   securities                               29,280    4.57%      1,104    5.26%        163    6.77%
Other
   Maturing within 1 year                      254    7.40%      4,533    3.67%      3,950    6.37%
   Maturing after 1 year but within 5          816    3.55%        789    4.62%         --      --
      years
   Non maturing                                351    6.61%        594    7.54%      1,048    8.49%
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total investment securities               $ 61,876    5.13%   $ 35,463    5.86%   $ 31,247    6.60%
===================================================================================================

Held-to-maturity securities:
U.S. Treasury and agency securities
   Maturing within 1 year                 $     --      --    $     --      --    $  1,501    6.40%
State & political subdivisions
   Maturing within 1 year                    1,133    6.53%         --      --         553    8.35%
   Maturing after 1 year but within 5          200    6.77%      1,323    6.51%      1,324    6.51%
      years
   Maturing after 5 years but within 10         --      --          16   15.84%         23   15.84%
      years
Government guaranteed mortgage-backed
   securities                               10,852    5.05%     11,770    5.92%      9,965    6.58%
Other
   Maturing within 1 year                       --      --          --      --       1,836    5.84%
   Maturing after 1 year but within 5
      years                                     --      --          --      --       1,253    6.88%
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total investment securities               $ 12,185    5.22%   $ 13,109    5.99%   $ 16,455    6.57%
===================================================================================================
</TABLE>

         The carrying values of available-for-sale securities includes net
unrealized gains of $2,149,000, $796,000 and $350,000 at December 31, 2002, 2001
and 2000, respectively. The carrying values of held-to-maturity securities do
not include unrealized gains, however, the net unrealized gains at December 31,
2002, 2001 and 2000 were $201,000, $125,000 and $68,000, respectively. Table 14
does not include FHLB or FRB Stock, which do not have stated maturity dates or
readily available market values. The balance in FHLB and FRB Stock at December
31, 2002, 2001 and 2000 was $1,562,000, $340,000 and $316,000, respectively.

                                       33
<PAGE>

Off-Balance Sheet Items

         The Company has certain ongoing commitments under operating leases.
These commitments do not significantly impact operating results. See "American
River Holdings and Subsidiaries Financial Statements--Note 11, Commitments and
Contingencies".

         Certain financial institutions have elected to use special purpose
vehicles ("SPV") to dispose of problem assets. An SPV is typically a subsidiary
company with an asset and liability structure and legal status that makes its
obligations secure even if the parent corporation goes bankrupt. Under certain
circumstances, these financial institutions may exclude the problem assets from
their reported impaired and non-performing assets. We do not use those vehicles
or any other structures to dispose of problem assets.

         As of December 31, 2002, commitments to extend credit and letters of
credit were the only financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk. The
Company has not entered into any contracts for financial derivative instruments
such as futures, swaps, options or similar instruments. Loan commitments and
letters of credit were $61,714,000 and $3,668,000, respectively, at December 31,
2002, a compared to $60,840,000 and $3,776,000, respectively, at December 31,
2001. As a percentage of net loans and leases these off-balance sheet items
represent 28.6%, and 33.1%, respectively.

Disclosure of Fair Value

         The Financial Accounting Standards Board (the "FASB"), Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards Number 107, Disclosures about Fair Value of
Financial Statements, requires the disclosure of fair value of most financial
instruments, whether recognized or not recognized in the financial statements.
The intent of presenting the fair values of financial instruments is to depict
the market's assessment of the present value of net future cash flows discounted
to reflect both current interest rates and the market's assessment of the risk
that the cash flows will not occur.

         In determining fair values, the Company used the carrying amount for
cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, servicing receivable, accrued
interest receivable and accrued interest payable as all of these instruments are
short term in nature. Securities are reflected at quoted market values. Loans
and deposits have a long term time horizon which required more complex
calculations for fair value determination. Loans are grouped into homogeneous
categories and broken down between fixed and variable rate instruments. Loans
with a variable rate, which reprice immediately, are valued at carrying value.
The fair value of fixed rate instruments is estimated by discounting the future
cash flows using current rates. Credit risk and repricing risk factors are
included in the current rates. Fair value for nonaccrual loans is reported at
carrying value and is included in the net loan total. Since the allowance for
loan losses exceeds any potential adjustment for nonaccrual valuation, no
further valuation adjustment has been made.

         Demand deposits, savings and certain money market accounts are short
term in nature so the carrying value equals the fair value. For certificates of
deposit, the fair value is estimated by discounting the future cash payments
using the rates currently offered for deposits of similar remaining maturities.

         The change in the calculated fair value percentage relates to the loan
and investment categories and is principally the result of changes in interest
rates during the year. See "American River Holdings and Subsidiaries Financial
Statements--Note 18, Disclosures About Fair Value of Financial Instruments".

Accounting Pronouncements

         In October 2002, the FASB issued SFAS No. 147, Acquisitions of Certain
Financial Institutions. This statement, which addresses financial accounting and
reporting matters for the acquisition of all or part of a financial institution,
applies to all such transactions except those between two or more mutual
enterprises. This Statement removes acquisitions of financial institutions,
other than transactions between two or more mutual enterprises, from the scope
of SFAS No. 72, Accounting for Certain Acquisitions of Banking or Thrift
Institutions, and related interpretations. This Statement requires a financial
institution to apply SFAS No. 144 and evaluate long-term customer relationship
intangible assets (core deposit intangible) for impairment. Under SFAS No. 72, a

                                       34
<PAGE>

financial institution may have recorded an unidentifiable intangible asset
arising from a business combination. If certain criteria in SFAS No. 147 are
met, the amount of the unidentifiable intangible asset will be reclassified to
goodwill upon adoption of this Statement and any amortization amounts that were
incurred after the adoption of SFAS No. 142 must be reversed. Reclassified
goodwill would then be measured for impairment under the provisions of SFAS No.
142. Provisions of this statement are applicable on or after October 1, 2002. In
management's opinion, the adoption of this Statement did not have a material
effect on the Company's consolidates financial position or results of
operations.

         In December 2002, the FASB issued SFAS No. 148, Accounting for
Stock-Based Compensation--Transition and Disclosure--an amendment of SFAS
Statement No. 123. This Statement amends SFAS No. 123, Accounting for
Stock-Based Compensation, to provide alternative methods of transition for a
voluntary change to the fair value based method of accounting for stock-based
employee compensation. In addition, this Statement amends the disclosure
requirements of SFAS No. 123 to require prominent disclosures in both annual and
interim financial statements about the method of accounting for stock-based
employee compensation and the effect of the method used on reported results. The
transition guidance and annual disclosure provisions of SFAS No. 148 are
effective for fiscal years ending after December 15, 2002. The interim
disclosure provisions are effective for financial reporting containing financial
statements for interim periods beginning after December 15, 2002. Because the
Company accounts for the compensation cost associated with its stock option plan
under the intrinsic value method, the alternative methods of transition will not
apply to the Company. The additional disclosure requirements of the Statement
are included in these consolidated financial statements. In management's
opinion, the adoption of this Statement did not have a material impact on the
Company's consolidated financial position or results of operations.

Other Matters

         Effects of Terrorism. The terrorist actions on September 11, 2001 and
thereafter and potential military conflicts have had significant adverse effects
upon the United States economy. Whether the terrorist activities in the future
and the actions of the United States and its allies in combating terrorism on a
worldwide basis will adversely impact the Company and the extent of such impact
is uncertain. However, such events have had and may continue to have an adverse
effect on the economy in the Company's market areas. Such continued economic
deterioration could adversely affect the Company's future results of operations
by, among other matters, reducing the demand for loans and other products and
services offered by the Company, increasing nonperforming loans and the amounts
reserved for loan and lease losses, and causing a decline in the Company's stock
price.

         Website Access. American River Holdings maintains a website where
certain information about the Company is posted. Through the website, its annual
report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form
8-K, and amendments thereto are available as soon as reasonably practicable
after such material is electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. These
reports are free of charge and can be accessed through the address
www.amrb.com/financial.html by clicking on the SEC Filings link located at that
address.

ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

The information required by Item 7A of Form 10-K is contained in the "Market
Risk Management" section of Item 7-"Management's Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations" on pages 27-29.

                                       35
<PAGE>

ITEM 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                           Page

Independent Auditor's Report                                               37

Consolidated Balance Sheet, December 31, 2002 and 2001                     38

Consolidated Statement of Income for the Years Ended
   December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000                                        39

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders' Equity
   for the Years Ended December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000                    40

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the Years Ended
   December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000                                        41-42

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                                 43-69


All schedules have been omitted since the required information is not present in
amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule or because the
information required is included in the Consolidated Financial Statements or
notes thereto.

                                       36
<PAGE>

                          INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT
                          ----------------------------



The Shareholders and Board of Directors
American River Holdings and Subsidiaries

         We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of American
River Holdings and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2002 and 2001 and the related
consolidated statements of income, changes in shareholders' equity and cash
flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2002.
These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated
financial statements based on our audits.

         We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally
accepted in the United States of America. Those standards require that we plan
and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit
includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and
disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

         In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above
present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of
American River Holdings and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2002 and 2001, and
the consolidated results of their operations and their consolidated cash flows
for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2002, in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America.


                                       /s/ Perry-Smith LLP



February 7, 2003

                                       37
<PAGE>

                       AMERICAN RIVER HOLDINGS AND SUBSIDIARIES

                              CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET

                              December 31, 2002 and 2001
                                (Dollars in thousands)


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                      2002       2001
                                                                    --------   --------

                             ASSETS

<S>                                                                 <C>        <C>
Cash and due from banks                                             $ 25,899   $ 20,342
Federal funds sold                                                                7,814
Interest-bearing deposits in banks                                     5,938      5,740
Investment securities (Note 3):
   Available for sale, at fair value                                  61,876     35,463
   Held to maturity, at amortized cost (fair value of $12,386 and
      $13,234 at December 31, 2002 and 2001, respectively)            12,185     13,109
Loans and leases, less allowance for loan and lease losses of
   $3,197 in 2002 and $2,614 in 2001 (Notes 4, 8, 9, 11 and 16)      229,008    195,026
Premises and equipment, net (Note 5)                                   1,665      1,903
FHLB and FRB stock                                                     1,562        340
Accounts receivable servicing receivables, net (Notes 6 and 14)        1,396      2,869
Accrued interest receivable and other assets                           3,034      3,953
                                                                    --------   --------

                                                                    $342,563   $286,559
                                                                    ========   ========

                         LIABILITIES AND
                      SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

Deposits:
   Noninterest bearing                                              $ 81,974   $ 67,740
   Interest-bearing (Note 7)                                         193,822    187,148
                                                                    --------   --------

            Total deposits                                           275,796    254,888

Short-term borrowings (Note 8)                                        30,550
Long-term debt (Note 9)                                                1,992      2,039
Accrued interest payable and other liabilities                         2,499      1,690
                                                                    --------   --------

            Total liabilities                                        310,837    258,617
                                                                    --------   --------

Commitments and contingencies (Note 11)

Shareholders' equity (Notes 12 and 13):
   Common stock - no par value; 20,000,000 shares authorized;
      issued and outstanding - 2,625,922 shares in 2002 and
      2,519,717 shares in 2001                                        16,064     14,167
   Retained earnings                                                  14,358     13,290
   Accumulated other comprehensive income (Notes 3 and 17)             1,304        485
                                                                    --------   --------

            Total shareholders' equity                                31,726     27,942
                                                                    --------   --------

                                                                    $342,563   $286,559
                                                                    ========   ========
</TABLE>


                     The accompanying notes are an integral
                part of these consolidated financial statements.

                                       38
<PAGE>
                         AMERICAN RIVER HOLDINGS AND SUBSIDIARIES

                             CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF INCOME

                   For the Years Ended December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000
                       (Dollars in thousands, except per share data)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                 2002      2001      2000
                                                               -------   -------   -------
<S>                                                            <C>       <C>       <C>
Interest income:
   Interest and fees on loans                                  $15,400   $17,883   $17,294
   Interest on Federal funds sold                                   80       202       353
   Interest on deposits in banks                                   267       342       409
   Interest and dividends on investment securities:
      Taxable                                                    2,359     1,871     2,643
      Exempt from Federal income taxes                             460       464       462
      Dividends                                                     19        81        66
                                                               -------   -------   -------

            Total interest income                               18,585    20,843    21,227
                                                               -------   -------   -------

Interest expense:
   Interest on deposits (Note 7)                                 3,168     6,042     7,330
   Interest on short-term borrowings (Note 8)                      220        97       183
   Interest on long-term debt (Note 9)                             124       127       129
                                                               -------   -------   -------

            Total interest expense                               3,512     6,266     7,642
                                                               -------   -------   -------

            Net interest income                                 15,073    14,577    13,585

Provision for loan and lease losses (Note 4)                       644       791       672
                                                               -------   -------   -------

            Net interest income after provision for loan
               and lease losses                                 14,429    13,786    12,913
                                                               -------   -------   -------

Noninterest income:
   Service charges                                                 563       562       602
   Gain on sale of available-for-sale investment securities,
      net (Note 3)                                                                      13
   Other income (Note 14)                                        1,760     1,803     1,568
                                                               -------   -------   -------

            Total noninterest income                             2,323     2,365     2,183
                                                               -------   -------   -------

Noninterest expense:
   Salaries and employee benefits (Notes 4 and 15)               5,595     5,334     4,961
   Occupancy (Notes 5 and 11)                                      840       810       757
   Furniture and equipment (Notes 5 and 11)                        620       564       461
   Other expense (Note 14)                                       2,334     2,794     3,150
                                                               -------   -------   -------

            Total noninterest expense                            9,389     9,502     9,329
                                                               -------   -------   -------

            Income before income taxes                           7,363     6,649     5,767

Income taxes (Note 10)                                           2,904     2,612     2,221
                                                               -------   -------   -------

            Net income                                         $ 4,459   $ 4,037   $ 3,546
                                                               =======   =======   =======


Basic earnings per share (Note 12)                             $  1.69   $  1.52   $  1.35
                                                               =======   =======   =======

Diluted earnings per share (Note 12)                           $  1.57   $  1.43   $  1.29
                                                               =======   =======   =======

Cash dividends per share of issued and outstanding common
   stock, adjusted for stock dividends                         $   .35   $   .26   $   .23
                                                               =======   =======   =======
</TABLE>


                     The accompanying notes are an integral
                part of these consolidated financial statements.

                                       39
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                         AMERICAN RIVER HOLDINGS AND SUBSIDIARIES

                                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

                                   For the Years Ended December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000
                                                  (Dollars in thousands)


                                                                                       Accum-
                                                                                       ulated
                                                                                        Other
                                                   Common Stock                        Compre-
                                             -----------------------                   hensive      Share-        Compre-
                                                                        Retained       Income      holders'       hensive
                                               Shares       Amount      Earnings       (Loss)       Equity        Income
                                             ----------   ----------   ----------    ----------   ----------    ----------

<S>                                           <C>         <C>          <C>           <C>          <C>           <C>
Balance, December 31, 1999                    2,248,679   $   10,438   $   10,467    $     (294)  $   20,611
Comprehensive income (Note 17):
  Net income                                                                3,546                      3,546    $    3,546
  Other comprehensive income, net of tax:
    Unrealized gains on available-for-sale
      investment securities                                                                 511          511           511
                                                                                                                ----------
        Total comprehensive income                                                                              $    4,057
                                                                                                                ==========


Cash dividends ($.23 per share)                                              (535)                      (535)
5% stock dividend                               113,742        1,596       (1,596)
Fractional shares redeemed                                                     (6)                        (6)
Stock options exercised                          32,737          286                                     286
                                             ----------   ----------   ----------    ----------   ----------

Balance, December 31, 2000                    2,395,158       12,320       11,876           217       24,413
Comprehensive income (Note 17):
  Net income                                                                4,037                      4,037    $    4,037
  Other comprehensive income, net of tax:
    Unrealized gains on available-for-sale
      investment securities                                                                 268          268           268
                                                                                                                ----------
        Total comprehensive income                                                                              $    4,305
                                                                                                                ==========

Cash dividends ($.26 per share)                                              (681)                      (681)
5% stock dividend                               120,531        1,935       (1,935)
Fractional shares redeemed                                                     (7)                        (7)
Stock options exercised                          26,566          265                                     247
Retirement of common stock (Note 12)            (22,538)        (353)                                   (335)
                                             ----------   ----------   ----------    ----------   ----------

Balance, December 31, 2001                    2,519,717       14,167       13,290           485       27,942

Comprehensive income (Note 17):
  Net income                                                                4,459                      4,459    $    4,459
  Other comprehensive income, net of tax:
    Unrealized gains on available-for-sale
      investment securities                                                                 819          819           819
                                                                                                                ----------
        Total comprehensive income                                                                              $    5,278
                                                                                                                ==========

Cash dividend ($.35 per share)                                               (914)                      (914)
5% stock dividend                               124,604        2,469       (2,469)
Fractional shares redeemed                                                     (8)                        (8)
Stock options exercised                          25,941          236                                     236
Retirement of common stock (Note 12)            (44,340)        (808)                                   (808)
                                             ----------   ----------   ----------    ----------   ----------

Balance, December 31, 2002                    2,625,922   $   16,064   $   14,358    $    1,304   $   31,726
                                             ==========   ==========   ==========    ==========   ==========
</TABLE>


                     The accompanying notes are an integral
                part of these consolidated financial statements.

                                       40
<PAGE>

                             AMERICAN RIVER HOLDINGS AND SUBSIDIARIES

                               CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

                       For the Years Ended December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000
                                      (Dollars in thousands)


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                     2002        2001        2000
                                                                   --------    --------    --------
<S>                                                                <C>         <C>         <C>
Cash flows from operating activities:
  Net income                                                       $  4,459    $  4,037    $  3,546
  Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash
    provided by operating activities:
      Provision for loan and lease losses                               644         791         672
      Increase (decrease) in deferred loan and lease origination
        fees, net                                                       158        (173)        178
      Net gain on the sale of available-for-sale investment
        securities                                                                              (13)
      Depreciation and amortization                                     464         439         359
      Amortization (accretion) of investment security premiums
        and discounts, net                                              394         (46)       (251)
      (Reduction in) provision for accounts receivable servicing
        receivable losses                                               (27)         10          30
      Gain on sale of other real estate                                 (13)
      Deferred tax provision                                           (304)       (179)       (289)
      Decrease (increase) in accrued interest receivable and
        other assets                                                    679        (180)       (336)
      Increase (decrease) in accrued interest payable
        and other liabilities                                           611        (678)        503
                                                                   --------    --------    --------

          Net cash provided by operating activities                   7,065       4,021       4,399
                                                                   --------    --------    --------

Cash flows from investing activities:
  Proceeds from the sale of available-for-sale investment
    securities                                                          252       1,979          20
  Proceeds from called available-for-sale investment
    securities                                                          250       1,500
  Proceeds from matured available-for-sale investment
    securities                                                       10,880       9,020      22,500
  Proceeds from called held-to-maturity investment
    securities                                                                                  155
  Proceeds from matured held-to-maturity investment
    securities                                                                    2,050       2,365
  Purchases of available-for-sale investment securities             (39,112)    (13,203)    (14,745)
  Purchases of held-to-maturity investment securities                (4,249)     (5,193)       (487)
  Proceeds from principal repayments for available-for-sale
    government guaranteed mortgage-backed securities                  2,399          92          65
  Proceeds from principal repayments for held-to-maturity
    government guaranteed mortgage-related securities                 5,050       3,378       1,918
  Net (increase) decrease in interest-bearing deposits in banks        (198)       (200)        780
  Net (increase )decrease in loans and leases                       (34,826)      5,023     (44,412)
  Net decrease (increase) in accounts receivable servicing
    receivables                                                       1,500         301      (1,128)
  Purchases of equipment                                               (222)       (629)       (799)
  Net (increase) decrease in FHLB and FRB stock                      (1,222)        (25)        554
  Proceeds from the sale of other real estate                            61
                                                                   --------    --------    --------

          Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities       (59,437)      4,093     (33,214)
                                                                   --------    --------    --------
</TABLE>


                                   (Continued)

                                       41
<PAGE>

                             AMERICAN RIVER HOLDINGS AND SUBSIDIARIES

                               CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                            (Continued)
                       For the Years Ended December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000
                                      (Dollars in thousands)


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                     2002        2001        2000
                                                                   --------    --------    --------
<S>                                                                <C>         <C>         <C>
Cash flows from financing activities:
  Net increase in demand, interest-bearing and savings
    deposits                                                       $ 24,691    $  7,764    $ 18,174
  Net (decrease) increase in time deposits                           (3,783)      7,812      (1,939)
  Repayment of long-term debt                                           (47)        (45)        (41)
  Increase (decrease) in short-term borrowings                       30,550     (15,990)     14,990
  Exercise of stock options                                             236         247         286
  Cash paid to repurchase common stock                                 (808)       (335)
  Payment of cash dividends                                            (716)       (640)       (438)
  Cash paid for fractional shares in connection with stock
    dividends                                                            (8)         (7)         (6)
                                                                   --------    --------    --------

          Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities        50,115      (1,194)     31,026
                                                                   --------    --------    --------

          (Decrease) increase in cash and cash
            equivalents                                              (2,257)      6,920       2,211

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                       28,156      21,236      19,025
                                                                   --------    --------    --------

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                           $ 25,899    $ 28,156    $ 21,236
                                                                   ========    ========    ========

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:
  Cash paid during the year for:
    Interest expense                                               $  3,473    $  6,299    $  7,599
    Income taxes                                                   $  2,753    $  2,954    $  2,279

Non-cash investing activities:
  Net change in unrealized gain on available-for-sale
    investment securities                                          $  1,353    $    446    $    824
  Transfer of corporate debt securities from the held-to-
    maturity category to the available-for-sale category                       $  3,089
  Other real estate acquired                                       $     48

Non-cash financing activities:
  Dividends declared and unpaid                                    $    551    $    353    $    312
</TABLE>


                     The accompanying notes are an integral
                       part of these financial statements.

                                       42
<PAGE>

                    AMERICAN RIVER HOLDINGS AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


1.       THE BUSINESS OF THE COMPANY

         American River Holdings (the "Company") was incorporated under the laws
         of the State of California in 1995. As a bank holding company, the
         Company is authorized to engage in the activities permitted under the
         Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, and regulations
         thereunder.

         The Company's wholly-owned subsidiaries include American River Bank
         (ARB), First Source Capital, and North Coast Bank (NCB). ARB was
         incorporated in 1983. ARB accepts checking and savings deposits, offers
         money market deposit accounts and certificates of deposit, makes
         secured and unsecured commercial, secured real estate, and other
         installment and term loans and offers other customary banking services.
         ARB operates four banking offices in Sacramento, Placer, El Dorado and
         Yolo counties.

         First Source Capital was formed in July 1999 to conduct lease financing
         activities for most types of business assets. First Source Capital acts
         as a lease broker and receives a fee for each lease recorded on the
         books of the party acting as the funding source.

         On October 25, 2000, the Company completed a merger with NCB by
         exchanging 486,685 shares of its common stock (after adjustment for
         fractional shares) for all of the common stock of NCB. Each share of
         NCB was exchanged for .9644 of a share of the Company. In addition, NCB
         stock options were converted at the same exchange ratio into options to
         purchase 154,278 shares of the Company's common stock. The business
         combination was accounted for on a pooling-of-interests basis. NCB's
         net income for the period ended October 25, 2000 (unaudited) was
         $420,000. NCB is a national banking association, organized in 1990 with
         its headquarters in Santa Rosa, California. NCB operates three full
         service banking offices within its primary service areas of Sonoma
         County, in the cities of Healdsburg, Santa Rosa and Windsor. NCB's
         primary business is serving the business and commercial banking needs
         of small to mid-sized businesses within Sonoma, Napa, Marin and
         Mendocino counties.

         The deposits of both ARB and NCB are insured by the Federal Deposit
         Insurance Corporation (the "FDIC") up to applicable legal limits.
         Neither bank offers trust services or international banking services
         and does not plan to do so in the near future.

2.       SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

         General
         -------

         The accounting and reporting policies of the Company and its
         subsidiaries conform with accounting principles generally accepted in
         the United States of America and prevailing practices within the
         financial services industry.

         Reclassifications
         -----------------

         Certain reclassifications have been made to prior years' balances to
         conform to classifications used in 2002.

         Principles of Consolidation
         ---------------------------

         The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the
         Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All material intercompany
         transactions and accounts have been eliminated in consolidation.

         Use of Estimates
         ----------------

         The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with
         generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make
         estimates and assumptions. These estimates and assumptions affect the
         reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the
         consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues
         and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ
         from these estimates.

                                       43
<PAGE>

                    AMERICAN RIVER HOLDINGS AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)


2.       SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

         Cash Equivalents
         ----------------

         For the purpose of the statement of cash flows, cash and due from banks
         and Federal funds sold are considered to be cash equivalents.
         Generally, Federal funds are sold for one day periods.

         Investment Securities
         ---------------------

         Investments are classified into the following categories:

                  o        Available-for-sale securities, reported at fair
                           value, with unrealized gains and losses excluded from
                           earnings and reported, net of taxes, as accumulated
                           other comprehensive income (loss) within
                           shareholders' equity.

                  o        Held-to-maturity securities, which management has the
                           positive intent and ability to hold, reported at
                           amortized cost, adjusted for the accretion of
                           discounts and amortization of premiums.

         Management determines the appropriate classification of its investments
         at the time of purchase and may only change the classification in
         certain limited circumstances. All transfers between categories are
         accounted for at fair value.

         Gains or losses on the sale of investment securities are computed on
         the specific identification method. Interest earned on investment
         securities is reported in interest income, net of applicable
         adjustments for accretion of discounts and amortization of premiums. In
         addition, unrealized losses that are other than temporary are
         recognized in earnings for all investments.

         Loans and Leases
         ----------------

         Loans and leases are stated at principal balances outstanding. Interest
         is accrued daily based upon outstanding loan and lease balances.
         However, when, in the opinion of management, loans and leases are
         considered to be impaired and the future collectibility of interest and
         principal is in serious doubt, loans and leases are placed on
         nonaccrual status and the accrual of interest income is suspended. Any
         interest accrued but unpaid is charged against income. Payments
         received are applied to reduce principal to the extent necessary to
         ensure collection. Subsequent payments on these loans and leases, or
         payments received on nonaccrual loans or leases for which the ultimate
         collectibility of principal is not in doubt, are applied first to
         earned but unpaid interest and then to principal.

         A loan or lease is considered impaired when, based on current
         information and events, it is probable that the Company will be unable
         to collect all amounts due (including both principal and interest) in
         accordance with the contractual terms of the loan or lease agreement.
         An impaired loan or lease is measured based on the present value of
         expected future cash flows discounted at the instrument's effective
         interest rate or, as a practical matter, at the instrument's observable
         market price or the fair value of collateral if the loan or lease is
         collateral dependent.

         Loan and lease origination fees, commitment fees, direct loan and lease
         origination costs and purchase premiums and discounts on loans and
         leases are deferred and recognized as an adjustment of yield, to be
         amortized to interest income over the contractual term of the loan or
         lease. The unamortized balance of deferred fees and costs is reported
         as a component of net loans and leases.

                                       44
<PAGE>

                    AMERICAN RIVER HOLDINGS AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)


2.       SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

         Loan Sales and Servicing
         ------------------------

         Included in the portfolio are Small Business Administration (SBA) and
         Farmer Mac guaranteed loans that may be sold in the secondary market.
         Loans held for sale are carried at the lower of cost or market value.
         Market value is determined by the specific identification method as of
         the balance sheet date or the date that the purchasers have committed
         to purchase the loans. At the time the loan is sold, the related right
         to service the loan is either retained, with the Company earning future
         servicing income, or released in exchange for a one-time
         servicing-released premium. A portion of this premium may be required
         to be refunded if the borrower defaults or the loan prepays within
         ninety days of the settlement date. However, there were no sales of
         loans subject to these recourse provisions at December 31, 2002, 2001
         and 2000. Loans subsequently transferred to the loan portfolio are
         transferred at the lower of cost or market value at the date of
         transfer. Any difference between the carrying amount of the loan and
         its outstanding principal balance is recognized as an adjustment to
         yield by the interest method. There were no loans held for sale at
         December 31, 2002 and 2001.

         SBA and Farmer Mac loans with unpaid balances of $3,970,000 and
         $4,129,000 were being serviced for others as of December 31, 2002 and
         2001, respectively. The Company also serviced loans that are
         participated with other financial institutions totaling $8,102,000, and
         $7,316,000 as of December 31, 2002 and 2001, respectively. In addition,
         the Company serviced loans originated by others totaling $27,732,000 as
         of December 31, 2001. The Company did not service any loans originated
         for others at December 31, 2002.

         Servicing rights acquired through 1) a purchase or 2) the origination
         of loans which are sold or securitized with servicing rights retained
         are recognized as separate assets or liabilities. Servicing assets or
         liabilities are recorded at the difference between the contractual
         servicing fees and adequate compensation for performing the servicing,
         and are subsequently amortized in proportion to and over the period of
         the related net servicing income or expense. Servicing assets are
         periodically evaluated for impairment. Servicing assets were not
         considered material for disclosure purposes.

         Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses
         -----------------------------------

         The allowance for loan and lease losses is maintained to provide for
         possible losses related to impaired loans and leases and other losses
         on loans and leases identified by management as doubtful, substandard
         and special mention, as well as losses that can be expected to occur in
         the normal course of business related to currently performing loans and
         leases. The determination of the allowance is based on estimates made
         by management, to include consideration of the character of the loan
         and lease portfolio including concentrations, types of lending,
         specifically identified problem loans and leases, inherent risk of loss
         in the portfolio taken as a whole and economic conditions in the
         Company's service areas.

         Commercial and real estate loans and leases determined to be impaired
         or classified are individually evaluated by management for specific
         risk of loss. In addition, reserve factors are assigned to currently
         performing loans and leases based on management's assessment of the
         following for each identified loan and lease type: (1) inherent credit
         risk, (2) historical losses and, (3) where the Company has not
         experienced losses, the loss experience of peer banks. Management also
         computes specific and expected loss reserves for loan and lease
         commitments. Finally, a residual component is maintained to cover the
         margin of imprecision inherent in the assumptions used to estimate
         losses. These estimates are particularly susceptible to changes in the
         economic environment and market conditions.

         The Company's Loan Committee reviews the adequacy of the allowance for
         loan and lease losses at least quarterly, to include consideration of
         the relative risks in the portfolio and current economic conditions.
         The allowance is adjusted based on that review if, in the judgment of
         the Loan Committee and management, changes are warranted.

                                       45
<PAGE>

                    AMERICAN RIVER HOLDINGS AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)


2.       SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

         Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses (Continued)
         -----------------------------------

         The allowance is established through a provision for loan and lease
         losses which is charged to expense. Additions to the allowance are
         expected to maintain the adequacy of the total allowance after credit
         losses and loan growth. The allowance for loan and lease losses at
         December 31, 2002 and 2001, respectively, reflect management's estimate
         of possible losses in the portfolio.

         Other Real Estate
         -----------------

         Other real estate includes real estate acquired in full or partial
         settlement of loan obligations. When property is acquired, any excess
         of the recorded investment in the loan balance and accrued interest
         income over the estimated fair market value of the property is charged
         against the allowance for loan and lease losses. A valuation allowance
         for losses on other real estate is maintained to provide for temporary
         declines in value. The allowance is established through a provision for
         losses on other real estate which is included in other expenses.
         Subsequent gains or losses on sales or writedowns resulting from
         permanent impairments are recorded in other income or expense as
         incurred. There was no other real estate held by the Company at
         December 31, 2002 and 2001.

         Premises and Equipment
         ----------------------

         Premises and equipment are carried at cost. Depreciation is determined
         using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the
         related assets. The useful life of building and improvements is forty
         years. The useful lives of furniture, fixtures and equipment are
         estimated to be three to ten years. Leasehold improvements are
         amortized over the life of the asset or the term of the related lease,
         whichever is shorter. When assets are sold or otherwise disposed of,
         the cost and related accumulated depreciation or amortization are
         removed from the accounts, and any resulting gain or loss is recognized
         in income for the period. The cost of maintenance and repairs is
         charged to expense as incurred.

         Income Taxes
         ------------

         The Company files its income taxes on a consolidated basis with its
         subsidiaries. The allocation of income tax expense (benefit) represents
         each entity's proportionate share of the consolidated provision for
         income taxes.

         The Company accounts for income taxes using the liability or balance
         sheet method, under which deferred tax assets and liabilities are
         recognized for the tax consequences of temporary differences between
         the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax bases.
         Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of
         changes in tax laws and rates on the date of enactment. On the balance
         sheet, net deferred tax assets are included in accrued interest
         receivable and other assets.

         Earnings Per Share
         ------------------

         Basic earnings per share (EPS), which excludes dilution, is computed by
         dividing income available to common shareholders by the
         weighted-average number of common shares outstanding for the period.
         Diluted EPS reflects the potential dilution that could occur if
         securities or other contracts to issue common stock, such as stock
         options, result in the issuance of common stock which shares in the
         earnings of the Company. The treasury stock method has been applied to
         determine the dilutive effect of stock options in computing diluted
         EPS. Earnings per share is retroactively adjusted for stock splits and
         stock dividends for all periods presented. In addition, earnings per
         share have been restated on an equivalent share basis for all periods
         presented in connection with the merger previously noted.

                                       46
<PAGE>

                    AMERICAN RIVER HOLDINGS AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)


2.       SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

         Stock-Based Compensation
         ------------------------

         At December 31, 2002, the Company has two stock-based employee
         compensation plans, which are described more fully in Note 12. The
         Company accounts for these plans under the recognition and measurement
         principles of APB Opinion No. 25, Accounting for Stock Issued to
         Employees, and related Interpretations. No stock-based employee
         compensation cost is reflected in net income, as all options granted
         under these plans had an exercise price equal to the market value of
         the underlying common stock on the date of grant.

         Pro forma adjustments to the Company's consolidated net earnings and
         earnings per share are disclosed during the years in which the options
         become vested. The following table illustrates the effect on net income
         and earnings per share if the Company had applied the fair value
         recognition provisions of FASB Statement No. 123, Accounting for
         Stock-Based Compensation, to stock-based employee compensation.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                     Year Ended December 31,
                                                               -----------------------------------

                                                                 2002         2001         2000
                                                               ---------    ---------    ---------
                                                                  (Dollars in thousands, except
                                                                         per share data)

<S>                                                            <C>          <C>          <C>
         Net income, as reported                               $   4,459    $   4,037    $   3,546
         Deduct: Total stock-based employee compensation
           expense determined under the fair value based
           method for all awards, net of related tax effects        (174)        (126)        (189)
                                                               ---------    ---------    ---------

         Pro forma net income                                  $   4,285    $   3,911    $   3,357
                                                               =========    =========    =========

         Basic earnings per share - as reported                $    1.69    $    1.52    $    1.35
         Basic earnings per share - pro forma                  $    1.62    $    1.47    $    1.28

         Diluted earnings per share - as reported              $    1.57    $    1.43    $    1.29
         Diluted earnings per share - pro forma                $    1.52    $    1.38    $    1.22
</TABLE>


         The fair value of each option is estimated on the date of grant using
         an option-pricing model. No options were granted for the years ended
         December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000.

                                       47
<PAGE>

                    AMERICAN RIVER HOLDINGS AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)


2.       SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

         Impact of New Financial Accounting Standards
         --------------------------------------------

         In October 2002, the FASB issued SFAS No. 147, Acquisitions of Certain
         Financial Institutions. This statement, which addresses financial
         accounting and reporting matters for the acquisition of all or part of
         a financial institution, applies to all such transactions except those
         between two or more mutual enterprises. This Statement removes
         acquisitions of financial institutions, other than transactions between
         two or more mutual enterprises, from the scope of SFAS No. 72,
         Accounting for Certain Acquisitions of Banking or Thrift Institutions,
         and related interpretations. This Statement requires a financial
         institution to apply SFAS No. 144 and evaluate long-term customer
         relationship intangible assets (core deposit intangible) for
         impairment. Under SFAS No. 72, a financial institution may have
         recorded an unidentifiable intangible asset arising from a business
         combination. If certain criteria in SFAS No. 147 are met, the amount of
         the unidentifiable intangible asset will be reclassified to goodwill
         upon adoption of this Statement and any amortization amounts that were
         incurred after the adoption of SFAS No. 142 must be reversed.
         Reclassified goodwill would then be measured for impairment under the
         provisions of SFAS No. 142. Provisions of this statement are applicable
         on or after October 1, 2002. In management's opinion, the adoption of
         this Statement did not have a material effect on the Company's
         consolidated financial position or results of operations.

         In December 2002, the FASB issued SFAS No. 148, Accounting for
         Stock-Based Compensation--Transition and Disclosure--an amendment of
         SFAS Statement No. 123. This Statement amends SFAS No. 123, Accounting
         for Stock-Based Compensation, to provide alternative methods of
         transition for a voluntary change to the fair value based method of
         accounting for stock-based employee compensation. In addition, this
         Statement amends the disclosure requirements of SFAS No. 123 to require
         prominent disclosures in both annual and interim financial statements
         about the method of accounting for stock-based employee compensation
         and the effect of the method used on reported results. The transition
         guidance and annual disclosure provisions of SFAS No. 148 are effective
         for fiscal years ending after December 15, 2002. The interim disclosure
         provisions are effective for financial reporting containing financial
         statements for interim periods beginning after December 15, 2002.
         Because the Company accounts for the compensation cost associated with
         its stock option plan under the intrinsic value method, the alternative
         methods of transition will not apply to the Company. The additional
         disclosure requirements of the Statement are included in these
         consolidated financial statements. In management's opinion, the
         adoption of this Statement did not have a material impact on the
         Company's consolidated financial position or results of operations.

                                       48
<PAGE>

                    AMERICAN RIVER HOLDINGS AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)


3.       INVESTMENT SECURITIES

         The amortized cost and estimated market value of investment securities
         at December 31, 2002 and 2001 consisted of the following (dollars in
         thousands):

         Available-for-Sale:
         -------------------

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            2002
                                        ---------------------------------------------
                                                      Gross       Gross     Estimated
                                        Amortized   Unrealized  Unrealized    Market
                                           Cost       Gains       Losses      Value
                                        ---------   ---------   ---------   ---------

<S>                                     <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>
         U.S. Government agencies       $  19,735   $     832               $  20,567
         U.S. Government guaranteed
           mortgage-backed securities      28,792         490   $      (2)     29,280
         Obligations of states and
           political subdivisions           9,822         786                  10,608
         Corporate debt securities          1,045          25                   1,070
         Corporate stock                      333          19          (1)        351
                                        ---------   ---------   ---------   ---------

                                        $  59,727   $   2,152   $      (3)  $  61,876
                                        =========   =========   =========   =========
</TABLE>

         Net unrealized gains on available-for-sale investment securities
         totaling $2,149,000 were recorded, net of $845,000 in tax liabilities,
         as accumulated other comprehensive income within shareholders' equity
         at December 31, 2002. Proceeds from the sale of available-for-sale
         investment securities for the year ended December 31, 2002 totaled
         $252,000. No gains or losses were recognized.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            2001
                                        ---------------------------------------------
                                                      Gross       Gross     Estimated
                                        Amortized   Unrealized  Unrealized    Market
                                           Cost       Gains       Losses      Value
                                        ---------   ---------   ---------   ---------

<S>                                     <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>
         U.S. Government agencies       $  18,050   $     465   $     (12)  $  18,503
         U.S. Government guaranteed
           mortgage-backed securities       1,108           2          (6)      1,104
         Obligations of states and
           political subdivisions           9,624         343         (27)      9,940
         Corporate debt securities          2,309          30         (10)      2,329
         Corporate stock                      583          20          (9)        594
         Commercial paper                   2,993                               2,993
                                        ---------   ---------   ---------   ---------

                                        $  34,667   $     860   $     (64)  $  35,463
                                        =========   =========   =========   =========
</TABLE>

         Net unrealized gains on available-for-sale investment securities
         totaling $796,000 were recorded, net of $311,000 in tax liabilities, as
         accumulated other comprehensive income within shareholders' equity at
         December 31, 2001. Proceeds from the sale of available-for-sale
         investment securities for the year ended December 31, 2001 totaled
         $1,979,000. No gains or losses were recognized. Proceeds and gross
         realized gains from the sale of available-for-sale investment
         securities for the year ended December 31, 2000 totaled $20,000 and
         $13,000, respectively.

                                       49
<PAGE>

                    AMERICAN RIVER HOLDINGS AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)


3.       INVESTMENT SECURITIES (Continued)

         Held-to-Maturity:
         ----------------

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            2002
                                        ---------------------------------------------
                                                      Gross       Gross     Estimated
                                        Amortized   Unrealized  Unrealized    Market
                                           Cost       Gains       Losses      Value
                                        ---------   ---------   ---------   ---------

<S>                                     <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>
         Obligations of states and
           political subdivisions       $   1,333   $      37               $   1,370
         Government guaranteed
           mortgage-backed securities      10,852         170   $      (6)     11,016
                                        ---------   ---------   ---------   ---------

                                        $  12,185   $     207   $      (6)  $  12,386
                                        =========   =========   =========   =========
</TABLE>


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            2001
                                        ---------------------------------------------
                                                      Gross       Gross     Estimated
                                        Amortized   Unrealized  Unrealized    Market
                                           Cost       Gains       Losses      Value
                                        ---------   ---------   ---------   ---------

<S>                                     <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>
         Obligations of states and
           political subdivisions       $   1,339   $      51               $   1,390
         Government guaranteed
           mortgage-backed securities      11,762         169   $     (95)     11,836
         SBA loan pools                         8                                   8
                                        ---------   ---------   ---------   ---------

                                        $  13,109   $     220   $     (95)  $  13,234
                                        =========   =========   =========   =========
</TABLE>

         On January 1, 2001, all corporate debt securities were transferred from
         the held-to-maturity category to the available-for-sale category upon
         the adoption of SFAS No. 133, Accounting for Derivative Instruments and
         Hedging Activities, issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board.
         The amortized cost and market value of the transferred securities on
         the date of the transfer were $3,089,000 and $3,100,000, respectively.
         Accordingly, unrealized gains of $11,000 were recorded, net of $4,000
         in tax liabilities, as accumulated other comprehensive income within
         shareholders' equity. There were no sales or other transfers of
         held-to-maturity investment securities for the years ended December 31,
         2002, 2001 and 2000.

                                       50
<PAGE>

                    AMERICAN RIVER HOLDINGS AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)


3.       INVESTMENT SECURITIES (Continued)

         The amortized cost and estimated market value of investment securities
         at December 31, 2002 by contractual maturity are shown below. Expected
         maturities will differ from contractual maturities because the issuers
         of the securities may have the right to call or prepay obligations with
         or without call or prepayment penalties.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                               Available-for-Sale       Held-to-Maturity
                                              ---------------------   ---------------------
                                                          Estimated               Estimated
                                              Amortized     Market    Amortized     Market
                                                 Cost       Value        Cost       Value
                                              ---------   ---------   ---------   ---------
<S>                                           <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>
         (Dollars in thousands)
         Within one year                      $   5,833   $   5,941   $   1,133   $   1,159
         After one year through five years       16,734      17,615         200         211
         After five years through ten years       2,974       3,215
         After ten years                          5,061       5,474
                                              ---------   ---------   ---------   ---------

                                                 30,602      32,245       1,333       1,370

         Investment securities not due at
           a single maturity date:
             Government guaranteed
               mortgage-backed securities        28,792      29,280      10,852      11,016
             Corporate stock                        333         351
                                              ---------   ---------   ---------   ---------

                                              $  59,727   $  61,876   $  12,185   $  12,386
                                              =========   =========   =========   =========
</TABLE>

         Investment securities with amortized cost totaling $35,005,000 and
         10,654,000 and market value totaling $35,277,000 and $10,931,000 were
         pledged to secure treasury tax and loan accounts, State Treasury funds
         on deposit and short-term borrowing arrangements at December 31, 2002
         and 2001, respectively.

4.       LOANS AND LEASES

         Outstanding loans and leases are summarized as follows (dollars in
         thousands):

                                                              December 31,
                                                         ----------------------

                                                            2002         2001
                                                         ---------    ---------

         Real estate - commercial                        $ 127,550    $ 100,158
         Real estate - construction                         32,385       30,821
         Real estate - residential                           1,661        3,119
         Commercial                                         49,231       43,619
         Lease financing receivable                          6,766        2,499
         Agriculture                                         8,824       10,251
         Consumer                                            6,371        7,598
                                                         ---------    ---------

                                                           232,788      198,065

         Deferred loan and lease origination fees, net        (583)        (425)
         Allowance for loan and lease losses                (3,197)      (2,614)
                                                         ---------    ---------

                                                         $ 229,008    $ 195,026
                                                         =========    =========

         Certain loans have been pledged to secure borrowing arrangements (see
         Notes 8 and 9).

                                       51
<PAGE>

                    AMERICAN RIVER HOLDINGS AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)


4.       LOANS AND LEASES (Continued)

         Changes in the allowance for loan and lease losses were as follows
         (dollars in thousands):

                                                    Year Ended December 31,
                                               --------------------------------

                                                 2002        2001        2000
                                               --------    --------    --------

         Balance, beginning of year            $  2,614    $  2,454    $  2,062
         Provision charged to operations            644         791         672
         Losses charged to allowance               (151)       (711)       (266)
         Amounts transferred to accounts
            receivable servicing receivables
            valuation reserve (Note 6)                                      (41)
         Recoveries                                  90          80          27
                                               --------    --------    --------

                  Balance, end of year         $  3,197    $  2,614    $  2,454
                                               ========    ========    ========

         At December 31, 2002 and 2001, nonaccrual loans and leases totaled
         $204,000 and $856,000, respectively. Interest foregone on nonaccrual
         loans for the years ended December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000 was not
         material.

         The recorded investment in loans and leases that were considered to be
         impaired totaled $204,000 and $856,000 at December 31, 2002 and 2001,
         respectively. The related allowance for loan and lease losses for these
         loans and leases as determined under loan impairment standards at
         December 31, 2002 and 2001 was $51,000 and $263,000, respectively. The
         average recorded investment in impaired loans and leases for the years
         ended December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000 was $472,000, $733,000 and
         $128,000, respectively. Interest income recognized on impaired loans
         and leases using a cash-basis method for the years ended December 31,
         2002, 2001 and 2000 was not material.

         Salaries and employee benefits totaling $543,000, $483,000 and $530,000
         have been deferred as loan and lease origination costs for the years
         ended December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000, respectively.

5.       PREMISES AND EQUIPMENT

         Premises and equipment consisted of the following (dollars in
         thousands):

                                                               December 31,
                                                           --------------------

                                                             2002        2001
                                                           --------    --------

         Land                                              $    149    $    149
         Building and improvements                              213         213
         Furniture, fixtures and equipment                    4,053       3,954
         Leasehold improvements                                 783         765
                                                           --------    --------

                                                              5,198       5,081
                  Less accumulated depreciation
                     and amortization                        (3,533)     (3,178)
                                                           --------    --------

                                                           $  1,665    $  1,903
                                                           ========    ========

         Depreciation and amortization included in occupancy and furniture and
         equipment expenses totaled $464,000, $439,000 and $359,000 for the
         years ended December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000, respectively.

                                       52
<PAGE>

                    AMERICAN RIVER HOLDINGS AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)


6.       ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE SERVICING RECEIVABLES

         The Company purchases existing accounts receivable on a discounted
         basis from selected borrowers and assumes the related billing and
         collection responsibilities. Accounts receivable servicing fees
         included in other income totaled $294,000, $459,000 and $430,000 for
         the years ended December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000, respectively (see
         Note 14). The valuation allowance for these receivables is not
         significant.

7.       INTEREST-BEARING DEPOSITS

         Interest-bearing deposits consisted of the following (dollars in
         thousands):

                                                               December 31,
                                                         -----------------------

                                                           2002           2001
                                                         --------       --------

         Savings                                         $ 15,562       $ 12,951
         Money market                                      82,362         74,652
         NOW accounts                                      23,511         23,375
         Time, $100,000 or more                            46,363         44,897
         Other time                                        26,024         31,273
                                                         --------       --------

                                                         $193,822       $187,148
                                                         ========       ========

         Aggregate annual maturities of time deposits are as follows (dollars in
         thousands):

                  Year Ending
                  December 31,
                  ------------

                      2003                               $ 57,655
                      2004                                  8,379
                      2005                                  3,247
                      2006                                    675
                      2007                                  2,431
                                                         --------

                                                         $ 72,387
                                                         ========

         Interest expense recognized on interest-bearing deposits consisted of
         the following (dollars in thousands):

                                                      Year Ended December 31,
                                                  ------------------------------

                                                    2002       2001       2000
                                                  --------   --------   --------

         Savings                                  $     51   $    166   $    297
         Money market                                  901      1,849      2,587
         NOW accounts                                   38        115        247
         Time, $100,000 or more                      1,022      1,917      2,318
         Other time                                  1,156      1,995      1,881
                                                  --------   --------   --------

                                                  $  3,168   $  6,042   $  7,330
                                                  ========   ========   ========

                                       53
<PAGE>

                    AMERICAN RIVER HOLDINGS AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)


8.       SHORT-TERM BORROWING ARRANGEMENTS

         The Company has a total of $26,000,000 in unsecured short-term
         borrowing arrangements to purchase Federal funds with four of its
         correspondent banks. An advance totaling $6,550,000 was outstanding
         from one of its correspondent banks at December 31, 2002, bearing an
         interest rate of 1.75% and maturing on January 1, 2003. There were no
         borrowings outstanding under these arrangements at December 31, 2001.

         In addition, the Company has a line of credit available with the
         Federal Home Loan Bank which is secured by pledged mortgage loans (see
         Note 9) and investment securities (see Note 3). Borrowings may include
         overnight advances as well as loans with a term of up to thirty years.
         Advances totaling $24,000,000 were outstanding from the Federal Home
         Loan Bank at December 31, 2002, bearing interest rates ranging from
         1.57% to 1.87% and maturing between January 28, 2003 and October 30,
         2003. There were no short-term borrowings outstanding under this line
         of credit at December 31, 2001.

         The Company has also been issued a total of $1,833,000 in letters of
         credit by the Federal Home Loan Bank which have been pledged to secure
         Local Agency Deposits. The letters of credit act as a guarantee of
         payment to certain third parties in accordance with specified terms and
         conditions. The letters of credit were not drawn upon in 2002 and
         management does not expect to draw upon these lines in the future.

9.       LONG-TERM DEBT

         The Company can borrow up to $7,716,000 from the Federal Home Loan Bank
         on either a short-term or long-term basis, secured by qualifying
         mortgage loans with unpaid balances of $18,034,000 at December 31,
         2002. Long-term debt consisted of an advance from the Federal Home Loan
         Bank totaling $1,992,000 and $2,039,000 at December 31, 2002 and 2001,
         respectively, bearing a fixed interest rate of 6.13%, due in monthly
         installments of approximately $14,000, including principal and
         interest, with the final principal payment of $1,711,000 due December
         21, 2007.

         Future minimum principal payments on long-term debt are as follows
         (dollars in thousands):

                  Year Ending
                  December 31,
                  ------------

                      2003                               $     50
                      2004                                     54
                      2005                                     57
                      2006                                     60
                      2007                                  1,771
                                                         --------

                                                         $  1,992
                                                         ========

10.      INCOME TAXES

         The provision for income taxes for the years ended December 31, 2002,
         2001 and 2000 consisted of the following (dollars in thousands):

                                                Federal      State       Total
                                               --------    --------    --------
         2002
         ----

         Current                               $  2,388    $    820    $  3,208
         Deferred                                  (229)        (75)       (304)
                                               --------    --------    --------

                 Income tax expense            $  2,159    $    745    $  2,904
                                               ========    ========    ========

                                       54
<PAGE>

                    AMERICAN RIVER HOLDINGS AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)


10.      INCOME TAXES (Continued)

                                                Federal      State       Total
                                               --------    --------    --------
         2001
         ----

         Current                               $  2,000    $    791    $  2,791
         Deferred                                  (145)        (34)       (179)
                                               --------    --------    --------

                 Income tax expense            $  1,855    $    757    $  2,612
                                               ========    ========    ========

         2000
         ----

         Current                               $  1,854    $    656    $  2,510
         Deferred                                  (231)        (58)       (289)
                                               --------    --------    --------

                 Income tax expense            $  1,623    $    598    $  2,221
                                               ========    ========    ========

         Deferred tax assets (liabilities) consisted of the following (dollars
         in thousands):

                                                                 December 31,
                                                              -----------------

                                                                2002      2001
                                                              -------   -------
         Deferred tax assets:
            Allowance for loan losses                         $ 1,207   $   940
            Future benefit of State tax deduction                 280       244
            Deferred compensation                                 175       152
            Other                                                  27        23
                                                              -------   -------

                  Total deferred tax assets                     1,689     1,359
                                                              -------   -------

         Deferred tax liabilities:
            Discount on purchased loans                           (21)      (31)
            Future liability of State deferred tax assets        (110)      (84)
            Unrealized gain on available-for-sale investment
               securities                                        (845)     (311)
            Federal Home Loan Bank stock dividends                (36)      (26)
                                                              -------   -------

                  Total deferred tax liabilities               (1,012)     (452)
                                                              -------   -------

                  Net deferred tax assets                     $   677   $   907
                                                              =======   =======

         The provision for income taxes differs from amounts computed by
         applying the statutory Federal income tax rate of 34% to income before
         income taxes. The significant items comprising these differences
         consisted of the following:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                           Year Ended December 31,
                                                          -------------------------

                                                           2002      2001      2000
                                                          -----     -----     -----

<S>                                                        <C>       <C>       <C>
         Federal income tax statutory rate                 34.0%     34.0%     34.0%
         State franchise tax, net of Federal tax effect     6.8%      7.0%      7.3%
         Tax benefit of interest on obligations of
           states and political subdivisions               (2.1)%    (2.2)%    (2.4)%
         Other                                               .7%       .5%      (.4)%
                                                          -----     -----     -----

              Total income tax expense                     39.4%     39.3%     38.5%
                                                          =====     =====     =====
</TABLE>

                                       55
<PAGE>

                    AMERICAN RIVER HOLDINGS AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)


11.      COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

         Leases
         ------

         The Company leases branch facilities, administrative offices and
         various equipment under noncancelable operating leases which expire on
         various dates through the year 2009. Certain of the leases have five
         year renewal options. Two of the branch facilities are leased from
         members of the Company's Board of Directors (see Note 16).

         Future minimum lease payments are as follows (dollars in thousands):

                  Year Ending
                  December 31,
                  ------------

                      2003                               $    551
                      2004                                    562
                      2005                                    572
                      2006                                    547
                      2007                                    389
                   Thereafter                                 754
                                                         --------

                                                         $  3,375
                                                         ========

         Rental expense included in occupancy, furniture and equipment expense,
         net of related rental income, totaled $616,000, $631,000 and $564,000
         for the years ended December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000, respectively.

         Financial Instruments With Off-Balance-Sheet Risk
         -------------------------------------------------

         The Company is a party to financial instruments with off-balance-sheet
         risk in the normal course of business in order to meet the financing
         needs of its customers and to reduce its exposure to fluctuations in
         interest rates. These financial instruments consist of commitments to
         extend credit and letters of credit. These instruments involve, to
         varying degrees, elements of credit and interest rate risk in excess of
         the amount recognized on the balance sheet.

         The Company's exposure to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by
         the other party for commitments to extend credit and letters of credit
         is represented by the contractual amount of those instruments. The
         Company uses the same credit policies in making commitments and letters
         of credit as it does for loans included on the balance sheet.

                                       56
<PAGE>

                    AMERICAN RIVER HOLDINGS AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)


11.      COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Continued)

         Financial Instruments With Off-Balance-Sheet Risk (Continued)
         -------------------------------------------------

         The following financial instruments represent off-balance-sheet credit
         risk (dollars in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                         December 31,
                                                                     -------------------

                                                                       2002       2001
                                                                     --------   --------

<S>                                                                  <C>        <C>
         Commitments to extend credit:
            Revolving lines of credit secured by
               1-4 family residences                                 $  2,431   $  2,430
            Commercial real estate, construction and land
               development commitments:
                  Secured by real estate                               18,281     15,553
                  Not secured by real estate                            1,821      2,157
            Credit card arrangements                                      460        383
            Other unused commitments, principally commercial loans     38,721     40,317
                                                                     --------   --------

                                                                     $ 61,714   $ 60,840
                                                                     ========   ========

         Letters of credit                                           $  3,668   $  3,776
                                                                     ========   ========
</TABLE>

         Real estate commitments are generally secured by property with a
         loan-to-value ratio of 65% to 80%. In addition, the majority of the
         Company's commitments have variable interest rates.

         Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as
         long as there is no violation of any conditions established in the
         contract. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other
         termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. Since some of the
         commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total
         commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash
         requirements. Each client's creditworthiness is evaluated on a
         case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral obtained, if deemed
         necessary upon extension of credit, is based on management's credit
         evaluation of the borrower. Collateral held varies, but may include
         accounts receivable, inventory, equipment and deeds of trust on
         residential real estate and income-producing commercial properties.

         Letters of credit are conditional commitments issued to guarantee the
         performance or financial obligation of a client to a third party. The
         credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit is essentially the
         same as that involved in extending loans to clients.

         Significant Concentrations of Credit Risk
         -----------------------------------------

         The Company grants real estate mortgage, real estate construction,
         commercial, agricultural and consumer loans to clients throughout
         Sacramento, Placer, Yolo, El Dorado, Sonoma, Napa, Marin and Mendocino
         counties.

         In management's judgment, a concentration exists in real estate-related
         loans which represented approximately 70% and 69% of the Company's loan
         portfolio at December 31, 2002 and 2001, respectively. Although
         management believes such concentrations to have no more than the normal
         risk of collectibility, a substantial decline in the economy in
         general, or a decline in real estate values in the Company's primary
         market areas in particular, could have an adverse impact on
         collectibility of these loans. However, personal and business income
         represent the primary source of repayment for a majority of these
         loans.

                                       57
<PAGE>

                    AMERICAN RIVER HOLDINGS AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)


11.      COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Continued)

         Correspondent Banking Agreements
         --------------------------------

         The Company maintains funds on deposit with other federally insured
         financial institutions under correspondent banking agreements.
         Uninsured deposits totaled $3,519,000 at December 31, 2002.

         Federal Reserve Requirements
         ----------------------------

         Banks are required to maintain reserves with the Federal Reserve Bank
         equal to a percentage of their reservable deposits. Reserve balances
         held with the Federal Reserve Bank totaled $533,000 and $3,688,000 at
         December 31, 2002 and 2001, respectively.

         Contingencies
         -------------

         The Company is subject to legal proceedings and claims which arise in
         the ordinary course of business. In the opinion of management, the
         amount of ultimate liability with respect to such actions will not
         materially affect the financial position or results of operations of
         the Company.

12.      SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

         Earnings Per Share
         ------------------

         A reconciliation of the numerators and denominators of the basic and
         diluted earnings per share computations is as follows (dollars and
         amounts in thousands, except per share data):

                                                       Weighted
                                                       Average
                                                      Number of
                                              Net       Shares    Per-Share
                For the Year Ended           Income  Outstanding   Amount
         --------------------------------   --------   --------   --------

         December 31, 2002
         -----------------

         Basic earnings per share           $  4,459      2,634   $   1.69
                                                                  ========

         Effect of dilutive stock options                   199
                                            --------   --------

         Diluted earnings per share         $  4,459      2,833   $   1.57
                                            ========   ========   ========

         December 31, 2001
         -----------------

         Basic earnings per share           $  4,037      2,662   $   1.52
                                                                  ========

         Effect of dilutive stock options                   169
                                            --------   --------

         Diluted earnings per share         $  4,037      2,831   $   1.43
                                            ========   ========   ========

         December 31, 2000
         -----------------

         Basic earnings per share           $  3,546      2,620   $   1.35
                                                                  ========

         Effect of dilutive stock options                   135
                                            --------   --------

         Diluted earnings per share         $  3,546      2,755   $   1.29
                                            ========   ========   ========

                                       58
<PAGE>

                    AMERICAN RIVER HOLDINGS AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)


12.      SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY (Continued)

         Stock Option Plans
         ------------------

         In 2000 and 1995, the Board of Directors adopted stock option plans
         under which options may be granted to employees and directors under
         incentive and nonstatutory agreements. At December 31, 2002, grants
         outstanding combined with shares available for future grants totaled
         730,864 shares under these plans. The plans require that the option
         price may not be less than the fair market value of the stock at the
         date the option is granted. The purchase price of exercised options is
         payable in full in cash or shares of the Company's common stock owned
         by the optionee at the time the option is exercised. The options expire
         on dates determined by the Board of Directors, but not later than ten
         years from the date of grant. Options vest ratably over a five year
         period. Outstanding options under the 1995 plan are exercisable until
         their expiration; however, no new options will be granted under this
         plan.

         A summary of the combined activity within the plans follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                          2002                  2001                  2000
                                  -------------------   -------------------   -------------------

                                             Weighted              Weighted              Weighted
                                              Average               Average               Average
                                             Exercise              Exercise              Exercise
                                   Shares      Price     Shares      Price     Shares      Price
                                  --------   --------   --------   --------   --------   --------
<S>                                <C>       <C>         <C>       <C>         <C>       <C>
         Options outstanding,
           beginning of year       443,198   $   7.50    488,544   $   7.54    549,539   $   7.77

           Options granted
           Options exercised       (26,753)  $   6.87    (27,894)  $   6.72    (38,970)  $   6.40
           Options canceled                              (17,452)  $  15.35    (22,025)  $  14.62
                                  --------              --------              --------

         Options outstanding,
           end of year             416,445   $   7.47    443,198   $   7.50    488,544   $   7.54
                                  ========              ========              ========

         Options exercisable,
           end of year             391,516   $   7.21    374,004   $   6.91    345,297   $   6.52
                                  ========              ========              ========
</TABLE>

         A summary of options outstanding at December 31, 2002 follows:

                                       Number of      Weighted       Number of
                                        Options        Average        Options
                                      Outstanding     Remaining     Exercisable
                                      December 31,   Contractual    December 31,
         Range of Exercise Prices         2002           Life           2002
         ------------------------     ------------   ------------   ------------

         $   5.02                           40,256      3.8 years         40,256
         $   5.22                          180,911      2.6 years        180,911
         $   5.56                            6,970      1.2 years          6,970
         $   6.85                            6,610      3.0 years          6,610
         $   7.84                           44,107      7.0 years         34,055
         $   8.30                           47,596      5.7 years         47,596
         $   9.20                           28,141      4.4 years         28,141
         $  13.28                           11,576      6.9 years          6,946
         $  13.58                            9,116      6.0 years          7,293
         $  14.63                           41,162      5.7 years         32,738
                                      ------------                  ------------

                                           416,445                       391,516
                                      ============                  ============

                                       59
<PAGE>

                    AMERICAN RIVER HOLDINGS AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)


12.      SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY (Continued)

         Common Stock Repurchase Program
         -------------------------------

         During 1997, the Board of Directors authorized the annual repurchase of
         up to five percent of the Company's common stock in conjunction with
         recurring annual distributions of a five percent common stock dividend.
         Repurchases are generally made in the open market at market prices.

13.      REGULATORY MATTERS

         Dividends
         ---------

         Upon declaration by the Board of Directors of the Company, all
         shareholders of record will be entitled to receive dividends. Under
         applicable Federal laws, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency
         (the "OCC") restricts the total dividend payment of any national
         banking association in any calendar year to the net income of the year,
         as defined, combined with the net income for the two preceding years,
         less distributions made to shareholders during the same three-year
         period. In addition, the California Financial Code restricts the total
         dividend payment of any state banking association in any calendar year
         to the lesser of (1) the bank's retained earnings or (2) the bank's net
         income for its last three fiscal years, less distributions made to
         shareholders during the same three-year period. At December 31, 2002,
         the subsidiaries had $10,013,000 in retained earnings available for
         dividend payments to the Company.

         Regulatory Capital
         ------------------

         The Company and its banking subsidiaries are subject to certain
         regulatory capital requirements administered by the Board of Governors
         of the Federal Reserve System, the OCC and FDIC. Failure to meet these
         minimum capital requirements can initiate certain mandatory, and
         possibly additional discretionary, actions by regulators that, if
         undertaken, could have a direct material effect on the Company's
         consolidated financial statements. Under capital adequacy guidelines
         and the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action, the banking
         subsidiaries must meet specific capital guidelines that involve
         quantitative measures of their assets, liabilities and certain
         off-balance-sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting
         practices. The Company's and its banking subsidiaries' capital amounts
         and classification are also subject to qualitative judgments by the
         regulators about components, risk weightings and other factors.

         Quantitative measures established by regulation to ensure capital
         adequacy require the Company and its banking subsidiaries to maintain
         minimum amounts and ratios of total and Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted
         assets and of Tier 1 capital to average assets. Each of these
         components is defined in the regulations. Management believes that the
         Company and its banking subsidiaries met all their capital adequacy
         requirements as of December 31, 2002 and 2001.

                                       60
<PAGE>

                    AMERICAN RIVER HOLDINGS AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)


13.      REGULATORY MATTERS (Continued)

         Regulatory Capital (Continued)
         ------------------

         In addition, the most recent notifications from the OCC and FDIC
         categorized each of the banking subsidiaries as well capitalized under
         the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action. To be
         categorized as well capitalized, the banking subsidiaries must maintain
         minimum total risk-based, Tier 1 risk-based and Tier 1 leverage ratios
         as set forth below. There are no conditions or events since those
         notifications that management believes have changed the categories.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                              December 31,
                                                                  -----------------------------------

                                                                        2002               2001
                                                                  ----------------   ----------------

                                                                   Amount    Ratio    Amount    Ratio
                                                                  --------   -----   --------   -----
                                                                         (dollars in thousands)
         Leverage Ratio
         --------------

<S>                                                               <C>        <C>     <C>        <C>
         American River Holdings and Subsidiaries                 $ 30,350    9.8%   $ 27,380    9.8%
         Minimum regulatory requirement                           $ 12,328    4.0%   $ 11,139    4.0%

         American River Bank                                      $ 24,986   10.0%   $ 22,226   10.0%
         Minimum requirement for "Well-Capitalized" institution   $ 12,521    5.0%   $ 11,080    5.0%
         Minimum regulatory requirement                           $ 10,017    4.0%   $  8,864    4.0%

         North Coast Bank                                         $  5,168    9.0%   $  4,843    8.6%
         Minimum requirement for "Well-Capitalized" institution   $  2,861    5.0%   $  2,832    5.0%
         Minimum regulatory requirement                           $  2,289    4.0%   $  2,265    4.0%

         Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital Ratio
         -------------------------------

         American River Holdings and Subsidiaries                 $ 30,350   11.8%   $ 27,380   12.4%
         Minimum regulatory requirement                           $ 10,284    4.0%   $  8,827    4.0%

         American River Bank                                      $ 24,986   11.8%   $ 22,226   12.5%
         Minimum requirement for "Well-Capitalized" institution   $ 12,701    6.0%   $ 10,677    6.0%
         Minimum regulatory requirement                           $  8,467    4.0%   $  7,118    4.0%

         North Coast Bank                                         $  5,168   11.2%   $  4,843   11.5%
         Minimum requirement for "Well-Capitalized" institution   $  2,773    6.0%   $  2,535    6.0%
         Minimum regulatory requirement                           $  1,849    4.0%   $  1,690    4.0%

         Total Risk-Based Capital Ratio
         ------------------------------

         American River Holdings and Subsidiaries                 $ 33,547   13.0%   $ 29,994   13.6%
         Minimum regulatory requirement                           $ 20,568    8.0%   $ 17,653    8.0%

         American River Bank                                      $ 27,555   13.0%   $ 24,298   13.7%
         Minimum requirement for "Well-Capitalized" institution   $ 21,169   10.0%   $ 17,795   10.0%
         Minimum regulatory requirement                           $ 16,935    8.0%   $ 14,236    8.0%

         North Coast Bank                                         $  5,746   12.4%   $  5,371   12.7%
         Minimum requirement for "Well-Capitalized" institution   $  4,627   10.0%   $  4,225   10.0%
         Minimum regulatory requirement                           $  3,702    8.0%   $  3,380    8.0%
</TABLE>

                                       61
<PAGE>

                    AMERICAN RIVER HOLDINGS AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)


14.      OTHER NONINTEREST INCOME AND EXPENSE

         Other noninterest income consisted of the following (dollars in
         thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                           Year Ended December 31,
                                                       ------------------------------

                                                         2002       2001       2000
                                                       --------   --------   --------

<S>                                                    <C>        <C>        <C>
         Accounts receivable servicing fees (Note 6)   $    294   $    459   $    430
         Merchant fee income                                344        277        202
         Income from residential lending division           278        274        142
         Fees from lease brokerage services                 459        264        177
         Financial services income                           71         90        203
         Other                                              314        439        414
                                                       --------   --------   --------

                                                       $  1,760   $  1,803   $  1,568
                                                       ========   ========   ========
</TABLE>

         Noninterest expense consisted of the following (dollars in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                           Year Ended December 31,
                                                       ------------------------------

                                                         2002       2001       2000
                                                       --------   --------   --------

<S>                                                    <C>        <C>        <C>
         Professional fees                             $    262   $    411   $    296
         Outsourced item processing                         359        385        358
         Telephone and postage                              278        313        268
         Advertising and promotion                          200        275        295
         Stationery and supplies                            212        203        185
         Directors' compensation                            248        209        175
         Merger, NASDAQ listing and SEC
            registration expenses                                                 693
         Other operating expenses                           775        998        880
                                                       --------   --------   --------

                                                       $  2,334   $  2,794   $  3,150
                                                       ========   ========   ========
</TABLE>

15.      EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS

         American River Holdings 401(k) Plan
         -----------------------------------

         The American River Holdings 401(k) Plan commenced January 1, 1993 and
         is available to all employees. Under the plan, the Company will match
         50% of each participants' contribution up to a maximum of 6% of their
         annual compensation. Employer contributions vest at a rate of 20% per
         year over a five year period and totaled $109,000, $111,000 and $77,000
         for the years ended December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000, respectively.

         Employee Stock Purchase Plan
         ----------------------------

         The Company is the administrator of an Employee Stock Purchase Plan
         which allows employees to purchase the Company's stock at fair market
         value as of the date of purchase. The Company bears all costs of
         administering the Plan, including broker's fees, commissions, postage
         and other costs actually incurred.

                                       62
<PAGE>

                    AMERICAN RIVER HOLDINGS AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)


15.      EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS (Continued)

         American River Holdings Deferred Compensation Plan
         --------------------------------------------------

         The Company has established a Deferred Compensation Plan for certain
         members of the management group and a Deferred Fee Agreement for
         Directors for the purpose of providing the opportunity to participants
         to defer compensation. Participants of the management group, who are
         selected by a Committee designated by the Board of Directors, may elect
         to defer annually a minimum of $5,000 or a maximum of eighty percent of
         their base salary and all of their cash bonus. Directors may also elect
         to defer up to one hundred percent of their monthly fees. The Company
         bears all administration costs and funds the interest earned on
         participant deferrals at a rate based on U.S. Government Treasury
         rates. Deferred compensation, including interest earned, totaled
         $437,000, $351,000 and $195,000 at December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000,
         respectively.

16.      RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

         During the normal course of business, the Company enters into
         transactions with related parties, including Directors and affiliates.
         These transactions include borrowings from the Company with
         substantially the same terms, including rates and collateral, as loans
         to unrelated parties. The following is a summary of the aggregate
         activity involving related party borrowers during 2002 (dollars in
         thousands):

         Balance, January 1, 2002                                       $  3,789

            Disbursements                                                    493
            Amounts repaid                                                   190
                                                                        --------

         Balance, December 31, 2002                                     $  4,092
                                                                        ========

         Undisbursed commitments to related parties,
            December 31, 2002                                           $    819
                                                                        ========

         The Company also leases two branch facilities from members of the
         Company's Board of Directors. Rental payments to the Directors totaled
         $106,000, $105,000 and $105,000 for the years ended December 31, 2002,
         2001 and 2000, respectively.

17.      COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

         Comprehensive income is reported in addition to net income for all
         periods presented. Comprehensive income is a more inclusive financial
         reporting methodology that includes disclosure of other comprehensive
         income that historically has not been recognized in the calculation of
         net income. Unrealized gains and losses on the Company's
         available-for-sale investment securities are included in other
         comprehensive income. Total comprehensive income and the components of
         accumulated other comprehensive income or loss are presented in the
         Statement of Changes in Shareholders' Equity.

                                       63
<PAGE>

                    AMERICAN RIVER HOLDINGS AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)


17.      COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (Continued)

         At December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000, the Company held securities
         classified as available-for-sale which had unrealized gains as follows
         (dollars in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                      Before       Tax        After
                                                        Tax      Expense       Tax
                                                     --------   --------    --------

<S>                                                  <C>        <C>         <C>
         For the Year Ended December 31, 2002
         ------------------------------------

         Other comprehensive income:
             Unrealized holding gains                $  1,353   $   (534)   $    819
                                                     ========   ========    ========

         For the Year Ended December 31, 2001
         ------------------------------------

         Other comprehensive income:
             Unrealized holding gains                $    446   $   (178)   $    268
                                                     ========   ========    ========

         For the Year Ended December 31, 2000
         ------------------------------------

         Other comprehensive income:
             Unrealized holding gains                $    837   $   (318)   $    519
             Less: reclassification adjustment for
                 net gains included in net income          13         (5)          8
                                                     --------   --------    --------

                     Total other comprehensive
                         income                      $    824   $   (313)   $    511
                                                     ========   ========    ========
</TABLE>

18.      DISCLOSURES ABOUT FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

         Estimated fair values are disclosed for financial instruments for which
         it is practicable to estimate fair value. These estimates are made at a
         specific point in time based on relevant market data and information
         about the financial instruments. These estimates do not reflect any
         premium or discount that could result from offering the Company's
         entire holdings of a particular financial instrument for sale at one
         time, nor do they attempt to estimate the value of anticipated future
         business related to the instruments. In addition, the tax ramifications
         related to the realization of unrealized gains and losses can have a
         significant effect on fair value estimates and have not been considered
         in any of these estimates.

         Because no market exists for a significant portion of the Company's
         financial instruments, fair value estimates are based on judgments
         regarding current economic conditions, risk characteristics of various
         financial instruments and other factors. These estimates are subjective
         in nature and involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment
         and therefore cannot be determined with precision. Changes in
         assumptions could significantly affect the fair values presented.

         The following methods and assumptions were used by the Company to
         estimate the fair value of its financial instruments at December 31,
         2002 and 2001:

         Cash and cash equivalents and short-term borrowings: For cash and cash
         equivalents and short-term borrowings, the carrying amount is estimated
         to be fair value.

         Interest-bearing deposits in banks: The fair values of interest-bearing
         deposits in banks are estimated by discounting their future cash flows
         using rates at each reporting date for instruments with similar
         remaining maturities offered by comparable financial institutions.

                                       64
<PAGE>

                    AMERICAN RIVER HOLDINGS AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)


18.      DISCLOSURES ABOUT FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

         Investment securities: For investment securities, fair values are based
         on quoted market prices, where available. If quoted market prices are
         not available, fair values are estimated using quoted market prices for
         similar securities and indications of value provided by brokers.

         Loans and leases: For variable-rate loans and leases that reprice
         frequently with no significant change in credit risk, fair values are
         based on carrying values. The fair values for other loans and leases
         are estimated using discounted cash flow analyses, using interest rates
         being offered at each reporting date for loans and leases with similar
         terms to borrowers of comparable creditworthiness. The carrying amount
         of accrued interest receivable approximates its fair value.

         Accounts receivable servicing receivables: The carrying amount of
         accounts receivable servicing receivables approximates their fair value
         because of the relatively short period of time between the origination
         of the receivables and their expected collection.

         Deposits: The fair values for demand deposits are, by definition, equal
         to the amount payable on demand at the reporting date represented by
         their carrying amount. Fair values for fixed-rate certificates of
         deposit are estimated using a discounted cash flow analysis using
         interest rates offered at each reporting date for certificates with
         similar remaining maturities. The carrying amount of accrued interest
         payable approximates its fair value.

         Long-term debt: The fair value of long-term debt is estimated using a
         discounted cash flow analysis using interest rates currently available
         for similar debt instruments.

         Commitments to extend credit: Commitments to extend credit are
         primarily for variable rate loans. For these commitments, there is no
         difference between the committed amounts and their fair values.
         Commitments to fund fixed rate loans and letters of credit are at rates
         which approximate fair value at each reporting date.

         The carrying amounts and estimated fair values of the Company's
         financial instruments are as follows (dollars in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     December 31, 2002     December 31, 2001
                                                    -------------------   -------------------

                                                    Carrying     Fair     Carrying     Fair
                                                     Amount      Value     Amount      Value
                                                    --------   --------   --------   --------

<S>                                                 <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>
         Financial assets:
           Cash and due from banks                  $ 25,899   $ 25,899   $ 20,342   $ 20,342
           Federal funds sold                                                7,814      7,814
           Interest-bearing deposits in banks          5,938      5,988      5,740      5,790
           Investment securities                      74,061     74,262     48,572     48,697
           Loans and leases                          229,008    229,904    195,026    197,947
           FHLB and FRB stock                          1,562      1,562        340        340
           Accounts receivable servicing
             receivables                               1,396      1,396      2,869      2,869
           Accrued interest receivable                 1,486      1,486      1,468      1,468
</TABLE>

                                       65
<PAGE>

                    AMERICAN RIVER HOLDINGS AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)


18.      DISCLOSURES ABOUT FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     December 31, 2002     December 31, 2001
                                                    -------------------   -------------------

                                                    Carrying     Fair     Carrying     Fair
                                                     Amount      Value     Amount      Value
                                                    --------   --------   --------   --------

<S>                                                 <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>
         Financial liabilities:
           Deposits                                 $275,796   $276,238   $254,888   $255,983
           Short-term debt                            30,550     30,550
           Long-term debt                              1,992      2,089      2,039      2,129
           Accrued interest payable                      303        303        264        264

         Off-balance-sheet financial instruments:
           Commitments to extend credit             $ 61,714   $ 61,714   $ 60,840   $ 60,840
           Letters of credit                           3,668      3,668      3,776      3,776
</TABLE>

                                       66
<PAGE>

                    AMERICAN RIVER HOLDINGS AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)


19.      PARENT ONLY CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                  BALANCE SHEET

                           December 31, 2002 and 2001
                             (Dollars in thousands)


                                                             2002         2001
                                                          ---------    ---------

                           ASSETS

         Cash and due from banks                          $     342    $     470
         Investment in subsidiaries                          31,684       27,695
         Dividends receivable from subsidiaries                 851          355
         Other assets                                           126           91
                                                          ---------    ---------

                                                          $  33,003    $  28,611
                                                          =========    =========

                       LIABILITIES AND
                    SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

         Liabilities:
             Dividends payable to shareholders            $     551    $     353
             Other liabilities                                  726          316
                                                          ---------    ---------

                     Total liabilities                        1,277          669
                                                          ---------    ---------

         Shareholders' equity:
             Common stock                                    16,064       14,167
             Retained earnings                               14,358       13,290
             Accumulated other comprehensive income           1,304          485
                                                          ---------    ---------

                     Total shareholders' equity              31,726       27,942
                                                          ---------    ---------

                                                          $  33,003    $  28,611
                                                          =========    =========

                                       67
<PAGE>

                    AMERICAN RIVER HOLDINGS AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)


19.      PARENT ONLY CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

                                   STATEMENT OF INCOME

                  For the Years Ended December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000
                                 (Dollars in thousands)


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                             2002       2001       2000
                                                           --------   --------   --------

<S>                                                        <C>        <C>        <C>
         Income:
           Dividends declared by subsidiaries -
             eliminated in consolidation                   $  1,815   $  1,282   $    887
           Management fee from subsidiaries - eliminated
             in consolidation                                 1,242      1,199
                                                           --------   --------   --------

               Total income                                   3,057      2,481        887
                                                           --------   --------   --------

         Expenses:
           Salaries and employee benefits                     1,437      1,228        221
           Professional fees                                     72        100         26
           Directors' compensation                              176        144         62
           Merger, NASDAQ and SEC registration
             expenses                                                                 460
           Other expenses                                       393        315         42
                                                           --------   --------   --------

               Total expenses                                 2,078      1,787        811
                                                           --------   --------   --------

               Income before equity in undistributed
                 income of subsidiaries                         979        694         76
         Equity in undistributed income of subsidiaries       3,169      3,115      3,158
                                                           --------   --------   --------

               Income before income taxes                     4,148      3,809      3,234

         Income tax benefit                                     311        228        312
                                                           --------   --------   --------

               Net income                                  $  4,459   $  4,037   $  3,546
                                                           ========   ========   ========
</TABLE>

                                       68
<PAGE>

                    AMERICAN RIVER HOLDINGS AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                   (Continued)


19.      PARENT ONLY CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

                                   STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

                    For the Years Ended December 31, 2002, 2001 and 2000
                                   (Dollars in thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                               2002        2001        2000
                                                             --------    --------    --------

<S>                                                          <C>         <C>         <C>
         Cash flows from operating activities:
           Net income                                        $  4,459    $  4,037    $  3,546
           Adjustments to reconcile net income to net
             cash provided by operating activities:
               Undistributed earnings of subsidiaries          (3,169)     (3,115)     (3,255)
               Increase in other assets                          (532)       (239)         (1)
               Increase in other liabilities                      410         186         156
                                                             --------    --------    --------

                 Net cash provided by operating activities      1,168         869         446
                                                             --------    --------    --------

         Cash flows from financing activities:
           Cash dividends paid                                   (716)       (641)       (438)
           Exercise of stock options                              236         247           8
           Cash paid to repurchase common stock                  (808)       (335)
           Cash paid for fractional shares in connection
             with stock dividends                                  (8)         (7)         (6)
                                                             --------    --------    --------

                 Net cash used in financing activities         (1,296)       (736)       (436)
                                                             --------    --------    --------

                 Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash
                   equivalents                                   (128)        133          10

         Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year           470         337         327
                                                             --------    --------    --------

         Cash and cash equivalents at end of year            $    342    $    470    $    337
                                                             ========    ========    ========


         Supplemental disclosures of cash flow
           information:

         Non-cash investing activities:
           Net change in unrealized gain on available-
             for-sale investment securities                  $  1,353    $    446    $    824

         Non-cash financing activities:
           Dividends declared and unpaid                     $    551    $    353    $    312
</TABLE>

                                       69
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Selected Quarterly Information (Unaudited)
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(In thousands, except per share and price range of common stock)
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                       March 31,       June 30,      September 30,   December 31,
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
              2002

<S>                                      <C>             <C>             <C>             <C>
Interest income                          $  4,465        $  4,486        $  4,732        $  4,902
Net interest income                         3,583           3,623           3,820           4,047
Provision for loan and lease loss             148             186             160             150
Noninterest income                            492             552             619             660
Noninterest expense                         2,344           2,288           2,285           2,472
Income before taxes                         1,583           1,701           1,994           2,085
Net income                                    961           1,027           1,200           1,271
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Basic earnings per share                 $    .36        $    .39        $    .46        $    .48
Diluted earnings per share                    .34             .36             .42             .45
Cash dividends per share                       --             .14              --             .21
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Price range, common stock            $14.95-18.33    $17.81-20.22    $17.38-20.17    $16.75-23.83
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

              2001

Interest income                          $  5,783        $  5,317        $  5,055        $  4,688
Net interest income                         3,687           3,629           3,649           3,612
Provision for loan and lease loss             194             187             192             218
Noninterest income                            579             556             656             574
Noninterest expense                         2,380           2,500           2,267           2,355
Income before taxes                         1,692           1,498           1,846           1,613
Net income                                  1,024             901           1,111           1,001
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Basic earnings per share                 $    .38        $    .34        $    .42        $    .38
Diluted earnings per share                    .36             .33             .39             .35
Cash dividends per share                       --             .13              --             .13
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Price range, common stock            $12.81-14.51    $13.33-15.19    $11.56-17.69    $13.23-15.90
=================================================================================================
</TABLE>

The earnings per share and price range have been adjusted for 5% stock dividends
in 2002 and 2001.

                                       70
<PAGE>

ITEM 9.  Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and
Financial Disclosure.

         There has been no change in the independent accountants engaged to
audit the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries during the
last two fiscal years ended December 31, 2002. There have been no disagreements
with such independent accountants during the last two fiscal years ended
December 31, 2002, on any matter of accounting principles or practices,
financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedure.


PART III

ITEM 10. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant.

         The information required by Item 10 of Form 10-K is incorporated by
reference to the information contained in the Company's Proxy Statement for the
2003 Annual Meeting of Shareholders which will be filed pursuant to Regulation
14A.

ITEM 11. Executive Compensation.

         The information required by Item 11 of Form 10-K is incorporated by
reference to the information contained in the Company's Proxy Statement for the
2003 Annual Meeting of Shareholders which will be filed pursuant to Regulation
14A.

ITEM 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management

         The information required by Item 12 of Form 10-K is incorporated by
reference to the information contained in the Company's Proxy Statement for the
2003 Annual Meeting of Shareholders which will be filed pursuant to Regulation
14A.

ITEM 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions

         The information required by Item 13 of Form 10-K is incorporated by
reference to the information contained in the Company's Proxy Statement for the
2003 Annual Meeting of Shareholders which will be filed pursuant to Regulation
14A.

ITEM 14. Controls and Procedures

         Disclosure Controls are procedures that are designed with the objective
of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act"), such as this Annual
Report, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods
specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission's ("SEC") rules and forms.
Disclosure Controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such
information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the
Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") and Chief Financial Officer ("CFO"), as
appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Internal
Controls are procedures which are designed with the objective of providing
management with reasonable, but not absolute, assurance that assets are
safeguarded against loss from unauthorized use or disposition and that
transactions are executed in accordance with management's authorization and
recorded properly to permit the preparation of consolidated financial statements
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America. Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and
maintaining internal controls. In fulfilling this responsibility, estimates and
judgments by management are required to assess the expected benefits and related
costs of internal control policies and procedures. Because of inherent
limitations in any internal controls, errors or irregularities may nevertheless
occur and not be detected. Also, projection of any evaluation of internal
controls to future periods is subject to the risk that procedures may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the effectiveness of the
design and operation of policies and procedures may deteriorate.

                                       71
<PAGE>

         Both Disclosure Controls and Internal Controls have limitations, with
regards to the cost and benefit of the system, human error, collusion or
complete disregard for the systems by employees. No matter how well designed and
managed, there is no assurance that these controls and procedures will prevent
all error or fraud.

         Based upon an evaluation made within 90 days prior to the date of this
report, the Company's CEO and CFO have concluded that, subject to the
limitations described above, the Company's disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rule13a--14(c)) are adequate and effective in timely
alerting them to material information relating to the Company required to be
included in the Company's filings with the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934.

         There were no significant changes in the Company's internal controls or
in other factors that could significantly affect internal controls subsequent to
the date of their evaluation.


PART IV

ITEM 15. Exhibits, Financial Statements Schedules, and Reports on Form 8-K.

   (a)(1)Financial Statements. Listed and included in Part II, Item 8.

      (2)Financial Statement Schedules. Not applicable.

      (3)Exhibits.

         Exhibit
         Number                        Document Description
         ------                        --------------------

         (2.1)    Agreement and Plan of Reorganization and Merger by and among
                  the Registrant, ARH Interim National Bank and North Coast
                  Bank, N.A., dated as of March 1, 2000 (included as Annex A).
                  **

         (3.1)    Articles of Incorporation, as amended, incorporated by
                  reference from Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Annual Report on
                  Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2000 filed with
                  the Commission on April 2, 2001.

         (3.2)    Bylaws, as amended, incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.2
                  to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period
                  ended March 31, 2001, filed with the Commission on May 14,
                  2001.

         (4.1)    Specimen of the Registrant's common stock certificate. **

         (10.1)   Lease agreement between American River Bank and Spieker
                  Properties, L.P., a California limited partnership, dated
                  April 1, 2000, related to 1545 River Park Drive, Suite 107,
                  Sacramento, California. **

         (10.2)   Lease agreement and addendum between American River Bank and
                  Bradshaw Plaza Group each dated January 31, 2000, related to
                  9750 Business Park Drive, Sacramento, California. **

         (10.3)   Lease agreement between American River Bank and Marjorie G.
                  Taylor dated April 5, 1984, and addendum dated July 16, 1997,
                  related to 10123 Fair Oaks Boulevard, Fair Oaks, California.
                  **

         (10.4)   Lease agreement between American River Bank and Sandalwood
                  Land Company dated August 28, 1996, related to 2240 Douglas
                  Boulevard, Suite 100, Roseville, California. **

         (10.5)   Lease agreement between American River Holdings and Union Bank
                  of California dated June 29, 1999, related to 1540 River Park
                  Drive, Suite 108, Sacramento, California. **

                                       72
<PAGE>

         *(10.6)  American River Holdings 1995 Stock Option Plan. **

         *(10.7)  Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement under the 1995
                  Stock Option Plan. **

         *(10.8)  Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement under the 1995 Stock
                  Option Plan. **

         *(10.9)  American River Bank 401(k) Plan and amendment no. 1 dated
                  April 1, 1998. **

         *(10.10) American River Holdings Stock Option Gross-Up Plan and
                  Agreement, as amended, dated May 20, 1998. **

         *(10.11) American River Bank Deferred Compensation Plan dated May 1,
                  1998. **

         *(10.12) American River Bank Deferred Fee Plan dated April 1, 1998. **

         *(10.16) American River Bank Employee Severance Policy dated March 18,
                  1998. **

         *(10.18) Employment agreement with David T. Taber dated August 16,
                  2000, incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.18 to the
                  Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended
                  September 30, 2000 filed with the Commission on November 14,
                  2000.

         *(10.19) Employment agreement with William L. Young dated August 16,
                  2000, incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.19 to the
                  Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended
                  September 30, 2000 filed with the Commission on November 14,
                  2000.

         *(10.20) American River Holdings Incentive Compensation Plan for the
                  Year Ended December 31, 2000, incorporated by reference from
                  Exhibit 10.20 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
                  for the period ended September 30, 2000 filed with the
                  Commission on November 14, 2000.

         (10.21)  Amendment No. 1 dated March 1, 2001, to the lease agreement
                  between American River Holdings and Union Bank of California
                  dated June 29, 1999, related to 1540 River Park Drive, Suite
                  108 and Suite 106, Sacramento, California, incorporated by
                  reference from Exhibit 10.21 to the Company's Annual Report on
                  Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2000, filed with
                  the Commission on April 2, 2001.

         *(10.22) First Amendment dated December 20, 2000, to the American River
                  Bank Deferred Compensation Plan dated May 1, 1998,
                  incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.22 to the Company's
                  Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31,
                  2000, filed with the Commission on April 2, 2001.

         *(10.23) Amendment No.1 to the American River Holdings Incentive
                  Compensation Plan, incorporated by reference from Exhibit
                  10.23 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
                  period ended June 30, 2001, filed with the Commission on
                  August 14, 2001

         *(10.24) American River Holdings Employee Stock Purchase Plan dated
                  November 21, 2001, incorporated by reference from Exhibit
                  10.24 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
                  period ended December 31, 2001, filed with the Commission on
                  March 26, 2002.

                                       73
<PAGE>

         (10.25)  Amendment No. 2 dated March 20, 2002, to the lease agreement
                  between American River Holdings and Union Bank of California
                  dated June 29, 1999, related to 1540 River Park Drive, Suite
                  108 and Suite 106, Sacramento, California, incorporated by
                  reference from Exhibit 10.25 to the Company's Quarterly Report
                  on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2002, filed with
                  the Commission on May 3, 2002.

         (10.26)  Lease agreement and addenda between Windsor Oaks National Bank
                  (predecessor to North Coast bank, N.A.) and Hotel St. Paul
                  Partnership, each dated April 30, 1992, related to 8733
                  Lakewood Drive, Windsor, California. **

         (10.27)  Lease agreement and addenda between North Coast bank, N.A. and
                  Rosario LLC, each dated September 1, 1998, related to 50 Santa
                  Rosa Avenue, Santa Rosa, California. **

         (14.1)   American River Holdings Code of Ethical Conduct

         (21.1)   The Registrant's only subsidiaries are American River Bank,
                  North Coast Bank, N.A. and First Source Capital.

         (23.1)   Consent of Perry-Smith LLP

         (99.1)   Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
                  Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
                  2002.

         *Denotes management contracts, compensatory plans or arrangements.

         **Incorporated by reference to registrant's Registration Statement on
         Form S-4 (No. 333-36326) filed with the Commission on May 5, 2000.

   (b)   Reports on Form 8-K

         On October 15, 2002, the Company filed a Report on Form 8-K announcing
         its financial results for the third quarter of 2002.

         On December 19, 2002, the Company filed a Report on Form 8-K announcing
         a $.21 per share cash dividend.

         An Annual Report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2002 and Notice
of Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement for the Company's 2003 Annual Meeting will
be mailed to security holders subsequent to the date of filing this Report.
Copies of said materials will be furnished to the Commission in accordance with
the Commission's Rules and Regulations.

                                       74
<PAGE>

                                   SIGNATURES



         Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
and Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be
signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                                       AMERICAN RIVER HOLDINGS



March 19, 2003                         By: /s/ DAVID T. TABER
--------------                             ------------------
                                           David T. Taber
                                           Chief Executive Officer
                                           (Principal Executive Officer)


March 19, 2003                         By: /s/ MITCHELL A. DERENZO
--------------                             -----------------------
                                           Mitchell A. Derenzo
                                           Chief Financial Officer
                                           (Principal Financial and Accounting
                                           Officer)


                                       75
<PAGE>

         Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of
1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of
the registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

           Signature                             Title                    Date

/s/ CHARLES D. FITE                     Director, Chairman               3/19/03
------------------------------
Charles D. Fite

/s/ ROGER J. TAYLOR                     Director, Vice Chairman          3/19/03
------------------------------
Roger J. Taylor

/s/ M. EDGAR DEAS                       Director                         3/17/03
------------------------------
M. Edgar Deas

/s/ SAM J. GALLINA                      Director                         3/19/03
------------------------------
Sam J. Gallina

/s/ WAYNE C. MATTHEWS                   Director                         3/19/03
------------------------------
Wayne C. Matthews

/s/ DAVID T. TABER                      Director                         3/19/03
------------------------------
David T. Taber

/s/ MARJORIE G. TAYLOR                  Director                         3/19/03
------------------------------
Marjorie G. Taylor

/s/ STEPHEN H. WAKS                     Director                         3/19/03
------------------------------
Stephen H. Waks

/s/ LARRY L. WASEM                      Director                         3/19/03
------------------------------
Larry L. Wasem

/s/ WILLIAM L. YOUNG                    Director                         3/19/03
------------------------------
William L. Young

/s/ MICHAEL A. ZIEGLER                  Director                         3/19/03
------------------------------
Michael A. Ziegler


                                       76
<PAGE>

       Certifications under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002



         I, David T. Taber, certify that:

         1.  I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of American River
Holdings;

         2.  Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
annual report;

         3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report;

         4.  The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for
establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14) for the registrant and we have:

         a)  designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this annual report is being prepared;

         b)  evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls
and procedures as of a date within 90 days prior to the filing date of this
annual report (the "Evaluation Date"); and

         c)  presented in this annual report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based on our evaluation
as of the Evaluation Date;

         5.  The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation, to the registrant's auditors and the audit
committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the
equivalent function):

         a)  all significant deficiencies in the design or operation of internal
controls which could adversely affect the registrant's ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial data and have identified for the
registrant's auditors any material weaknesses in internal controls; and

         b)  any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or
other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
controls; and

         6.  The registrant's other certifying officer and I have indicated in
this annual report whether or not there were significant changes in internal
controls or in other factors that could significantly affect internal controls
subsequent to the date of our most recent evaluation, including any corrective
actions with regard to significant deficiencies and material weaknesses.


         Date: March 19, 2003
         --------------------

         By: /s/DAVID T. TABER
         ---------------------

         President and Chief Executive Officer


                                       77
<PAGE>

         I, Mitchell A. Derenzo, certify that:

         1.  I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of American River
Holdings;

         2.  Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
annual report;

         3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report;

         4.  The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for
establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14) for the registrant and we have:

         a)  designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this annual report is being prepared;

         b)  evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls
and procedures as of a date within 90 days prior to the filing date of this
annual report (the "Evaluation Date"); and

         c)  presented in this annual report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based on our evaluation
as of the Evaluation Date;

         5.  The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation, to the registrant's auditors and the audit
committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the
equivalent function):

         a)  all significant deficiencies in the design or operation of internal
controls which could adversely affect the registrant's ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial data and have identified for the
registrant's auditors any material weaknesses in internal controls; and

         b)  any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or
other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
controls; and

         6.  The registrant's other certifying officer and I have indicated in
this annual report whether or not there were significant changes in internal
controls or in other factors that could significantly affect internal controls
subsequent to the date of our most recent evaluation, including any corrective
actions with regard to significant deficiencies and material weaknesses.


         Date: March 19, 2003
         --------------------

         By: /s/MITCHELL A. DERENZO
         --------------------------

         Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer


                                       78
<PAGE>

                                  EXHIBIT INDEX



Exhibit Number                         Description                          Page
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

     14.1         American River Holdings Code of Processional Ethics        80

     23.1         Consent of Perry-Smith LLP                                 81

     99.1         Certification of American River Holdings pursuant to
                  Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.             82


                                       79

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
