<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K405
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>k61157e10-k405.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 10-K PURSUANT TO ITEM 405
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

                                   FORM 10-K

              [X] ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
                      THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

FOR THIS FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000    COMMISSION FILE NUMBER 000-20202

                         CREDIT ACCEPTANCE CORPORATION
             (EXACT NAME OF REGISTRANT AS SPECIFIED IN ITS CHARTER)

<TABLE>
<S>                                              <C>
                  MICHIGAN                                        38-1999511
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation
               or organization)                      (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

    25505 W. TWELVE MILE ROAD, SUITE 3000                         48034-8339
            SOUTHFIELD, MICHIGAN                                  (Zip Code)
  (Address of Principal Executive Offices)
</TABLE>

       Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (248) 353-2700

          Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

                                      None

          Securities registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

                                  Common Stock

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required
to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes [X] No [ ]

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. [X]

The aggregate market value of 9,537,623 shares of the Registrant's common stock
held by non-affiliates on March 16, 2001 was approximately $50,072,521. For
purposes of this computation all officers, directors and 5% beneficial owners of
the Registrant are assumed to be affiliates. Such determination should not be
deemed an admission that such officers, directors and beneficial owners are, in
fact, affiliates of the Registrant.

At March 16, 2001 there were 42,319,787 shares of the Registrant's Common Stock
issued and outstanding.

                      DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Portions of the Registrant's definitive Proxy Statement pertaining to the 2001
Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the "Proxy Statement") filed pursuant to
Regulation 14A are incorporated herein by reference into Part III.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<PAGE>   2

                         CREDIT ACCEPTANCE CORPORATION
                          YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000

                               INDEX TO FORM 10-K

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
ITEM                                                                    PAGE
----                                                                    ----
<C>     <S>                                                             <C>
                                   PART I

 1.     Business....................................................       2
 2.     Properties..................................................      12
 3.     Legal Proceedings...........................................      12
 4.     Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.........      14

                                  PART II

 5.     Market Price and Dividend Information.......................      15
 6.     Selected Financial Data.....................................      16
 7.     Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
          and Results of Operations.................................      17
7A.     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
          Risk......................................................      30
 8.     Financial Statements and Supplemental Data..................      32
 9.     Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
          and Financial Disclosure..................................      61

                                  PART III

10.     Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant..........      61
11.     Executive Compensation......................................      61
12.     Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
          Management................................................      61
13.     Certain Relationships and Related Transactions..............      61
                                  PART IV

14.     Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules, and Reports on Form
          8-K.......................................................      61
</TABLE>

                                        1
<PAGE>   3

                                     PART I

ITEM 1. BUSINESS

GENERAL

     Credit Acceptance Corporation ("CAC" or the "Company"), incorporated in
Michigan in 1972, is a specialized financial services company which provides
funding, receivables management, collection, sales training and related products
and services to automobile dealers located in the United States, the United
Kingdom, Canada and Ireland. CAC assists such dealers with the sale or lease of
used vehicles by providing an indirect financing source for consumers with
limited access to traditional sources of credit ("Non-prime Consumers"). For the
year ended December 31, 2000, CAC had total revenues of $123.8 million and a net
income of $23.7 million. At December 31, 2000, aggregate gross installment
contracts receivable were $674.4 million and total shareholders' equity was
$262.2 million.

     CAC also provides additional products and services to dealers which give
the Non-prime Consumers the opportunity to purchase a number of ancillary
products, including credit life and disability insurance, vehicle service
contracts and point-of-sale dual interest collateral protection insurance
provided by third party insurance carriers. Through wholly-owned subsidiaries,
the Company also reinsures certain of the credit life and disability insurance
and point-of-sale dual interest collateral protection insurance policies issued
in conjunction with installment contracts originated by dealers.

     The Company is organized into three primary business segments: CAC North
America, CAC United Kingdom and CAC Automotive Leasing. See Note 13 to the
consolidated financial statements contained elsewhere in this report for
information regarding the Company's reportable segments.

PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

     CAC derives its revenues from the following principal sources: (i)
servicing fees (which are accounted for as finance charges) earned as a result
of servicing and collecting installment contracts originated and assigned to the
Company by dealers; (ii) lease revenue from investments in operating leases;
(iii) premiums earned from the Company's reinsurance activities and service
contract programs; and (iv) other income which primarily consists of fees earned
from third party service contract products offered by dealers, fees charged to
dealers at the time they enroll in the Company's program, and interest income
and fees from loans made directly to dealers for floor plan financing and
working capital purposes. The following table sets forth the percent
relationship to total revenue of each of these sources.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                               FOR THE YEARS ENDED
                                                                  DECEMBER 31,
                                                             -----------------------
PERCENT OF TOTAL REVENUE                                     1998     1999     2000
------------------------                                     -----    -----    -----
<S>                                                          <C>      <C>      <C>
Finance charges..........................................     68.8%    65.8%    64.4%
Lease Revenue............................................       --      0.9     10.5
Premiums earned..........................................      7.7      8.9      7.6
Gain on sale of Advance receivables, net.................      0.5       --       --
Other income.............................................     23.0     24.4     17.5
                                                             -----    -----    -----
  Total revenue..........................................    100.0%   100.0%   100.0%
                                                             =====    =====    =====
</TABLE>

PRINCIPAL BUSINESS

     CAC's principal business involves: (i) the acceptance of installment
contracts originated and assigned by participating dealers; and (ii) the
subsequent management and collection of such contracts. For installment
contracts meeting the Company's criteria, CAC makes a formula-based cash payment
to the dealer (an "Advance"). The Company may advance up to 90% of the amount
financed, but Advances typically range between 60% and 80% of the amount
financed in North America and between 80% and 90% of the amount financed in the
United Kingdom. To mitigate its risk, at the time of accepting the assignment of
an installment contract, CAC obtains a security interest in the vehicle and
establishes a dealer holdback equal to the gross

                                        2
<PAGE>   4

amount of the contract, less the Company's servicing fee, which is recorded as
an unearned finance charge. CAC's acceptance of such contracts is generally
without recourse to the general assets of the dealer, and accordingly, the
dealer usually has no liability to the Company if the consumer defaults on the
contract.

     CAC offers its dealers in North America several Advance alternatives, which
are calculated based upon the dealer's history with the Company, the credit
score for a particular customer and the year, make, model, and mileage of the
used vehicle to be financed. A similar method is used in the United Kingdom to
calculate the Advance, with the exception of credit scoring the customer.

     CAC collects the scheduled monthly payments based on contractual
arrangements with the consumer. Monthly cash collections are remitted to the
dealer, but only after the Company: (i) is reimbursed for certain collection
costs associated with all installment contracts originated by such dealer; (ii)
receives a servicing fee (typically 20%) of the aggregate monthly receipts after
collection costs; and (iii) has recovered the aggregate Advances made to such
dealer.

OPERATIONS

     CAC North America and CAC United Kingdom

     Dealer Selection and Enrollment Fee. CAC has adopted specific policies
relative to establishing the eligibility of prospective dealers for the
Company's program. A dealer's participation in the Company's program begins with
the execution of a servicing agreement, which requires the dealer to disclose
information about his dealership and personal finances. The Company undertakes a
review of the dealer information to determine whether the dealer should be
permitted to participate in the Company's program.

     Pursuant to the servicing agreement, a dealer represents that it will only
submit contracts to CAC which satisfy criteria established by the Company, meet
certain conditions with respect to the binding nature and the status of the
security interest in the purchased vehicle and comply with applicable state,
federal and foreign laws and regulations. Dealers receive a monthly statement
from the Company, summarizing all transactions on contracts originated by such
dealer. Also, where applicable, the dealer will receive a payment from CAC for
any portion of the payments on contracts to which the dealer is entitled under
the servicing agreement.

     The servicing agreement may be terminated by the Company or by the dealer
(as long as there is no event of default or an event which, with the lapse of
time, giving of notice or both, would become an event of default) upon 30 days
prior written notice. Events of default include, among other things, (i) the
dealer's failure to perform or observe covenants in the servicing agreement;
(ii) the dealer's breach of a representation in the servicing agreement; (iii) a
misrepresentation by the dealer relating to an installment contract submitted to
the Company or a related vehicle or purchaser; and (iv) the appointment of a
receiver for, or the bankruptcy or insolvency of, the dealer. The Company may
terminate the servicing agreement immediately in the case of an event of default
by the dealer. Upon any termination by the dealer or in the event of a default,
the dealer must immediately pay the Company: (i) any unreimbursed collection
costs; (ii) any unpaid Advances and all amounts owed by the dealer to the
Company; and (iii) a termination fee equal to 20% of the then outstanding amount
of the installment contracts originated and accepted by the Company. Upon
receipt in full of such amounts, the Company will reassign the installment
contract receivable and its security interest in the financed vehicle to the
dealer. In the event of a termination by the Company (or any other termination
if the Company and the dealer agree), the Company may continue to service
installment contracts accepted prior to termination in the normal course of
business without charging a termination fee.

     New dealers located in North America are generally charged a dealer
enrollment fee, which affords the dealer access to the Company's training
material and programs and helps offset the administrative expenses associated
with new dealer enrollment. The fee is $4,500 in North America and 2,500 pounds
in the United Kingdom.

     Assignment of Contracts. The dealer assigns title to the installment
contract and the security interest in the vehicle to the Company. Thereafter,
the rights and obligations of the Company and the dealer are defined by the
servicing agreement, which provides that the contract assignment to the Company
is for the purposes of administration, servicing and collection of the amounts
due under the assigned contract, as well as for security

                                        3
<PAGE>   5

purposes. At the time a contract is submitted, CAC evaluates the contract to
determine if it meets the Company's cash Advance criteria. Contracts which do
not meet the Company's cash Advance criteria may still be accepted for servicing
without an Advance being paid.

     Contract Portfolio. The portfolio of installment contracts contains loans
of initial duration generally ranging from 24 to 48 months, with an average
initial maturity of approximately 32 months. The Company receives a servicing
fee generally equal to 20% of the gross amount of the contract, with the rate of
return varying, based upon the amount of the Advance and the term of the
contract.

     The following table sets forth, for each of the periods indicated, the
average size of installment contracts accepted by the Company, the percent
growth in the average size of contracts accepted, the average initial maturity
of the contracts accepted, the average Advance per installment contract accepted
and the average Advance as a percent of the average installment contract
accepted.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                      AS OF DECEMBER 31,
                                                        ----------------------------------------------
AVERAGE CONTRACT DATA                                    1996      1997      1998      1999      2000
---------------------                                   ------    ------    ------    ------    ------
<S>                                                     <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>
Average size of installment contracts accepted
  during the period.................................    $7,249    $8,340    $8,402    $8,931    $8,982
Percentage growth in average size of contract.......      11.4%     15.1%      0.7%      6.3%      0.6%
Average initial maturity (in months)................        30        31        31        32        32
Average Advance per installment contract............    $3,837    $4,228    $4,260    $4,784    $4,714
Average Advance as a percent of average installment
  contract accepted.................................      52.9%     50.7%     50.7%     53.6%     52.5%
</TABLE>

     Systems Overview. The Company employs three major computer systems in its
North America operations: (i) the Application and Contract System ("ACS") which
is used from the time a dealer faxes an application to the Company until the
contract is received and funded, (ii) the Loan Servicing System ("LSS") which
contains all loan and payment information and is the primary source for
management information reporting, and (iii) the Collection System ("CS") which
is used by the Company's collection personnel to track and service all active
customer accounts.

     ACS -- The ACS, designed and built by an independent consulting firm hired
by the Company, was installed in May 1997. This system replaced certain
functionality of the Company's previous systems. The system enables the Company
to efficiently process a large volume of application and contract data. When a
dealer faxes an application to the Company's headquarters in Southfield,
Michigan, Company personnel input the application data into the ACS. The system
automatically pulls all credit bureau and vehicle guidebook data and includes
such data in the application file, which is routed to the analyst team assigned
to that dealer. An analyst reviews each application file on-line to determine if
the transaction is properly structured and meets the Company's guidelines for an
Advance. The ACS provides the analyst with information regarding the borrower,
including information on the borrower's residence, employment, wage level and
references, information regarding the vehicle, including the vehicle's age,
mileage and guidebook value, and information regarding the transaction,
including sale price, down payment, interest rate and term. The system computes
the Advance amount according to predefined programs based on dealer and loan
variables, provides the analyst with warning flags on out-of-tolerance
application variables and allows the analyst to select from a predefined set of
stipulations to include on the Advance approval transmittal, which is
automatically faxed to the dealer. After the sale of the vehicle, the
installment contract package is sent to the Company by the dealer. The contract
information is input into the ACS. The system compares the contract data to the
application data and reviews compliance with analyst stipulations. After any
variances have been addressed, the system sends an Advance payment to the dealer
by check or electronic transaction. The system generally enables the Company to
approve application files in under one hour and fund contracts within 24 hours
of receipt of all required documents. The system enables management personnel to
report on service level by analyst and by team, application and contract volumes
by dealer and by program, exceptions granted and various other reports as
needed. The ACS automatically loads all new contract data into the LSS system.

                                        4
<PAGE>   6

     LSS -- The LSS, designed and built for the Company by the same consulting
firm, was installed and implemented in the third quarter of 1997. This system
contains all loan transaction data, including payments and charge-offs for loans
accepted by the Company since July 1990. The system is the Company's primary
information source for management reporting including production of monthly
statements sent to dealers summarizing the status of their accounts and the
Company's static pool system, which provides the Company with a static pool
analysis on a per dealer basis. This system provides the Company with the
ability to project future collections for each dealer based on actual prior loss
history. These projections are then used to analyze dealer profitability and to
estimate and record the Company's reserve on Advances to dealers. The LSS
interfaces with both the ACS and CS.

     CS -- The CS, which is used by Company collection personnel to service all
active accounts, was purchased, modified and installed in 1989. The collection
system provides data on all of the Company's customer accounts including loan
and payment information as well as a log of all account activity including
letters sent and summaries of telephone contact. The system generates payment
books which are sent on all new accounts, generates all collection letters and
notices, allows collectors to record promises to pay and broken promises,
interfaces with the LSS and automated dialing system, assigns accounts to
collection personnel and tracks results on a per collector basis. Repossession
and legal accounts are also processed on this system.

     The Company employs one major computer system in its United Kingdom
operation, which was originally developed by a major software vendor. The
Company purchased the source code in 1997 and now continues to develop and
enhance the system in house. The system encompasses the main features of the
ACS, LSS and CS with the exception of (i) the ability to automatically pull all
credit bureau and vehicle guidebook data, which have to be referenced
separately, and (ii) the automatic interface with the phone system.

     Servicing and Collections. CAC's staff of professional and experienced
collection personnel collects amounts due on installment contracts, assisted by
the CS and telephone systems. The customized CS is integrated with an automated
dialing telephone system, which allows the Company's collection personnel to
contact a large number of customers on a daily basis. The integration of the
systems allows critical calling information to be seamlessly uploaded to the CS.
This integration helps identify customers who are difficult to contact by phone
and need additional collection efforts.

     In North America, customer payments are received through various third
party payment providers and at CAC's Southfield, Michigan location. Payment
receipt data is electronically transferred from the various third party
providers on a daily basis for posting to the customer's account. The payments
are processed in CAC's LSS which provides customer payment information to the CS
on a real time basis.

     In the United Kingdom, customers can make payments at banks and post
offices. Additional payments are received at the Company's United Kingdom office
and the Company electronically originates a large percentage of payments
directly from a customer's bank account, with the customer's prior consent. All
payments processed update the customer's account on a daily basis.

     Customer accounts are monitored and serviced by regional collection teams.
The team members consist of junior, mid-level, and senior collection personnel.
The teams typically take action on accounts within five days of delinquency. If
a customer is delinquent, the Company's policy is to attempt to resolve the
delinquency by persuading the customer to make payment arrangements until the
delinquency is resolved. Since the customer generally has a poor credit history,
the Company's program provides the customer with an opportunity to restore their
credit rating. The Company believes its interests are best served by permitting
the customer to retain the vehicle while making payments, even if the maturity
of the loan needs to be extended beyond the original term. Customers, within the
first three payments of the contract, are monitored and serviced by a
specialized collection team. The first-payment-miss team typically takes action
on accounts at one day past due, attempting to resolve the delinquency as soon
as possible.

     The repossession process typically begins when a customer becomes
approximately 30 days past due. At that time, the Company contracts with a third
party to repossess and sell the vehicle at an auction. The costs

                                        5
<PAGE>   7

related to such activities, to the extent permitted by law, are added to the
amount due from the customer and the dealer Advance amount. If the proceeds from
the sale are not sufficient to cover the total balance due, the Company may seek
to recover its "deficiency balance" from the customer through legal means,
including wage garnishment to the extent permitted by applicable law. Although
the Company continues to pursue collection, the deficiency balance is
charged-off after nine months of not receiving any material payments.

     Proprietary Credit Scoring System. In 1999, the Company implemented a
proprietary credit scoring system in North America. This system, which is a
module of ACS, is based upon the Company's portfolio database and was developed
with the assistance of an independent statistical consulting firm. This system
was updated with enhanced predictive qualities in April 2000 and is evaluated
monthly through the comparison of actual versus projected loan collection
performance by credit score. Credit scoring is used to evaluate risk in terms of
expected collection rates. Factors considered in the credit scoring model
include data contained in the customer's credit application, the customer's
credit bureau report and the structure of the proposed transaction. The credit
scoring system provides the Company's participating dealers with the opportunity
to restructure poor scoring transactions and provides the Company with the
ability to vary the structure of the installment contract and the Advance rate
on the contract based upon the statistical probability of default. The credit
scoring system is not utilized in the United Kingdom.

     Internet-based Proprietary Credit Approval Processing System ("CAPS"). In
2000, the Company's North America segment designed and built a system that
allows dealers to enter an application on-line via the internet, receive an
approval within minutes, including an Advance amount and a profit analysis for
every vehicle in the dealer's inventory. The system works in connection with ACS
and LSS in order to pull credit bureau information and calculate a credit score.
Furthermore, CAPS has been automated to require all applications to clear
critical underwriting standards and social security number authentication before
an application is eligible for submission to the Company. The system has allowed
CAC to significantly streamline and enhance the credit approval process.

     Leasing Contracts. The Company's North America segment, on a limited basis,
accepts used vehicle leases. Prior to February 2000, leases were accepted on a
basis similar to the manner in which the Company accepts installment contracts.
In February 2000, the North America segment began accepting leases in the same
manner as the CAC Automotive Leasing segment described below.

     CAC Automotive Leasing

     In 1999, the Company began to expand its automotive leasing business.
Through this business unit, the Company purchases used vehicle leases originated
by dealers participating in the Company's automotive leasing program. The
program is designed to provide select franchised new vehicle dealers with a
leasing alternative for Non-prime Consumers with limited access to traditional
sources of consumer credit.

     Under the Company's leasing program, the Company purchases vehicle leases
from the dealer for an amount that is generally based on the value of the
vehicle as determined by industry guidebooks, assumes ownership of the related
vehicle from the dealer and takes title to the vehicle. Payments to dealers
average 61% of the aggregate amount of the lease payments. This program differs
from the Company's principal business in that, as these leases are purchased
outright, the Company has no potential liability to the dealer for future
collections after the purchase of the lease. Additionally, the customer is
required to remit a security deposit to the Company that averages $1,029.

     Pursuant to the dealer lease agreement, the dealer represents that it will
only submit contracts that satisfy criteria established by the Company and
comply with applicable state, federal and foreign laws and regulations. At lease
termination, the Company is responsible for the ultimate disposal of the
vehicle, which is sold back to the dealer or the customer or at an auction.
These leases generally have an original term of 24, 30 or 36 months, with the
average initial term being 35 months. The average contract amount including the
residual value of such used vehicles approximates $18,625. The average lease
payment is $436. The average acquisition price per lease contract is $11,413.

                                        6
<PAGE>   8

     The Company utilizes a third party software vendor to provide systems and
assistance in servicing the lease portfolio. Additionally, the Company utilizes
both ACS and CS to service the lease contracts. Primarily, the third party
vendor is responsible for recording the leases in its system, sending customer
invoices and processing customer payments. CAC collection personnel are
responsible for interacting directly with the customer to collect amounts due
and responding to customer inquiries.

     The Company anticipates that it will continue to expand its leasing
business. However, the Company's growth will be primarily contingent upon
obtaining additional portfolio data indicating that the leases the Company is
originating will likely generate an acceptable future rate of return.

ANCILLARY PRODUCTS

     The Company continually considers other programs that will increase its
services to dealers. The Company intends that such programs, if undertaken, will
be initially marketed selectively in order to establish strong operating systems
and assess the potential profitability of these services.

     CAC North America

     Insurance and Service Contract Programs. CAC has arrangements with
insurance carriers to assist dealers in offering credit life and disability
insurance to Non-prime Consumers. Pursuant to this program, the Company advances
to dealers an amount equal to the credit life and disability insurance premium
on contracts accepted by the Company, which include credit life and disability
insurance written by the Company's designated insurance carriers. The Company is
not involved in the actual sale of insurance; however, as part of the program,
the insurance carriers cede insurance coverages and premiums (less a fee) to
wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company, which reinsure such coverages. As a
result, the subsidiaries bear the risk of loss attendant to claims under the
coverages ceded to them, and earn revenues resulting from premiums ceded and the
investment of such funds.

     The Company has an arrangement with insurance carriers and a third party
administrator to market and provide claims administration for a dual interest
collateral protection program. This insurance program, which insures the
financed vehicle against physical damage up to the lesser of the cost to repair
the vehicle or the unpaid balance owed on the related installment contract, is
offered to Non-prime Consumers who finance vehicles through participating
dealers. If desired by a Non-prime Consumer, collateral protection insurance
coverage is written under a group master policy issued by the unaffiliated
insurance carriers to the Company. The Company is not involved in the actual
sale of insurance; however, as part of the program, the insurance carriers cede
insurance coverages and premiums (less a fee) to CAC Reinsurance, Limited. a
wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, which acts as a reinsurer of such
coverages. As a result, the subsidiary bears the risk of loss attendant to
claims under the coverages ceded to it, and earns revenues resulting from
premiums ceded and the investment of such funds.

     Buyers Vehicle Protection Plan, Inc. ("BVPP"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of
CAC, operates as an administrator of certain vehicle service contract programs
offered by dealers to consumers. Under this program, BVPP charges dealers a
premium for the service contracts and in return agrees to reimburse dealers for
designated amounts that the dealer is required to pay for covered repairs on the
vehicles it sells. CAC advances to dealers an amount equal to the purchase price
of the vehicle service contract on contracts accepted by the Company that
includes vehicle service contracts. CAC has, in turn, subcontracted its
obligations to administer these programs to third parties that have experience
with such programs. Nevertheless, the risk of loss (reimbursement obligations in
excess of the purchase price of the vehicle service contract) remains with BVPP.
In addition, BVPP has relationships with third party service contract providers
which pay BVPP a fee on service contracts included on installment contracts
financed through participating dealers. BVPP does not bear any risk of loss for
covered claims on these third party service contracts.

                                        7
<PAGE>   9

     CAC United Kingdom

     In the United Kingdom, the Company has relationships with third party
credit life and disability and service contract providers, which pay the Company
a commission on credit life and disability and service contracts included on
installment contracts financed through participating dealers.

     CAC Automotive Leasing

     For the leasing segment, ancillary products are offered directly by the
dealers and are financed by the Company as part of the lease contract.

OTHER SERVICES

     Floor Plan Financing and Secured Working Capital Loans.  In the United
States, the Company offers floor plan financing to certain dealers, pursuant to
which the Company makes loans to dealers to finance vehicle inventories, in each
case secured by the inventory, the related proceeds from the future sale of such
inventory and, for dealers participating in the Company's financing program,
future collections on installment contracts accepted from such dealers. This
financing is provided on a selected basis primarily to dealers participating in
the Company's financing program. On a limited basis, the Company provides floor
plan financing to dealers not participating in the Company's financing program.
The interest rate charged on outstanding floor plan balances generally ranges
from 12% to 18% per annum. On a selected basis, the Company also provides
dealers with working capital loans. These loans are secured by substantially all
assets of the dealer, including any future cash collections owed to the dealer
on installment contracts accepted by the Company.

     Installment Contract Purchase Program. In the United States, the Company
offers an installment contract purchase program to public vehicle auctions and
dealers that sell vehicles to Non-prime Consumers. An affiliated consulting
company administers the marketing of the program and is paid a commission on
ancillary products sold and financed by the Company. The Company purchases the
contracts for the amount financed under the contract less a fee. The contracts
are purchased without recourse to the auctions and dealers.

     Secured Line of Credit Loans. In the United States, on a limited basis, the
Company offers secured line of credit agreements to certain dealers, pursuant to
which the Company makes loans to dealers to finance vehicle sales, in each case
secured by substantially all assets of the dealer, including the dealer's
installment contract receivables and the related cash proceeds payments and a
personal guarantee by the dealer's owner. This line of credit is provided to
both participating and non-participating dealers in the Company's financing
program. The loans to the dealers range from 50% to 70% of the principal amount
of the contract to the consumer. The Company receives from the dealer 60% to 75%
of the gross contract amount (both the principal and interest). If the consumer
defaults on the contract, generally some predetermined formula based reduction
to the loan amount is required.

SALES AND MARKETING

     CAC North America and CAC United Kingdom

     The Company's program is marketed directly to used vehicle dealers and to
new automobile dealers with used vehicle departments. Marketing efforts are
initially concentrated in a particular geographic area through the distribution
of marketing brochures and via advertising in trade journals and other industry
publications directly to automobile dealers. The Company's sales personnel
telephone and visit potential dealers, in an effort to solicit new business and
to answer any questions dealers may have regarding the Company's programs.
Training seminars are available to dealers desiring to learn more about the
Company's program, as well as to participating dealers. The Company also
establishes relationships with dealers and auctions through referrals from third
party vendors and participating dealers.

     CAC employs experienced sales and marketing professionals (sales
representatives) both at the Company's headquarters and in the field for
purposes of enrolling new dealers and providing services to

                                        8
<PAGE>   10

existing dealers. The Company actively monitors the dealer relationship with the
objective of maximizing the volume of applications received from the dealer that
meet the Company's underwriting standards and profitability objectives. Sales
personnel are compensated on a commission basis calculated on the volume of
business submitted by dealers.

     CAC provides dealers with training regarding the operation of the Company's
program. Seminars are held on a regular basis at the Company's headquarters and
periodically at locations throughout the country. Pursuant to its servicing
agreement, each dealer agrees to attend at least one such seminar each calendar
year.

     CAC Automotive Leasing

     The leasing program is marketed to new vehicle dealers primarily through an
exclusive marketing arrangement with an automotive finance company. The Company
actively monitors the dealer relationship with the objective of maximizing the
volume of applications received from the dealer that meet the Company's
underwriting standards and profitability objectives. Sales personnel are
compensated on a commission basis calculated on the volume and quality of
applications submitted by dealers.

CREDIT LOSS POLICY AND EXPERIENCE

     CAC North America and CAC United Kingdom

     When a participating dealer assigns an installment contract to the Company,
the Company generally pays a cash Advance to the dealer. The Company maintains a
reserve against Advances to dealers that are not expected to be recovered
through collections on the related installment contract portfolio. For purposes
of establishing the reserve, the present value of estimated future collections
on installment contracts is compared to the related Advance balance. The
discount rate used for present value purposes is equal to the rate of return
expected upon origination of the Advance. The Company's Loan Servicing System
allows the Company to estimate future collections for each dealer pool using
historical loss experience and a dealer-by-dealer static pool analysis. The
Company recorded a non-cash charge during 1999 to reflect the impact of
collections on loan pools originated primarily during 1995, 1996 and 1997
falling below previous estimates, indicating further impairment of Advance
balances associated with these loan pools. While previous loss curves indicated
that loans originated in 1995, 1996 and 1997 would generate lower overall
collection rates than those originated in prior years, in the third quarter of
1999 the loss curves indicated collection rates on these pools would be lower
than previously estimated. Management's analysis of the static pool model also
indicates that the business originated subsequent to 1997 is of higher quality
than business originated during the three years ended December 31, 1997. Future
reserve requirements will depend in part on the magnitude of the variance
between management's estimate of future collections and the actual collections
that are realized. The Company charges off dealer Advances against the reserve
at such time and to the extent that the Company's static pool analysis
determines that the Advance is completely or partially impaired.

     The Company maintains an allowance for credit losses that, in the opinion
of management, adequately reserves against losses in the portfolio of
receivables. The risk of loss to the Company related to the installment
contracts receivable balances relates primarily to the earned but unpaid revenue
on installment contracts that were transferred to non-accrual status during the
period. Servicing fees, which are booked as finance charges, are recognized
under the interest method of accounting until the underlying obligation is 90
days past due on a recency basis. At such time, the Company suspends the accrual
of revenue and makes a provision for credit losses equal to the earned but
unpaid revenue. In all cases, contracts on which no material payment has been
received for nine months are charged off against dealer holdbacks, unearned
finance charges and the allowance for credit losses.

     CAC Automotive Leasing

     The Company maintains an allowance for lease vehicle losses that consists
of a repossession reserve and a residual reserve. The repossession reserve is
intended to cover losses resulting from: i) earned but unpaid lease payment
revenue; and ii) the difference between proceeds from vehicle disposals and the
net book value. The residual reserve is intended to cover losses resulting from
vehicle disposals at the end of the lease term. The

                                        9
<PAGE>   11

residual values represent estimates of the asset values at the end of the lease
contracts based on industry guidebooks and other information. Realization of the
residual values is dependent on the Company's future ability to market the
vehicles under then prevailing market conditions. The revenue recognition
process is suspended at the point the customer becomes three payments past due.

COMPETITION

     The Non-prime Consumer finance market is very fragmented and highly
competitive. The Company believes that there are numerous competitors providing,
or are capable of providing, financing programs through dealers to purchasers
and lessees of used vehicles. The Company also competes, indirectly, with
dealers operating dealer-financed programs. Because the Company's program is
directed to provide financing to individuals who cannot ordinarily qualify for
traditional financing, the Company does not believe that it directly competes
with commercial banks, thrifts, automobile finance companies and others that
apply more traditional lending criteria to the credit approval process.
Historically, these traditional sources of used vehicle financing (some of which
are larger, have significantly greater financial resources and have
relationships with captive dealer networks) have not served the Company's market
segment consistently. The Company's market is primarily served by smaller
finance organizations that solicit business when and as their capital resources
allow. The Company intends to capitalize on this market segment's lack of a
major, consistent financing source. However, if such a competitor were to enter
the Company's market segment, the Company's financial position and results of
operations could be materially adversely affected. The Company believes that it
can compete on the basis of service provided to its participating dealers,
innovative products and superior collection performance.

CUSTOMER AND GEOGRAPHIC CONCENTRATIONS

     Installment contracts receivable attributable to affiliated dealers owned
by: (i) the Company's majority shareholder; and (ii) another Company executive
represented approximately 2% of the gross installment contracts receivable
balance at the end of 1998, 1999 and 2000. Approximately 2%, 2% and 1% of the
value and number of installment contracts accepted by the Company during 1998,
1999 and 2000, respectively, were originated by affiliated dealers. Affiliated
dealers are not obligated to continue doing business with CAC, nor are they
precluded from owning or operating businesses that may compete with the Company.
As of December 31, 2000, approximately 18.8% of the participating dealers in
North America were located in Michigan, Maryland, and New York and these dealers
accounted for approximately 30.5% of the number of contracts accepted from North
American dealers in 2000. As of December 31, 2000, approximately 14.3% of the
Company's total participating dealers were located in the United Kingdom and
during 2000 these dealers accounted for approximately 17.9% of the new contracts
accepted by the Company. No single dealer accounted for more than 10% of the
number of installment contracts accepted by the Company during 1998, 1999 or
2000. However, during 1998, 1999 and 2000, three dealer groups in the United
Kingdom accounted for approximately 18.9%, 55.5% and 64.8% of new contracts
accepted by that business segment.

     The Company regularly purchases operating lease contracts originated by
affiliated dealers owned by the Company's majority shareholder and originated by
affiliated dealers owned by a Company executive. Lease contracts accepted from
affiliated dealers were $5.8 million and $10.1 million in 1999 and 2000,
respectively. Affiliated dealers originated approximately 60.4% and 22.6% of the
value of leasing contracts purchased and approximately 63.6% and 24.8% of the
number of leasing contracts purchased by the Company during 1999 and 2000,
respectively. This leasing program was started in 1999.

                                        10
<PAGE>   12

     The following table sets forth, for each of the last three years for the
Company's domestic and foreign operations, the amount of revenues from customers
and long-lived assets (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                        AS OF AND FOR YEARS ENDED
                                                              DECEMBER 31,
                                                     -------------------------------
                                                       1998       1999        2000
                                                     --------    -------    --------
<S>                                                  <C>         <C>        <C>
Revenues from customers
  United States..................................    $120,086    $97,895    $100,963
  United Kingdom.................................      20,828     16,660      20,729
  Other foreign..................................       1,435      1,500       2,086
Long-lived assets
  United States..................................    $ 18,781    $16,699    $ 17,248
  United Kingdom.................................       1,834      1,544       1,170
  Other foreign..................................          12         --          --
</TABLE>

     The Company's operations are structured to achieve consolidated objectives.
As a result, significant interdependencies and overlaps exist among the
Company's domestic and foreign operations. Accordingly, the revenue and
identifiable assets shown may not be indicative of the amounts which would have
been reported if the domestic and foreign operations were independent of one
another.

REGULATION

     The Company's businesses are subject to various state, federal and foreign
laws and regulations which require licensing and qualification, limit interest
rates, fees and other charges associated with the installment contracts and
lease agreements assigned to the Company, require specified disclosures by
automobile dealers to consumers, govern the sale and terms of the ancillary
products and define the Company's rights to repossess and sell collateral.
Failure to comply with, or an adverse change in, these laws or regulations could
have a material adverse effect on the Company by, among other things, limiting
the states or countries in which the Company may operate, restricting the
Company's ability to realize the value of the collateral securing the contracts
and leases, or resulting in potential liability related to contracts and leases
accepted from dealers. In addition, governmental regulations which would deplete
the supply of used vehicles, such as environmental protection regulations
governing emissions or fuel consumption, could have a material adverse effect on
the Company. The Company is not aware of any such legislation currently pending.

     The sale of insurance products in connection with contracts and leases
assigned to the Company by dealers is also subject to state laws and
regulations. As the holder of the contracts and leases that contain these
products, some of these state laws and regulations may apply to the Company's
servicing and collection of the contracts and leases. However, as the Company
does not deal directly with consumers in the sale of insurance products, it does
not believe that its business is significantly affected by such laws and
regulations. Nevertheless, there can be no assurance that insurance regulatory
authorities in the jurisdictions in which such products are offered by dealers
will not seek to regulate the Company or restrict the operation of the Company's
business in such jurisdictions. Any such action could materially adversely
affect the income received from such products. CAC's credit life and disability
reinsurance and property and casualty insurance subsidiaries are licensed and
subject to regulation in the state of Arizona and in the Turks and Caicos
Islands.

     The Company's operations in the United Kingdom, Canada and Ireland are also
subject to various laws and regulations. Generally, these requirements tend to
be no more restrictive than those in effect in the United States.

     Management believes that the Company maintains all material licenses and
permits required for its current operations and is in substantial compliance
with all applicable laws and regulations. The Company's servicing agreement with
dealers provides that the dealer shall indemnify the Company with respect to any
loss or expense the Company incurs as a result of the dealer's failure to comply
with applicable laws and regulations.

                                        11
<PAGE>   13

EMPLOYEES

     As of December 31, 2000, the Company employed 659 persons. The table below
presents this information for each reportable segment:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                     CAC NORTH    CAC UNITED    CAC AUTOMOTIVE     TOTAL
DEPARTMENT                            AMERICA      KINGDOM         LEASING        COMPANY
----------                           ---------    ----------    --------------    -------
<S>                                  <C>          <C>           <C>               <C>
Collection and Servicing.........       290           66              16            372
Contract Origination and
  Processing.....................        54           34               7             95
Marketing........................        54           14               4             72
Accounting.......................        15           10               3             28
Information Systems..............        21            4               0             25
Management and Support...........        46           18               3             67
                                        ---          ---              --            ---
  Total..........................       480          146              33            659
                                        ===          ===              ==            ===
</TABLE>

     Several employees from CAC North America perform duties on behalf of CAC
Automotive Leasing. Accordingly, the appropriate percentage of their salary is
allocated on a monthly basis to the leasing segment. The Company's employees
have no union affiliations and the Company believes its relationship with its
employees is good.

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES

     CAC North America and CAC Automotive Leasing

     The Company's headquarters are located at 25505 West Twelve Mile Road,
Southfield, Michigan 48034. The Company purchased the office building in 1993,
which it financed in part by a loan secured by a mortgage on the building. The
office building includes approximately 118,000 square feet of space on five
floors. The Company occupies approximately 65,000 square feet of the building,
with most of the remainder of the building leased to various tenants. The
Company plans to continue to lease excess space in the building until such time
as the Company's expansion needs require it to occupy additional space.

     The Company leases space in an office building in Henderson, Nevada, which
houses CAC's western North America collections and sales operations. The Company
occupies approximately 9,300 square feet of the building. The lease expires in
February 2004.

     CAC United Kingdom

     The Company leases space in an office building in Worthing, West Sussex, in
the United Kingdom, which is the headquarters for the Company's United Kingdom
operations. The Company occupies approximately 10,000 square feet of the
building under a lease expiring in September 2007.

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

     In the normal course of business and as a result of the consumer-oriented
nature of the industry in which the Company operates, industry participants are
frequently subject to various consumer claims and litigation seeking damages and
statutory penalties. The claims allege, among other theories of liability,
violations of state, federal and foreign truth in lending, credit availability,
credit reporting, consumer protection, warranty, debt collection, insurance and
other consumer-oriented laws and regulations. The Company, as the assignee of
finance contracts originated by dealers, may also be named as a co-defendant in
lawsuits filed by consumers principally against dealers. Many of these cases are
filed as purported class actions and seek damages in large dollar amounts.

     The Company believes that the structure of its dealer programs and the
ancillary products, including the terms and conditions of its servicing
agreement with dealers, may mitigate its risk of loss in any such litigation and
that it has taken prudent steps to address the litigation risks associated with
its business activities.

                                        12
<PAGE>   14

     During the first quarter of 1998, several putative class action complaints
were filed by shareholders against the Company and certain officers of the
Company in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan
seeking money damages for alleged violations of the federal securities laws. On
August 14, 1998, a Consolidated Class Action Complaint, consolidating the claims
asserted in those cases, was filed. The Complaint generally alleged that the
Company's financial statements issued during the period August 14, 1995 through
October 22, 1997 did not accurately reflect the Company's true financial
condition and results of operations because such reported results failed to be
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and such results
contained material accounting irregularities in that they failed to reflect
adequate reserves for credit losses. The Complaint further alleged that the
Company issued public statements during the alleged class period which
fraudulently created the impression that the Company's accounting practices were
proper. On April 23, 1999, the Court granted the Company's and the defendant
officers' motion to dismiss the Complaint and entered a final judgment
dismissing the action with prejudice. On May 6, 1999, plaintiffs filed a motion
for reconsideration of the order dismissing the Complaint or, in the
alternative, for leave to file an amended complaint. On July 13, 1999, the Court
granted the plaintiffs' motion for reconsideration and granted the plaintiffs
leave to file an amended complaint. Plaintiffs filed their First Amended
Consolidated Class Action Complaint on August 2, 1999. On September 30, 1999,
the Company and the defendant officers filed a motion to dismiss that complaint.
On or about November 10, 1999, plaintiffs sought and were granted leave to file
a Second Amended Consolidated Class Action Complaint. On March 24, 2000 the
Court granted the Company's and the defendant officers' and directors' motion to
dismiss the Second Amended Consolidated Class Action Complaint and entered a
final judgment dismissing the action with prejudice. On April 7, 2000,
plaintiffs filed a notice of appeal. On October 26, 2000, the parties reached an
agreement in principle to settle the action. The proposed settlement is subject
to entry into a formal Stipulation of Settlement, submission of the Stipulation
to the District Court following remand of the action from the Court of Appeals
for purposes of settlement only, and approval of the proposed settlement by the
District Court following notice to class members and a hearing. This proposed
settlement is not expected to have a material impact on the Company's financial
position, liquidity and results of operations, but there can be no assurance to
that effect.

     The Company is currently a defendant in a class action proceeding commenced
on October 15, 1996 in the United States District Court for the Western District
of Missouri seeking money damages for alleged violations of a number of state
and federal consumer protection laws (the "Missouri Litigation"). On October 9,
1997, the District Court certified two classes on the claims brought against the
Company, one relating to alleged overcharges of official fees, the other
relating to alleged overcharges of post-maturity interest. On August 4, 1998,
the District Court granted partial summary judgment on liability in favor of the
plaintiffs on the interest overcharge claims based upon the District Court's
finding of certain violations but denied summary judgment on certain other
claims. The District Court also entered a number of permanent injunctions, which
among other things, restrained the Company from collecting on certain class
accounts. The Court also ruled in favor of the Company on certain claims raised
by class plaintiffs. Because the entry of an injunction is immediately
appealable as of right, the Company appealed the summary judgment order to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Oral argument on the
appeals was heard on April 19, 1999. On September 1, 1999, the United States
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit overturned the August 4, 1998 partial
summary judgment order and injunctions against the Company. The Court of Appeals
held that the District Court lacked jurisdiction over the interest overcharge
claims and directed the District Court to sever those claims and remand them to
state court. On February 18, 2000, the District Court entered an order remanding
the post-maturity interest class to Missouri state court while retaining
jurisdiction on the official fee class. The Company then filed a motion
requesting that the District Court reconsider that portion of its order of
August 4, 1998, in which the District Court had denied the Company's motion to
dismiss the federal official fee overcharge claims. On May 26, 2000, the
District Court entered an order dismissing the federal official fee claims
against the Company and directed the Clerk of the Court to remand the remaining
state law official fee claims to the appropriate state court. The parties are
presently awaiting assignment to a state court. The Company will continue its
vigorous defense of all remaining claims. However, an adverse ultimate
disposition of this litigation could have a material negative impact on the
Company's financial position, liquidity and results of operations.

                                        13
<PAGE>   15

     The Company is currently under examination by the Internal Revenue Service
for its tax years ended December 31, 1993, 1994 and 1995. The IRS has identified
and taken under advisement the tax treatment of certain items. Although the
Company is unable to quantify its potential liability from the audit, the
resolution of these items in a manner unfavorable to the Company may have a
material adverse effect on the Company's financial position, liquidity and
results of operations.

ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

     None

                                        14
<PAGE>   16

                                    PART II

ITEM 5. MARKET PRICE AND DIVIDEND INFORMATION

     The Company's Common Stock is traded on The Nasdaq Stock Market(R) under
the symbol CACC. The high and low sale prices for the Common Stock for each
quarter during the two year period ending December 31, 2000 as reported by The
Nasdaq Stock Market(R) are set forth in the following table.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                          1999               2000
                                                     ---------------    --------------
QUARTER ENDED                                         HIGH      LOW     HIGH      LOW
-------------                                        ------    -----    -----    -----
<S>                                                  <C>       <C>      <C>      <C>
March 31.........................................    $10.25    $5.44    $6.00    $3.56
June 30..........................................      8.63     4.88     6.00     4.50
September 30.....................................      6.25     4.88     6.81     5.19
December 31......................................      6.00     3.00     6.55     4.25
</TABLE>

     As of December 31, 2000, the approximate number of beneficial holders and
shareholders of record of the Common Stock was 2,000 based upon securities
position listings furnished to the Company.

     The Company has not paid any cash dividends during the periods presented
and has no present plans to pay any cash dividends on its Common Stock. The
Company intends to retain its earnings to finance the growth and development of
its business. The Company's credit agreements contain certain covenants which
prohibit the payment of dividends under certain circumstances and other
covenants pertaining to the Company's tangible net worth which may indirectly
limit the payment of dividends on Common Stock.

                                        15
<PAGE>   17

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

     The selected income statement and balance sheet data presented below are
derived from the Company's audited consolidated financial statements and should
be read in conjunction with the Company's consolidated audited financial
statements and notes thereto and "Item 7 -- Management's Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," included elsewhere in this
Report.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                        (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)
                                          1996         1997         1998         1999         2000
                                       ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
<S>                                    <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
INCOME STATEMENT DATA:
Revenue:
  Finance charges....................  $   92,944   $  117,020   $   98,007   $   76,355   $   79,659
  Lease revenue......................          --           --           --        1,034       13,019
  Premiums earned....................       9,653       11,304       10,904       10,389        9,467
  Gain on sale of advance
     receivables, net................          --           --          685           --           --
  Other income.......................      21,337       35,911       32,753       28,277       21,633
                                       ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
       Total revenue.................     123,934      164,235      142,349      116,055      123,778
                                       ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
Costs and expenses:
  Operating expenses.................      30,627       45,911       59,004       56,104       50,108
  Provision for credit losses........      13,071       85,472       16,405       56,172       11,251
  Provision for claims...............       3,060        3,911        3,734        3,498        2,984
  Depreciation of leased assets......          --           --           --          569        7,004
  Valuation adjustment on retained
     interest in securitization......          --           --           --       13,517           --
  Interest...........................      13,568       27,597       25,565       16,576       16,431
                                       ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
       Total costs and expenses......      60,326      162,891      104,708      146,436       87,778
                                       ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
Other operating income:
  Gain on sale of subsidiary.........          --           --           --       14,720           --
                                       ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
Operating income (loss)..............      63,608        1,344       37,641      (15,661)      36,000
  Foreign exchange gain (loss).......          27          (41)        (116)         (66)         (11)
                                       ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
Income (loss) before income taxes....      63,635        1,303       37,525      (15,727)      35,989
  Provision (credit) for income
     taxes...........................      22,126         (234)      12,559       (5,041)      12,339
                                       ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
Net income (loss)....................  $   41,509   $    1,537   $   24,966   $  (10,686)  $   23,650
                                       ==========   ==========   ==========   ==========   ==========
Net income (loss) per common
  share(A):
  Basic..............................  $     0.91   $     0.03   $     0.54   $    (0.23)  $     0.54
                                       ==========   ==========   ==========   ==========   ==========
  Diluted............................  $     0.89   $     0.03   $     0.53   $    (0.23)  $     0.53
                                       ==========   ==========   ==========   ==========   ==========
Weighted average shares outstanding:
  Basic..............................  45,605,159   46,081,804   46,190,208   46,222,730   43,879,577
  Diluted............................  46,623,655   46,754,713   46,960,290   46,222,730   44,219,876
BALANCE SHEET DATA:
Installment contracts receivable,
  net................................  $1,030,971   $1,034,113   $  663,600   $  565,983   $  564,260
Floor plan receivables...............      15,493       19,800       14,071       15,492        8,106
Notes receivables....................       2,663        1,231        2,278        3,610        6,985
Investment in operating leases,
  net................................          --           --           --        9,097       42,921
All other assets.....................      25,291       56,546       69,782       63,403       48,762
                                       ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
       Total assets..................  $1,074,418   $1,111,690   $  749,731   $  657,585   $  671,034
                                       ==========   ==========   ==========   ==========   ==========
Dealer holdbacks, net................  $  496,434   $  439,554   $  222,275   $  202,143   $  214,468
Total debt...........................     288,899      391,666      218,798      158,985      156,673
Other liabilities....................      42,942       31,479       32,395       33,482       37,667
                                       ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
       Total liabilities.............     828,275      862,699      473,468      394,610      408,808
Shareholders' equity(A)..............     246,143      248,991      276,263      262,975      262,226
                                       ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------   ----------
  Total liabilities and shareholders'
     equity..........................  $1,074,418   $1,111,690   $  749,731   $  657,585   $  671,034
                                       ==========   ==========   ==========   ==========   ==========
</TABLE>

(A) No dividends were paid during the periods presented.

                                        16
<PAGE>   18

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS

GENERAL

     CAC is a specialized financial services company providing funding,
receivables management, collection, sales training and related products and
services to automobile dealers located in the United States, the United Kingdom,
Ireland and Canada. The Company assists such dealers by providing them with an
indirect source of financing for consumers of used vehicles with limited access
to traditional sources of credit. In addition, but to a significantly lesser
extent, the Company provides floor plan financing and secured working capital
loans to dealers, secured by the related vehicle inventory and any future cash
collections owed to the dealer on contracts accepted under the Company's
program.

     CAC North America and CAC United Kingdom

     With respect to its principal financing program, the Company's relationship
with a dealer is defined by: (i) the servicing agreement which sets forth the
terms and conditions associated with the Company's acceptance of a contract from
a dealer; and (ii) the contract, which is a retail installment sales contract
between a dealer and a purchaser of a used vehicle, providing for payment over a
specified term. Under this program, the dealer assigns title to the contract and
the security interest in the vehicle to the Company. Thereafter, the rights and
obligations of the Company and the dealer are defined by the servicing
agreement, which provides that a contract is assigned to the Company as nominee
for the dealer for purposes of administration, servicing and collection of the
amount due under the assigned contract, as well as for security purposes. The
Company takes title to the contract as nominee and records the gross amount of
the contract as a gross installment contract receivable and the amount of its
"servicing fee" (see below) as an unearned finance charge which, for balance
sheet purposes, is netted from the gross amount of the contract. The Company
records the remaining portion of the contract (the gross amount of the contract
less the unearned finance charge) as a "dealer holdback." For balance sheet
purposes, dealer holdbacks are shown net of any Advances made by the Company to
the dealer in connection with accepting the assignment of a contract.

     The Company's program allows dealers to establish the interest rate on
contracts, which typically is the maximum rate allowable by the state or country
in which the dealer is doing business. As the majority of the Company's revenue
is derived from the servicing fee it receives on the gross amount due under the
contract (typically 20% of the principal and interest), the Company's revenues
from servicing fees are not materially impacted by changes in interest rates.
The Company's revenue is principally dependent upon the gross value of contracts
accepted, which is determined by the number of contracts accepted and the amount
of the average contract. The contracts assigned to the Company are: (i) secured
by the related vehicle; and (ii) short-term in duration (generally maturing in
24 to 48 months, with an initial average maturity of approximately 32 months).
The interest rates charged on floor plan financing and on secured working
capital loans typically range from 12% to 18% per annum.

     The Company's subsidiaries provide additional services to dealers. One such
subsidiary is primarily engaged in the business of reinsuring credit life and
disability insurance policies and collateral protection insurance coverage
issued to borrowers under contracts originated by dealers. Premiums are ceded to
the subsidiary on both an earned and written basis and are earned over the life
of the contracts using pro rata and sum-of-digits methods. Another subsidiary
administers short-term limited extended service contracts offered by dealers. In
connection therewith, the subsidiary bears the risk of loss for any repairs
covered under the service contract. In 2000, the Company changed accounting
methods to recognize income and related expense for the service contract program
on an accelerated basis over the life of the service contract. Previously, the
income and related expenses were recorded on a straight-line basis over the life
of the service contracts. The change was based on an analysis of historical
claims experience and made to more accurately match the timing of the income and
expenses pertaining to the service contracts. The change in accounting method
was immaterial to the current financial statements and is not expected to have a
material impact on subsequent periods. In addition, the subsidiary has
relationships with third party service contract providers that pay the
subsidiary a fee on service contracts included on installment contracts financed
through participating dealers.

                                        17
<PAGE>   19

The subsidiary does not bear the risk of loss for covered claims on these third
party service contracts. The income from the non-refundable fee is recognized
upon acceptance of the installment contract.

     CAC Automotive Leasing

     The Company purchases used vehicle leases originated by dealers
participating in the Company's automotive leasing programs. These leases
generally have an original term of 24, 30 or 36 months, with the average being
35 months. The program is designed to provide select franchised new vehicle
dealers with a leasing alternative for Non-prime Consumers with limited access
to traditional sources of consumer credit. Under the Company's leasing program,
the Company purchases vehicle leases from the dealer for an amount that is
generally based on the value of the vehicle as determined by industry
guidebooks, assumes ownership of the related vehicle from the dealer and takes
title to the vehicle. Payments to dealers average 61% of the aggregate amount of
the lease payments. This program differs from the Company's principal business
in that, as these leases are purchased outright, the Company has no potential
liability to the dealer for future collections after the purchase of the lease.
Pursuant to the servicing agreement, the dealer represents that it will only
submit contracts that satisfy criteria established by the Company and comply
with applicable state, federal and foreign laws and regulations. Customer
payments are applied toward the customer's outstanding lease receivable. At
lease termination, the Company is responsible for the ultimate disposal of the
vehicle, which is sold back to the dealer or the customer or at an auction.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

     The following table sets forth the percent relationship of certain items to
total revenue for the periods indicated.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                               FOR THE YEARS ENDED
                                                                  DECEMBER 31,
                                                             -----------------------
                PERCENT OF TOTAL REVENUES                    1998     1999     2000
                -------------------------                    -----    -----    -----
<S>                                                          <C>      <C>      <C>
Finance charges..........................................     68.8%    65.8%    64.4%
Lease revenue............................................       --      0.9     10.5
Premiums earned..........................................      7.7      8.9      7.6
Gain on sale of Advance receivables, net.................      0.5       --       --
Other income.............................................     23.0     24.4     17.5
                                                             -----    -----    -----
Total revenue............................................    100.0    100.0    100.0
                                                             -----    -----    -----
Operating expenses.......................................     41.5     48.3     40.5
Provision for credit losses..............................     11.5     48.4      9.1
Provision for claims.....................................      2.6      3.0      2.4
Depreciation of leased assets............................       --      0.5      5.6
Valuation adjustment on retained interest in
  securitization.........................................       --     11.7       --
Interest.................................................     18.0     14.3     13.3
                                                             -----    -----    -----
  Total costs and expenses...............................     73.6    126.2     70.9
                                                             -----    -----    -----
Gain on sale of subsidiary...............................       --     12.7       --
                                                             -----    -----    -----
Operating income (loss)..................................     26.4    (13.5)    29.1
  Foreign exchange loss..................................     (0.1)    (0.1)      --
                                                             -----    -----    -----
Income (loss) before income taxes........................     26.3    (13.6)    29.1
  Provision (credit) for income taxes....................      8.8     (4.4)    10.0
                                                             -----    -----    -----
Net income (loss)........................................     17.5%    (9.2)%   19.1%
                                                             =====    =====    =====
</TABLE>

     Year Ended December 31, 1999 Compared To Year Ended December 31, 2000

     Total Revenue. Total revenue consists of: (i) finance charges on
installment contracts; (ii) lease revenue earned on operating leases; (iii)
premiums earned on service contracts, credit life and collateral protection
insurance programs; and (iv) other income, which consists primarily of fees
earned on third party service

                                        18
<PAGE>   20

contract products and interest income from loans made directly to dealers for
floor plan financing and working capital purposes. For 1999, it also consisted
of revenue from the Company's credit reporting and auction services subsidiaries
that were sold on May 7, 1999 and December 15, 1999, respectively. As a result
of the factors discussed below, total revenue increased from $116.1 million in
1999 to $123.8 million in 2000, an increase of $7.7 million or 6.7%.

     Finance charges increased from $76.4 million in 1999 to $79.7 million in
2000, representing an increase of 4.3%. This increase was primarily the result
of the increase in the average annualized yield on the Company's installment
contract portfolio. The average annualized yield on the Company's installment
contract portfolio, calculated using finance charge revenue divided by average
installment contracts receivable, was approximately 12.7% and 13.9% for 1999 and
2000, respectively. The increase in the average yield was primarily due to a
decrease in the percentage of installment contracts that were in non-accrual
status. The percentage of installment contracts that were in non-accrual status
was 23.0% and 21.6% as of December 31, 1999 and 2000, respectively. The decrease
in the non-accrual loans was primarily due to improvements in the credit quality
of the Company's portfolio of installment contracts due to the business
originated in 1998, 1999 and 2000 being of higher quality than that written in
the years 1995, 1996 and 1997.

     The volume of contract originations for the Company's North American
operations decreased from $408.5 million in 1999 to $403.1 million in 2000.
During 2000, the Company increased the minimum acceptable return on its dealer
relationships in North America. As a result, the Company discontinued accepting
contracts or decreased the Advance rate on business accepted from certain
dealers therefore causing a decline in the number of contracts accepted for the
North American operations. The volume of contract originations for the Company's
United Kingdom operations increased from $124.6 million in 1999 to $145.0
million in 2000. This increase is primarily due to the introduction of new
Advance programs in the second quarter of 1999 that provided the dealer with a
larger Advance as a percent of the amount financed.

     Lease revenue represents income primarily from the Company's automotive
leasing business unit, which began operations in 1999. Income from operating
lease assets is recognized on a straight-line basis over the scheduled lease
term. Lease revenue increased, as a percentage of total revenue, from 0.9% in
1999 to 10.5% in 2000. This increase was the result of an increase in the dollar
value of the Company's lease portfolio due to an increase in lease originations
for the period. Lease originations were $8.5 million in 1999 compared to $39.3
million in 2000. The rate of lease origination growth will be primarily
contingent upon obtaining additional portfolio data indicating that the leases
the Company is originating will likely generate an acceptable future rate of
return.

     Premiums earned decreased, as a percentage of total revenue, from 8.9% in
1999 to 7.6% in 2000. The decrease in premiums earned was primarily due to a
decrease in the penetration rate on the Company's service contract and credit
life insurance programs, a trend that the Company anticipates will reverse in
future periods with additional dealer training and an enhanced products and
marketing approach for these products. Premiums earned represent income from the
Company's own products in the North American segment, while service contract and
credit life revenue relating to programs offered in the United Kingdom and
automotive leasing segments are commission-based and included in other income.
Thus, the decrease in revenue from the North American segment as a percentage of
total revenue also contributed to the decrease in premiums earned as a
percentage of total revenue.

     In 2000, the Company changed accounting methods to recognize income and
related expense for the service contract program on an accelerated basis over
the life of the service contract. Previously, the income and related expenses
were recorded on a straight-line basis over the life of the service contracts.
The change was based on an analysis of historical claims experience and made to
more accurately match the timing of the income and expenses pertaining to the
service contracts. The change in accounting method was immaterial to the current
financial statements and is not expected to have a material impact on subsequent
periods.

     Other income decreased, as a percent of total revenue, from 24.4% in 1999
to 17.5% in 2000. The decrease was primarily due to: (i) the absence of revenues
from the Company's auction services and credit reporting subsidiaries, which
were sold on December 15, 1999 and May 7, 1999, respectively; (ii) the decrease
in servicing fees and interest earned on the retained interest in the Company's
July 1998 securitization of
                                        19
<PAGE>   21

Advance receivables as that securitization has substantially amortized; and
(iii) the decrease in floor plan financing interest and other fees due to the
decline in the outstanding loan balances. The decrease was partially offset by
an increase in fees earned on third party service contract products offered by
dealers on installment contracts, primarily due to the increase in the
penetration rate on these products for the North American segment.

     Operating Expenses. Operating expenses, as a percent of total revenue,
decreased from 48.3% in 1999 to 40.5% in 2000. Operating expenses consist of
salaries and wages, general and administrative, and sales and marketing
expenses.

     The decrease in operating expenses, as a percent of revenue, was primarily
due to a decrease in general and administrative expenses and salaries and wages.
General and administrative expenses and salaries and wages decreased primarily
due to the sale of the Company's auction service and credit reporting
subsidiaries in 1999, which had proportionately higher operating expenses than
the Company's other businesses, a decrease in legal fees resulting from a
reduction in litigation activity against the Company and due to an increase in
the percent of revenue from the Company's automotive leasing business segment,
which had proportionately lower operating expenses, as a percentage of revenue,
than the Company's other businesses. The decrease was partially offset by an
increase in sales and marketing expenses. These expenses increased primarily due
to increases in the Company's total sales force and an increase in sales related
travel expenses.

     A portion of management personnel compensation paid by the Company was
charged to a company controlled by the Company's Chairman (the "Affiliated
Company"), based upon the percentage of time spent working for the Affiliated
Company. The Company charged the Affiliated Company approximately $203,000 and
$3,000 in 1999 and 2000, respectively. In 2000, all such employees were either
transferred to the Affiliated Company or the sharing of such employees was
discontinued. In 1999, shared employees devoted between 30% and 90% of their
time to the Company, depending on their responsibilities. The Company believes
that the amounts charged by the Company are representative of the respective
employees' activities.

     Provision for Credit Losses. The provision for credit losses consists of
three components: (i) a provision for losses on Advances to dealers that are not
expected to be recovered through collections on the related installment contract
receivable portfolio; (ii) a provision for earned but unpaid revenue on
installment contracts which were transferred to non-accrual status during the
period; and (iii) a provision for estimated losses on the investment in
operating leases. The provision for credit losses decreased from $56.2 million
in 1999 to $11.3 million in 2000, representing a decrease of 80.0%. The decrease
was primarily due to higher provisions required in the third quarter of 1999 for
losses on Advances to dealers with respect to loan pools originated in 1995,
1996 and 1997. As such, the Company recorded a pre-tax charge of $47.3 million
during the third quarter of 1999. The charge was necessary due to collections in
affected loan pools falling below estimates indicating further impairment of
Advance balances associated with these pools. To a much lesser extent, the
decrease was due to lower provisions needed for earned but unpaid revenue
primarily resulting from the decrease in the percent of non-accrual installment
contracts receivable. The decrease in the non-accrual loans was primarily due to
improvements in the credit quality of the Company's portfolio of installment
contracts. This improvement is primarily due to higher quality business
originated in 1998, 1999 and 2000 than that written in the prior three years.

     The decrease in the provision for credit losses was partially offset by an
increase in the provision for estimated losses associated with the Company's
investments in operating leases, which resulted primarily from the significant
increase in the dollar value of the Company's lease portfolio due to the
increase in operating lease originations for the period. To a lesser extent, an
increase in the provision was required to reflect increased lease repossession
rates and lower residual values than originally estimated. While actual data on
the realization of the Company's residual values will not begin to be available
until June 2002, the Company analyzes its residual value levels based on results
from the liquidation of repossessed vehicles and current residual guidebook
values.

     The provision for losses on Advances is based on management's analysis of
loan performance utilizing the Company's Loan Servicing System, which allows
management to estimate future collections for each dealer using historical loss
experience and a dealer-by-dealer static pool analysis. The amount provided, as
a percent
                                        20
<PAGE>   22

of new contract originations, was 10.3% in 1999 and 1.2% in 2000. For the
Company's North American operations, the amount provided, as a percent of new
contract originations, declined from 12.3% in 1999 to 0.4% in 2000 because of
the additional charge necessary in 1999 and, to a lesser extent, due to the
continued improvements in the quality of business originated, based on
management's analysis.

     For the Company's United Kingdom operations, the amount provided, as a
percent of new contract originations, declined from 3.7% in 1999 to 3.4% in
2000. This decrease was due to continued improvements in the quality of the
portfolio of installment contracts and dealer Advance receivables, based on
management's analysis.

     Provision for Claims. The amount provided for insurance and service
contract claims, as a percent of total revenue, decreased from 3.0% in 1999 to
2.4% in 2000. The decrease corresponds with the decrease, as a percent of total
revenue, in premiums earned from 9.0% in 1999 to 7.6% in 2000. The Company has
established claims reserves on accumulated estimates of claims reported but
unpaid plus estimates of incurred but unreported claims. The Company believes
the reserves are adequate to cover future claims associated with its insurance
and service contract programs.

     Depreciation of Leased Assets. Depreciation of leased assets is recorded on
a straight-line basis to the residual value of leased vehicles over their
scheduled lease terms. The depreciation expense recorded on leased assets
increased from $0.6 million in 1999 to $7.0 million in 2000. This increase was
due to the increase in the dollar value of the Company's lease portfolio
resulting from an increase in lease originations during the period. Depreciation
of leased assets also includes the straight-line amortization of indirect lease
costs.

     Valuation Adjustment on Retained Interest in Securitization. The Company
recorded a total of $13.5 million in valuation adjustments in 1999 on the
retained interest in securitization related to the Company's July 1998
securitization. The retained interest in securitization represents an accounting
estimate based on several variables including the amount and timing of
collections on the underlying installment contracts receivable, the amount and
timing of projected dealer holdback payments and interest costs. The Company
regularly reviews the actual performance of these variables against the
assumptions used to record the retained interest. This evaluation led to a
reassessment of the timing and amount of collections on the installment
contracts underlying the securitized Advances and resulted in a $13.5 million
write down. The Company continues to assess the performance of the 1998
securitization and makes adjustments when necessary.

     Interest. Interest expense, as a percent of total revenue, decreased from
14.3% in 1999 to 13.3% in 2000. The decrease in interest expense, as a percent
of total revenue, was primarily the result of a decrease in the amount of
average outstanding borrowings, which resulted from the positive cash flow
generated from: (i) proceeds from the sale of the Company's credit reporting
services subsidiary in May 1999; and (ii) a federal tax refund received in 2000
as a result of the taxable loss in 1999. The decreases were partially offset by
higher average interest rates, which increased, on a weighted average basis,
from 9.36% in 1999 to 10.13% in 2000. The increase in the average interest rate
was the result of: (i) the impact of fixed borrowing fees and costs on average
interest rates when average outstanding borrowings were decreasing; (ii) an
increase on December 1, 1999 and January 15, 2000 of 50 and 75 basis points,
respectively, in the interest rate on outstanding borrowings under the Company's
senior notes resulting from amendments to the note purchase agreements due to
the $60.3 million ($47.3 million in provision for credit losses and $13.0
million in write down of the retained interest in securitization) pre-tax charge
in the third quarter of 1999; and (iii) an increase in the average interest rate
on the Company's line of credit due to higher average Eurocurrency rates during
the periods.

     Gain on Sale of Subsidiary. The Company recorded a pre-tax gain of $14.7
million in 1999 from the sale of the Company's credit reporting services
subsidiary. The net proceeds from the sale were used to reduce outstanding
indebtedness under the Company's credit facility.

     Operating Income (Loss). As a result of the aforementioned factors,
operating income (loss) increased from ($15.7) million in 1999 to $36.0 million
in 2000, an increase of $51.7 million.

                                        21
<PAGE>   23

     Foreign Exchange Loss. The Company incurred a foreign exchange loss of
$66,000 and $11,000 in 1999 and 2000, respectively. The losses resulted from the
effect of exchange rate fluctuations between the U.S. dollar and foreign
currencies on unhedged intercompany balances between the Company and its foreign
subsidiaries.

     Provision (Credit) for Income Taxes. The provision (credit) for income
taxes increased from ($5.0) million in 1999 to $12.3 million in 2000. The
increase was due to a higher level of pre-tax income in 2000, primarily
resulting from the $47.3 million pre-tax charge in the third quarter of 1999.
The effective tax rate (credit) was (32.1%) in 1999 and 34.3 % in 2000. The
following is a reconciliation of U.S. Federal statutory rate (credit) to the
Company's effective tax rate (credit):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                  YEARS ENDED
                                                                 DECEMBER 31,
                                                                ---------------
                                                                1999       2000
                                                                -----      ----
<S>                                                             <C>        <C>
U.S. federal statutory rate (credit)........................    (35.0)%    35.0%
  State income taxes........................................      3.8        --
  Foreign income taxes......................................     (1.0)     (0.8)
  Other.....................................................      0.1       0.1
                                                                -----      ----
Provision (credit) for income taxes.........................    (32.1)%    34.3%
                                                                =====      ====
</TABLE>

     Year Ended December 31, 1998 Compared To Year Ended December 31, 1999

     Total Revenue. Total revenue decreased from $142.3 million in 1998 to
$116.1 million in 1999, a decrease of $26.2 million or 18.4%. This decrease was
primarily due to the decrease in finance charge revenue resulting from a
decrease in the average installment contracts receivable balance. The decrease
in gross installment contracts receivable was primarily the result of
collections on and charge offs of installment contracts exceeding contract
originations for the period. The volume of contract originations for CAC's North
America operations decreased from $521.5 million in 1998 to $408.5 million in
1999. The volume of contract originations for CAC's United Kingdom operations
increased from $59.1 million in 1998 to $124.6 million in 1999. Based upon
reviews of dealer profitability and improvements in credit quality on
installment contracts originated since the fourth quarter of 1997, in an effort
to increase origination volumes, the Company has introduced new Advance
programs, both in the United States and United Kingdom, which have increased the
Company's overall Advance rates. The Company's Advances to dealers and payment
of dealer holdback, as a percent of gross installment contracts accepted,
increased from 50.1% for the year ended December 31, 1998 to 55.9% for 1999.
There can be no assurance that higher Advance rates will lead to increased
origination volumes in future periods or that Advance rates will not need to be
reduced in future periods based on continued review of dealer profitability and
credit quality. While management expects the increased Advance rates to have a
positive effect on the Company's results, higher Advance rates increase the
Company's risk of loss on dealer Advances in future periods.

     The average yield on the Company's installment contract portfolio,
calculated using finance charge revenue divided by average installment contracts
receivable, was approximately 11.4% and 12.7% in 1998 and 1999, respectively.
The increase in the average yield was due to a decrease in the percentage of
installment contracts that were in non-accrual status. The percentage of
installment contracts that were in non-accrual status was 32.4% and 23.0% as of
December 31, 1998 and 1999, respectively.

     Lease revenue represents income primarily from the Company's automotive
leasing business unit, which began operations in 1999. Income from operating
lease assets was recognized on a straight-line basis over the scheduled lease
term. Lease originations were $8.5 million in 1999.

     Premiums earned increased, as a percentage of total revenue, from 7.7% in
1998 to 9.0% in 1999. Premiums on the Company's service contract program are
earned on a straight-line basis over the life of the service contracts. Premiums
reinsured under the Company's credit life and collateral protection insurance
programs are earned over the life of the contracts using the pro rata and
sum-of-digits methods. As a result of

                                        22
<PAGE>   24

these revenue recognition methods, premiums earned decreased at a slower rate
than the decrease in finance charge revenue.

     In July 1998, the Company recognized a net gain on sale of Advance
receivables of approximately $685,000. The gain resulted from the securitization
of dealer Advances having a carrying value of approximately $56 million. The
gain represents the difference between the sale proceeds to the Company from the
sale of dealer Advance receivables to an institutional investor, net of
transaction costs, and the Company's carrying amount of the Advances, plus the
present value of the estimated cash flows to be received by the Company. In
determining the gain on sale of receivables, the Company assumed an excess cash
flow discount rate of 15%, cumulative credit losses of 14% and an interest rate
on the underlying debt of 7.5%. The present value of such estimated excess cash
flows has been recorded by the Company as a retained interest in securitization
of $4.1 million as of December 31, 1999. The Company recorded a valuation
adjustment to the retained interest in securitization in the third quarter of
1999. The installment contracts supporting the dealer Advances include contracts
with origination dates ranging from July 1990 to June 1998, with a weighted
average age of 15 months as of the date of the transaction. The amount of such
contracts included on the Company's balance sheet as of June 30, 1998 was $98.6
million, of which $43.8 million was in non-accrual status. In addition, the
Advances are supported by installment contracts which had been previously
written off for financial statement purposes. The excess cash flows result from
the amount by which projected collections on the installment contracts exceeds
(i) the principal and interest to be paid to the institutional investor and (ii)
the amount of dealer holdback due to dealers.

     In the securitization, the Company retained servicing responsibilities and
subordinated interests. The Company receives monthly servicing fees of 4% of the
collections on the installment contracts receivable, and rights to future cash
flows arising after the institutional investor has received the return for which
it contracted. The investor has no recourse to the Company's other assets for
failure of debtors to pay when due. The Company's retained interests are
generally restricted until investors have been fully paid and are subordinate to
investors' interests. The value of the retained interest is subject to
substantial credit risk and moderate interest rate risk, as well as the timing
of projected collections on the transferred financial assets.

     Other income increased, as a percent of total revenue, from 23.0% in 1998
to 24.4% in 1999. The increase was primarily due to: (i) revenue from the
Company's auction services business that the Company began operating in June
1998 until it was sold in December 1999; and (ii) servicing fees from the
securitization of Advance receivables completed in July 1998. The increase was
partially offset by: (i) a decrease in revenues from the Company's credit
reporting subsidiary which was sold on May 7, 1999; (ii) a decrease in earned
dealer enrollment fees due to a decline in the number of dealers enrolling in
the Company's financing program; and (iii) a decrease in fees earned on third
party service contract products offered by dealers on installment contracts, as
the volume of this business has declined proportionately with the decrease in
installment contract originations.

     Operating Expenses. Operating expenses, as a percent of total revenue,
increased from 41.5% in 1998 to 48.3% in 1999. Operating expenses consist
primarily of salaries and wages, general and administrative, and sales and
marketing expenses.

     The increase, as a percent of revenue, was primarily due to an increase in
salaries and wages. Salaries and wages increased, as a percent of revenue, due
to the Company's employee headcount not being reduced proportionately with the
decrease in revenues. The Company has retained collection personnel in an effort
to improve collection levels.

     The increase was also due to an increase, as a percent of revenue, in
general and administrative expenses which, due to the fixed nature of certain of
these expenses, did not decline proportionately with the decline in revenue.
This increase was partially offset by a decrease in legal fees and settlement
provisions resulting from a decline in material new litigation against the
Company.

     To a lesser extent, the increase in operating expenses, as a percent of
revenue, resulted from the Company's auction services business, which required
proportionately higher operating expenses than the

                                        23
<PAGE>   25

Company's other businesses. The Company operated the auction service business
from June 1998 when it was purchased until it was sold in December 1999.

     The increases, as a percent of revenue, in salaries and wages and general
and administrative expenses are partially offset by a decrease in sales and
marketing expenses. This expense decreased primarily due to reductions in sales
commissions as a result of lower contract origination volumes and lower average
sales force headcount. The decrease in sales and marketing expenses was also the
result of a decrease in advertising due to the termination of the Company's
customer lead generating program.

     A portion of management personnel compensation paid by the Company is
charged to a company controlled by the Company's Chairman (the "Affiliated
Company"), based upon the percentage of time spent working for the Affiliated
Company. The Company charged the Affiliated Company approximately $226,000 and
$203,000 in 1998 and 1999, respectively. Shared employees devote between 30% and
90% of their time to the Company, depending on their responsibilities. The
Company believes that the amounts charged by the Company are representative of
the respective employees' activities.

     Provision for Credit Losses. The amount provided for credit losses, as a
percent of total revenue, increased from 11.5% in 1998 to 48.4% in 1999. The
provision for credit losses consists of two components: (i) a provision for
losses on Advances to dealers that are not expected to be recovered through
collections on the related installment contract receivable portfolio and (ii) a
provision for earned but unpaid revenue on installment contracts which were
transferred to non-accrual status during the period. The increase was primarily
due to higher provisions needed for losses on Advances to dealers with respect
to loan pools originated in 1995, 1996 and 1997. As such, the Company recorded a
pre-tax charge of $47.3 million during the third quarter of 1999. The charge was
necessary due to collections in affected loan pools falling below estimates
indicating further impairment of Advance balances associated with these pools.

     Management's analysis of collection results led to a conclusion that the
actual collection results will be below previous forecasts produced by its
static pool model. While previous loss curves indicated that loans originated in
1995, 1996 and 1997 would generate lower overall collection rates than loans
originated in prior years, trends in these loss curves indicate that collection
rates on these pools will be lower than previously estimated. Management's
analysis of the static pool data, after considering the effect of this less
favorable trend, continues to indicate that the business originated since 1998
is of higher quality than that written in the prior three years.

     The increase was partially offset by the lower provisions needed for earned
but unpaid revenue primarily resulting from the decrease in the percent of
non-accrual installment contracts receivable which were 32.4% and 23.0% of gross
receivables as of December 31, 1998 and 1999, respectively.

     Provision for Claims. The amount provided for insurance and service
contract claims, as a percent of total revenue, increased from 2.6% in 1998 to
3.0% in 1999. The increase corresponds with the increase, as a percent of total
revenue, in premiums earned from 7.7% in 1998 to 9.0% in 1999. The Company has
established claims reserves on accumulated estimates of claims reported but
unpaid plus estimates of incurred but unreported claims. The Company believes
the reserves are adequate to cover future claims associated with the programs.

     Depreciation of Leased Assets. Depreciation of leased assets is primarily
from the Company's automotive leasing business unit, which began operations in
1999. Depreciation of leased assets is recorded on a straight-line basis to the
residual value of the vehicle over the scheduled lease term. The depreciation
expense recorded on leased assets was $569,000 in 1999. Depreciation of leased
assets also includes the straight-line amortization of indirect lease costs.

     Valuation Adjustment on Retained Interest in Securitization.  The Company
recorded a total of $13.5 million in valuation adjustments in 1999 on the
retained interest in securitization related to the Company's July 1998
securitization. The retained interest in securitization represents an accounting
estimate based on several variables including the amount and timing of
collections on the underlying installment contracts receivable, the amount and
timing of projected dealer holdback payments and interest costs. The Company
regularly reviews the actual performance of these variables against the
assumptions used to record
                                        24
<PAGE>   26

the retained interest. This evaluation led to a reassessment of the timing and
amount of collections on the installment contracts underlying the securitized
Advances and the resulting $13.5 million write down in the third quarter of
1999. The Company continues to assess the performance of the 1998 securitization
and makes adjustments when necessary.

     Interest. Interest expense, as a percent of total revenue, decreased from
18.0% in 1998 to 14.3% in 1999. Total interest expense decreased from $25.6
million in 1998 to $16.6 million in 1999. The $9.0 million decrease in interest
expense for 1999 was primarily the result of a decrease in the amount of average
outstanding borrowings which resulted from (i) the positive cash flow generated
from collections on installment contracts receivable exceeding cash Advances to
dealers and payments of dealer holdbacks and (ii) amounts raised in July 1998
from the securitization of Advance receivables. The decrease was partially
offset by higher average interest rates in 1999. The weighted average interest
rate was 9.27% in 1998 and 9.36% in 1999. The increase in the average interest
rates for 1999 was the result of (i) the impact of fixed borrowing fees and
other costs on average interest rates when average outstanding borrowings are
decreasing, (ii) an increase in the interest rate on outstanding borrowings
under the Company's senior notes resulting from amendments to the note purchase
agreements entered into in contemplation of the Company's securitization of
Advance receivables in 1998 and the $47.3 million pre-tax charge on Advances to
dealers in the third quarter of 1999, (iii) a decrease in line of credit
balances, which carry lower interest rates, as a percentage of total average
balance sheet debt and (iv) the acceleration of amortization of certain deferred
debt issuance cost in connection with the repurchase of senior notes. The
interest rate increase was partially offset by the effects of the secured
financings completed in 1999, which are at lower rates of interest than the debt
they replaced.

     Gain on Sale of Subsidiary. The Company recorded a pre-tax gain of $14.7
million in 1999 from the sale of the Company's credit reporting services
subsidiary. The net proceeds from the sale were used to reduce outstanding
indebtedness under the Company's $125 million credit facility.

     Operating Income (Loss). As a result of the aforementioned factors,
operating income (loss) decreased from $37.6 million in 1998 to ($15.7) million
in 1999, a decrease of $53.3 million.

     Foreign Exchange Loss. The Company incurred a foreign exchange loss of
$116,000 and $66,000 in 1998 and 1999, respectively. The losses were the result
of exchange rate fluctuations between the U.S. dollar and foreign currency on
unhedged intercompany balances between the Company and subsidiaries which
operate outside the United States.

     Provision (Credit) for Income Taxes. The provision (credit) for income
taxes decreased from $12.6 million in 1998 to ($5.0) million in 1999. The
decrease was primarily due to a pre-tax loss in 1999. In 1998 and 1999, the
effective tax rate was 33.5% and 32.1%, respectively. The 1999 income tax
benefit was partially offset by state income taxes incurred on the sale of the
Company's credit reporting subsidiary in 1999.

CREDIT LOSS POLICY AND EXPERIENCE

     CAC North America and CAC United Kingdom

     When a participating dealer assigns an installment contract to the Company,
the Company generally pays a cash Advance to the dealer. These Advances
represent the Company's primary risk of loss related to the funding activity
with the dealers. The Company maintains a reserve against Advances that are not
expected to be recovered through collections on the related installment contract
portfolio. For purposes of establishing the reserve, the present value of
estimated future collections on installment contracts is compared to the related
Advance balance. The discount rate used for present value purposes is equal to
the rate of return expected upon origination of the Advance. The Company's Loan
Servicing System allows the Company to estimate future collections for each
dealer pool using historical loss experience and a dealer-by-dealer static pool
analysis. The Company recorded a non-cash charge during 1999 to reflect the
impact of collections on loan pools originated primarily during 1995, 1996 and
1997 falling below previous estimates, indicating further impairment of Advance
balances associated with these loan pools. While previous loss curves indicated
that loans originated in 1995, 1996 and 1997 would generate lower overall
collection rates than those originated in

                                        25
<PAGE>   27

prior years, in the third quarter of 1999 the loss curves indicated collection
rates on these pools would be lower than previously estimated. Management's
analysis of the static pool model also indicates that the business originated
subsequent to 1997 is of higher quality than business originated during the
three years ended December 31, 1997. Future reserve requirements will depend in
part on the magnitude of the variance between management's estimate of future
collections and the actual collections that are realized. The Company charges
off dealer Advances against the reserve at such time and to the extent that the
Company's static pool analysis determines that the Advance is completely or
partially impaired. Ultimate losses may vary from current estimates and the
amount of the provision, which is the current expense, may be either greater or
less than actual charge offs.

     The Company maintains an allowance for credit losses that, in the opinion
of management, adequately reserves against losses in the portfolio of
receivables. The risk of loss to the Company related to the installment
contracts receivable balances relates primarily to the earned but unpaid revenue
on installment contracts that were transferred to non-accrual status during the
period. Servicing fees, which are booked as finance charges, are recognized
under the interest method of accounting until the underlying obligation is 90
days past due on a recency basis. At such time, the Company suspends the accrual
of revenue and makes a provision for credit losses equal to the earned but
unpaid revenue. In all cases, contracts on which no material payment has been
received for nine months are charged off against dealer holdbacks, unearned
finance charges and the allowance for credit losses.

     CAC Automotive Leasing

     The Company also maintains an allowance for lease vehicle losses that
consists of a repossession reserve and a residual reserve. The repossession
reserve is intended to cover losses resulting from: i) earned but unpaid lease
payment revenue; and ii) the difference between proceeds from vehicle disposals
and the net book value. The residual reserve is intended to cover losses
resulting from vehicle disposals at the end of the lease term. The residual
values represent estimates of the asset values at the end of the lease contracts
based on industry guidebooks and other information. Realization of the residual
values is dependent on the Company's future ability to market the vehicles under
then prevailing market conditions. The revenue recognition is suspended at the
point the customer becomes three payments past due.

     The following tables sets forth information relating to the credit
provisions, charge offs, and other key credit loss ratios:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                         (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
                                                    FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                    --------------------------------
PROVISIONS                                            1998        1999        2000
----------                                          --------    --------    --------
<S>                                                 <C>         <C>         <C>
Provision for credit losses -- installment
  contracts.....................................    $  3,432    $  1,205    $  1,647
                                                    --------    --------    --------
Provision for credit losses -- Advances.........    $ 12,973    $ 54,868    $  6,591
                                                    ========    ========    ========
Provision for credit losses -- leased
  vehicles......................................    $     --    $     99    $  3,013
                                                    ========    ========    ========
CHARGE OFFS
------------------------------------------------
Charged against dealer holdbacks................    $359,846    $187,584    $115,968
Charged against unearned finance charges........      81,632      43,094      27,172
Charged against allowance for credit losses.....       8,392       3,489       1,688
                                                    --------    --------    --------
Total contracts charged off.....................    $449,870    $234,167    $144,828
                                                    ========    ========    ========
Net charge off against the reserve on
  Advances......................................    $  9,744    $ 70,353    $  4,104
                                                    ========    ========    ========
Charge against the allowance for lease vehicle
  losses........................................    $     --    $      8    $  1,081
                                                    ========    ========    ========
</TABLE>

                                        26
<PAGE>   28

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                             AS OF DECEMBER 31,
                                                           -----------------------
                     CREDIT RATIOS                         1998     1999     2000
                     -------------                         -----    -----    -----
<S>                                                        <C>      <C>      <C>
Allowance for credit losses as a percent of gross
  installment contracts receivable.....................     0.9%     0.7%     0.7%
Reserve on Advances as a percent of Advances...........     4.6%     1.3%     2.1%
Allowance for lease vehicle losses as a percent of
  investment in operating leases.......................       --     1.0%     4.7%
Gross dealer holdbacks as a percent of gross
  installment contracts receivable.....................    79.8%    79.6%    79.7%
</TABLE>

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

     The Company's principal need for capital is to: (i) fund cash Advances made
to dealers in connection with the acceptance of installment contracts; (ii) for
the payment of dealer holdbacks to dealers who have repaid their Advance
balances; and (iii) to fund the origination of used vehicle leases. These cash
outflows to dealers increased from $304.1 million in 1999 to $337.7 million in
2000. These amounts have historically been funded from cash collections on
installment contracts, cash provided by operating activities and borrowings
under the Company's credit agreements. The Company maintains a significant
dealer holdback on installment contracts accepted which assists the Company in
funding its long-term cash flow requirements. The Company's total balance sheet
indebtedness decreased from $159.0 million to $156.7 million as of December 31,
1999 and 2000, respectively.

     The Company has a $115 million credit agreement with a commercial bank
syndicate. The facility has a commitment period through June 12, 2001 and is
subject to annual extensions for additional one year periods at the request of
the Company with the consent of each of the banks in the facility. The agreement
provides that, at the Company's discretion, interest is payable at either the
Eurocurrency rate plus 140 basis points, or at the prime rate. The Eurocurrency
borrowings may be fixed for periods up to six months. The credit agreement has
certain restrictive covenants, including limits on the ratio of the Company's
debt to equity, debt to Advances, debt to installment contracts receivable,
Advances to installment contracts receivable, earnings before interest taxes and
non-cash expenses to fixed charges, limits on the Company's investment in its
subsidiaries and requirements that the Company maintain a specified minimum
level of net worth. Borrowings under the credit agreement are secured through a
lien on most of the Company's assets on an equal and ratable basis with the
Company's senior notes. As of December 31, 2000, there was approximately $87.2
million outstanding under this facility. The Company also maintains immaterial
line of credit agreements in both the United Kingdom and Canada to fund these
operations.

     On August 8, 2000 and March 13, 2001, the Company completed two secured
financings of Advance receivables from an institutional investor. Pursuant to
these transactions, the Company contributed dealer Advances having a carrying
amount of approximately $82.4 million and $128.1 million and received
approximately $63.9 million and $95.3 million in financing, which is net of both
the underwriter's fees and the required escrow account, for the August 8, 2000
and March 13, 2001 secured financings, respectively. The proceeds received were
used to reduce outstanding borrowings under the Company's credit facility. The
financings, which are non-recourse to the Company, bear interest at a floating
rate equal to the commercial paper rate plus 57.5 basis points with a maximum
rate of 8.5% for the August 8, 2000 secured financing and the commercial paper
rate plus 50.0 basis points with a maximum rate of 7.0% for the March 13, 2001
secured financing. As of March 16, 2001, the secured financings are anticipated
to fully amortize within five months and fifteen months for the August 8, 2000
and March 13, 2001 secured financings, respectively. The financings are secured
by the contributed dealer Advances, the rights to collections on the related
installment contracts receivable and certain related assets up to the sum of the
contributed dealer Advances and the Company's servicing fee. The Company will
receive a monthly servicing fee equal to 6% of the collections of the
contributed installment contracts receivable. Except for the servicing fee and
payments due to dealers, the Company will not receive any portion of collections
on the installment contracts receivable until the

                                        27
<PAGE>   29

underlying indebtedness has been repaid in full. Proceeds from these financings
were used to reduce outstanding borrowings under the Company's credit facility.

     When borrowing to fund the operations of its foreign subsidiaries, the
Company's policy is to borrow funds denominated in the currency of the country
in which the subsidiary operates, thus mitigating the Company's exposure to
foreign exchange fluctuations.

     As the Company's $115 million credit facility expires on June 12, 2001, the
Company will be required to renew the facility or refinance any amounts
outstanding under this facility on or before such date. As of March 16, 2001,
there was approximately $24.3 million outstanding under this facility. In
addition, in 2001, the Company will have $15.9 million of principal maturing on
its senior notes and $673,000 maturing on a mortgage loan. The Company believes
that the $115 million credit facility will be renewed with similar terms and a
similar commitment amount, and that the other repayments can be made from cash
resources available to the Company at the time such repayments are due.

     The Company's short and long-term cash flow requirements are materially
dependent on future levels of originations. In 2000, the Company experienced an
increase in originations over 1999. The Company expects this trend to continue
in future periods and, to the extent this trend does continue, the Company will
experience an increase in its need for capital.

     In 1999, the Company began acquiring shares of its common stock in
connection with a stock repurchase program announced in August 1999. That
program authorized the Company to purchase up to 1,000,000 common shares on the
open market or pursuant to negotiated transactions at price levels the Company
deems attractive. On each of February 7, 2000, June 7, 2000, July 13, 2000 and
November 10, 2000, the Company's Board of Directors authorized increases in the
Company's stock repurchase program of an additional 1,000,000 shares. As of
December 31, 2000, the Company has repurchased approximately 3.9 million shares
of the 5.0 million shares authorized to be repurchased under this program at a
cost of $20,361,000. The five million shares, which can be repurchased through
the open market or in privately negotiated transactions, represent approximately
10.8% of the shares outstanding at the beginning of the program.

     The Company is currently under examination by the Internal Revenue Service
for its tax years ended December 31, 1993, 1994 and 1995. The IRS has identified
and taken under advisement the tax treatment of certain items. Although the
Company is unable to quantify its potential liability from the audit, the
resolution of these items in a manner unfavorable to the Company may have a
material adverse effect on the Company's financial position, liquidity and
results of operations.

     In connection with the audit, the IRS has issued a Technical Advice
Memorandum that would directly impact the timing of tax recognition of income
accrual with respect to certain items. The views expressed in the Memorandum are
contrary to the Company's tax accounting method for such items. The total amount
of exposure from this tax issue cannot be reasonably estimated due to the lack
of available information required for such estimation and due to the
uncertainties of computation, the methodology for which must be agreed upon by
the IRS. In the worst case, the application of the ruling to the Company's
financing activities could result in the recognition of taxable income, interest
and penalties with respect to certain items exceeding the current net income
reported for book purposes. The Company has the right to appeal the ruling once
issued, or may challenge the positions of the IRS in court.

     Based upon anticipated cash flows, management believes that amounts
available under its credit agreement, cash flow from operations and various
financing alternatives available will provide sufficient financing for current
debt maturities and for future operations. If the various financing alternatives
were to become limited or unavailable to the Company, the Company's operations
could be materially adversely affected.

MARKET RISK

     The market risk discussion and the estimated amounts generated from the
analysis that follows are forward-looking statements of market risk assuming
certain adverse market conditions occur. Actual results in

                                        28
<PAGE>   30

the future may differ materially due to changes in the Company's product and
debt mix and developments in the financial markets.

     The Company is exposed primarily to market risks associated with movements
in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. The Company believes that
it takes the necessary steps to appropriately reduce the potential impact of
interest rate and foreign exchange exposures on the Company's financial position
and operating performance. The Company's policies and procedures prohibit the
use of financial instruments for trading purposes. Sensitivity analysis is used
to manage and monitor interest rate and foreign exchange risk.

     A discussion of the Company's accounting policies for derivative
instruments is included in the Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the
notes to the consolidated financial statements.

     Interest Rate Risk. The Company requires substantial amounts of cash to
fund cash Advances to dealers in connection with the acceptance of installment
contracts. The Company relies on various sources of financing to assist in
funding its operations, some of which is at floating rates of interest and
exposes the Company to risks associated with increases in interest rates. The
Company manages such risk primarily by entering into interest rate cap
agreements on certain portions of its floating rate debt.

     As of December 31, 2000, the Company had $88.1 million of floating rate
debt outstanding on its bank credit facilities, with no interest rate cap
protection, and $45.0 million in floating rate commercial paper outstanding
under its secured financings, with interest rate caps at 7.5% and 8.5%. Based on
the difference between the Company's commercial paper rates at December 31, 2000
and the interest rate caps, the Company's maximum interest rate risk on the
secured financing is a 1.6% increase in commercial paper rates, which would
reduce annual after-tax earnings by approximately $450,000. For every 1%
increase in rates on the Company's bank credit facilities, annual after-tax
earnings would decrease by approximately an additional $575,000. This analysis
assumes the Company maintains a level amount of floating rate debt and assumes
an immediate increase in rates.

     Foreign Currency Risk. The Company is exposed to foreign currency risk from
the possibility of changes in foreign exchange rates that could have a negative
impact on earnings or asset and liability values from operations in foreign
countries. The Company's most significant foreign currency exposure relates to
the United Kingdom. It is the Company's policy to borrow and lend in local
currencies to mitigate such risks. For an immediate, hypothetical 10% decrease
in quoted foreign currency exchange rates, annual after tax earnings would have
declined by approximately $510,000 at December 31, 2000. The potential loss in
net asset values from such a decrease would be approximately $7.0 million as of
December 31, 2000.

     On March 13, 2001 the Company entered into a foreign currency exchange swap
agreement with a counterparty to reduce its exposure to currency fluctuations
between the US dollar and the British Pound. Under the terms of the swap, the
Company agreed to exchange $21.6 million US Dollars for the receipt of 14.9
million British pounds on March 15, 2001 and exchange 7.5 million and 7.4
million British pounds for the receipt of $10.9 million and $10.7 million US
Dollars on April 17 and May 15, 2001, respectively. While the foreign currency
swap agreement is subject to the risk of loss from changes in exchange rates,
these losses will be offset by gains on the foreign currency exposures being
hedged.

     Immediate changes in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates
discussed in the proceeding paragraphs are hypothetical rate scenarios, used to
calibrate risk, and do not currently represent management's view of future
market developments.

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

     The Company makes forward-looking statements in this report and may make
such statements in future filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
It may also make forward-looking statements in its press releases or other
public or shareholder communications. The Company's forward-looking statements
are subject to risks and uncertainties and include information about its
expectations and possible or assumed future results of operations. When the
Company uses any of the words "believes," "expects," anticipates," "estimates"
or similar expressions, it is making forward-looking statements.
                                        29
<PAGE>   31

     The Company claims the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking
statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 for
all of its forward-looking statements. While the Company believes that its
forward-looking statements are reasonable, you should not place undue reliance
on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made.
Because these forward-looking statements are based on estimates and assumptions
that are subject to significant business, economic and competitive
uncertainties, many of which are beyond the Company's control or are subject to
change, actual results could be materially different. Factors that might cause
such a difference include the following: competition from traditional financing
sources and from non-traditional lenders, unavailability of funding at
competitive rates of interest, adverse changes in applicable laws and
regulations, adverse changes in economic conditions, adverse changes in the
automobile or finance industries or in the non-prime consumer finance market,
the Company's ability to maintain or increase the volume of installment
contracts or leases accepted, the Company's potential inability to accurately
forecast and estimate future collections and historical collection rates, the
Company's potential inability to accurately estimate the residual values of the
lease vehicles, an adverse outcome in the ongoing Internal Revenue Service
examination of the Company, an increase in the amount or severity of litigation
against the Company, the loss of key management personnel, and the Company's
ability to complete various financing alternatives.

     Other factors not currently anticipated by management may also materially
and adversely affect the Company's results of operations. Except as required by
applicable law, the Company does not undertake any obligation to publicly
release any revisions which may be made to any forward-looking statements to
reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this report.

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

     The information called for by Item 7A is incorporated by reference from the
information in Item 7 under the caption "Market Risk" in this Form 10-K.

                                        30
<PAGE>   32

                          INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders
Credit Acceptance Corporation:

     We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Credit
Acceptance Corporation and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2000
and 1999, and the related consolidated statements of income, shareholders'
equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December
31, 2000. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the
Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these
financial statements based on our audits.

     We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally
accepted in the United States of America. Those standards require that we plan
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a
test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

     In our opinion, such consolidated financial statements present fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31,
2000 and 1999, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of
the three years in the period ended December 31, 2000 in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP

Detroit, Michigan
January 24, 2001

                                        31
<PAGE>   33

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTAL DATA

                          CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
                                                                     DECEMBER 31,
                                                                ----------------------
                                                                  1999         2000
                                                                ---------    ---------
<S>                                                             <C>          <C>
ASSETS:
Cash and cash equivalents...................................    $ 21,565     $ 20,726
Investments -- held to maturity.............................       1,126          751
Installment contracts receivable............................     570,725      568,900
Allowance for credit losses.................................      (4,742)      (4,640)
                                                                --------     --------
  Installment contracts receivable, net.....................     565,983      564,260
                                                                --------     --------
Floor plan receivables:
  Non-affiliates............................................      12,874        8,106
  Affiliates................................................       2,618           --
                                                                --------     --------
                                                                  15,492        8,106
                                                                --------     --------
Notes receivable:
  Non-affiliates............................................       2,547        6,039
  Affiliates................................................       1,063          946
                                                                --------     --------
                                                                   3,610        6,985
                                                                --------     --------
Retained interest in securitization.........................       4,105        5,001
Property and equipment, net.................................      18,243       18,418
Investment in operating leases, net.........................       9,097       42,921
Income taxes receivable.....................................      12,686          351
Other assets................................................       5,678        3,515
                                                                --------     --------
     Total Assets...........................................    $657,585     $671,034
                                                                ========     ========
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY:
LIABILITIES:
  Senior notes..............................................    $ 30,579     $ 15,948
  Lines of credit...........................................      36,994       88,096
  Mortgage loan payable to bank.............................       8,215        7,590
  Secured financing.........................................      83,197       45,039
  Accounts payable and accrued liabilities..................      23,087       25,464
  Deferred dealer enrollment fees, net......................         595        1,469
  Dealer holdbacks, net.....................................     202,143      214,468
  Deferred income taxes, net................................       9,800       10,734
                                                                --------     --------
     Total Liabilities......................................     394,610      408,808
                                                                --------     --------
CONTINGENCIES (NOTE 14)
SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY:
  Preferred stock, $.01 par value, 1,000,000 shares
     authorized, none issued................................
  Common stock, $.01 par value, 80,000,000 shares
     authorized, 46,071,454 and 42,478,687 shares issued and
     outstanding in 1999 and 2000, respectively.............         461          425
  Paid-in capital...........................................     128,917      110,226
  Retained earnings.........................................     132,303      155,953
  Accumulated other comprehensive income-cumulative
     translation adjustment.................................       1,294       (4,378)
                                                                --------     --------
     Total Shareholders' Equity.............................     262,975      262,226
                                                                --------     --------
     Total Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity.............    $657,585     $671,034
                                                                ========     ========
</TABLE>

          See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

                                        32
<PAGE>   34

                       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                    (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT FOR PER SHARE DATA)
                                                                FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                           ------------------------------------------
                                                              1998            1999            2000
                                                           ----------      ----------      ----------
<S>                                                        <C>             <C>             <C>
REVENUE:
  Finance charges......................................    $   98,007      $   76,355      $   79,659
  Lease revenue........................................            --           1,034          13,019
  Premiums earned......................................        10,904          10,389           9,467
  Gain on sale of advance receivables, net.............           685              --              --
  Other income.........................................        32,753          28,277          21,633
                                                           ----------      ----------      ----------
     Total revenue.....................................       142,349         116,055         123,778
                                                           ----------      ----------      ----------
COSTS AND EXPENSES:
  Operating expenses...................................        59,004          56,104          50,108
  Provision for credit losses..........................        16,405          56,172          11,251
  Provision for claims.................................         3,734           3,498           2,984
  Depreciation of leased assets........................            --             569           7,004
  Valuation adjustment on retained interest in
     securitization....................................            --          13,517              --
  Interest.............................................        25,565          16,576          16,431
                                                           ----------      ----------      ----------
     Total costs and expenses..........................       104,708         146,436          87,778
                                                           ----------      ----------      ----------
Other operating income:
  Gain on sale of subsidiary...........................            --          14,720              --
                                                           ----------      ----------      ----------
Operating income (loss)................................        37,641         (15,661)         36,000
  Foreign exchange loss................................          (116)            (66)            (11)
                                                           ----------      ----------      ----------
Income (loss) before provision for income taxes........        37,525         (15,727)         35,989
  Provision (credit) for income taxes..................        12,559          (5,041)         12,339
                                                           ----------      ----------      ----------
Net income (loss)......................................    $   24,966      $  (10,686)     $   23,650
                                                           ----------      ----------      ----------
Net income (loss) per common share:
  Basic................................................    $     0.54      $    (0.23)     $     0.54
                                                           ==========      ==========      ==========
  Diluted..............................................    $     0.53      $    (0.23)     $     0.53
                                                           ==========      ==========      ==========
Weighted average shares outstanding:
  Basic................................................    46,190,208      46,222,730      43,879,577
  Diluted..............................................    46,960,290      46,222,730      44,219,876
</TABLE>

          See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

                                        33
<PAGE>   35

                CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

              FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1998, 1999 AND 2000

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
                                                                                                     ACCUMULATED
                                         TOTAL       COMPREHENSIVE                                      OTHER
                                     SHAREHOLDERS'      INCOME       COMMON   PAID-IN    RETAINED   COMPREHENSIVE
                                        EQUITY          (LOSS)       STOCK    CAPITAL    EARNINGS      INCOME
                                     -------------   -------------   ------   --------   --------   -------------
<S>                                  <C>             <C>             <C>      <C>        <C>        <C>
Balance -- December 31, 1997......     $248,991                       $461    $128,336   $118,023      $ 2,171
  Comprehensive income:
    Net income....................       24,966        $ 24,966                            24,966
                                                       --------
    Other comprehensive income:
      Foreign currency translation
         adjustment...............          726             726                                            726
      Tax on other comprehensive
         income...................                         (254)
                                                       --------
      Other comprehensive
         income...................                          472
                                                       --------
  Total comprehensive income......                       25,438
                                                       ========
  Stock options exercised.........        1,430                          2       1,428
  Dealer stock option plan........          150                                    150
                                       --------                       ----    --------   --------      -------
Balance -- December 31, 1998......      276,263                        463     129,914    142,989        2,897
  Comprehensive income:
    Net income (loss).............      (10,686)        (10,686)                          (10,686)
                                                       --------
    Other comprehensive income:
      Foreign currency translation
         adjustment...............       (1,603)         (1,603)                                        (1,603)
      Tax on other comprehensive
         loss.....................                          561
                                                       --------
      Other comprehensive loss....                       (1,042)
                                                       --------
  Total comprehensive loss........                      (11,728)
                                                       ========
  Repurchase and retirement of
    common stock..................       (1,510)                        (3)     (1,507)
  Stock options exercised.........          380                          1         379
  Dealer stock option plan........          131                                    131
                                       --------                       ----    --------   --------      -------
Balance -- December 31, 1999......      262,975                        461     128,917    132,303        1,294
  Comprehensive income:
    Net income....................       23,650          23,650                            23,650
                                                       --------
    Other comprehensive income:
      Foreign currency translation
         adjustment...............       (5,672)         (5,672)                                        (5,672)
      Tax on other comprehensive
         income...................                        1,985
                                                       --------
      Other comprehensive loss....                       (3,687)
                                                       --------
  Total comprehensive income......                     $ 19,963
                                                       ========
  Repurchase and retirement of
    common stock..................      (18,851)                       (36)    (18,815)
  Stock options exercised.........           79                                     79
  Dealer stock option plan........           45                                     45
                                       --------                       ----    --------   --------      -------
Balance -- December 31, 2000......     $262,226                       $425    $110,226   $155,953      $(4,378)
                                       ========                       ====    ========   ========      =======
</TABLE>

          See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

                                        34
<PAGE>   36

                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                      (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS)
                                                                 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                                -----------------------------------
                                                                  1998         1999         2000
                                                                ---------    ---------    ---------
<S>                                                             <C>          <C>          <C>
Cash Flows From Operating Activities:
  Net Income (loss).........................................    $  24,966    $ (10,686)   $  23,650
  Adjustments to reconcile cash provided by operating
    activities --
    Gain on sale of subsidiary..............................           --      (14,720)          --
    Provision (credit) for deferred income taxes............       (3,518)      (1,298)         934
    Depreciation............................................        3,793        4,128        3,727
    Depreciation on operating lease vehicles................           --          461        5,508
    Amortization on deferred leasing costs..................           --          108        1,512
    Gain on sale of advance receivables, gross..............       (1,261)          --           --
    Valuation adjustments on retained interest in
      securitization........................................           --       13,517           --
    Amortization of retained interest in securitization.....         (951)      (1,586)        (209)
    Gain on retirement of property and equipment............           --         (543)          --
    Provision for credit losses.............................       16,405       56,172       11,251
    Dealer stock option plan expense........................          150          131           45
  Change in operating assets and liabilities --
    Accounts payable and accrued liabilities................         (137)       1,028        2,377
    Income taxes payable....................................          776         (776)          --
    Income taxes receivable.................................           --      (12,686)      12,335
    Lease payment receivable................................           --         (245)      (2,723)
    Unearned insurance premiums, insurance reserves and
      fees..................................................        1,736        1,783       (2,060)
    Deferred dealer enrollment fees, net....................         (125)         299          874
    Other assets............................................       13,878        1,703        2,163
                                                                ---------    ---------    ---------
      Net cash provided by operating activities.............       55,712       36,790       59,384
                                                                ---------    ---------    ---------
Cash Flows From Investing Activities:
  Principal collected on installment contracts receivable...      368,873      315,823      305,630
  Advances to dealers and payments of dealer holdbacks......     (290,605)    (295,587)    (298,447)
  Net proceeds from sale of advance receivables.............       49,275           --           --
  Operating lease acquisitions..............................           --       (8,538)     (39,254)
  Deferred costs from lease acquisitions....................           --       (1,069)      (5,954)
  Operating lease liquidations..............................           --           87        4,074
  Net Purchases (sales) of investments held to maturity.....        8,314          (47)         375
  Decrease in floor plan receivables -- affiliates..........        7,047        1,998        2,618
  (Increases) decrease in floor plan
    receivables -- non-affiliates...........................       (1,318)      (3,419)       4,768
  (Increases) decrease in notes receivable -- affiliates....         (120)        (412)         116
  Increases in notes receivable -- non-affiliates...........         (927)        (920)      (3,491)
  Proceeds from sale of subsidiary..........................           --       16,147           --
  Purchases of property and equipment.......................       (3,581)      (4,821)      (3,902)
  Proceeds from sale of property and equipment..............           --        5,192           --
                                                                ---------    ---------    ---------
      Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities...      136,958       24,434      (33,467)
                                                                ---------    ---------    ---------
Cash Flows From Financing Activities:
  Repayment of mortgage payable.............................         (233)        (397)        (625)
  Repayment of senior notes.................................      (38,985)    (105,586)     (14,631)
  Net borrowings (repayments) under line of credit
    agreements..............................................     (133,650)     (42,073)      51,102
  Proceeds from secured financings..........................           --       97,720       63,850
  Repayments of secured financings..........................           --      (14,523)    (102,008)
  Proceeds from mortgage loan refinancing...................           --        5,046           --
  Proceeds from stock options exercised.....................        1,430          380           79
  Repurchase of common stock................................           --       (1,510)     (18,851)
                                                                ---------    ---------    ---------
      Net cash used in financing activities.................     (171,438)     (60,943)     (21,084)
                                                                ---------    ---------    ---------
      Effect of exchange rate changes on cash...............          726       (1,603)      (5,672)
                                                                ---------    ---------    ---------
      Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash
         equivalents........................................       21,958       (1,322)        (839)
Cash and cash equivalents beginning of period...............          929       22,887       21,565
                                                                ---------    ---------    ---------
Cash and Cash Equivalents End of Period.....................    $  22,887    $  21,565    $  20,726
                                                                =========    =========    =========
Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information:
  Cash paid during the period for interest..................    $  23,142    $  18,593    $  15,092
                                                                =========    =========    =========
  Cash paid during the period for income taxes..............    $  17,812    $   8,451    $  12,958
                                                                =========    =========    =========
</TABLE>

          See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

                                        35
<PAGE>   37

                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(1) SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS

     Principal Business. Credit Acceptance Corporation and its subsidiaries
("CAC" or the "Company") is a specialized financial services company which
provides funding, receivables management, collection, sales training and related
products and services to automobile dealers located in the United States, the
United Kingdom, Canada and Ireland. The Company assists such dealers by
providing an indirect source of financing for consumers with limited access to
traditional sources of consumer credit. Installment contracts originated and
assigned to the Company by automobile dealers are generally considered to have a
high risk of default. To a lesser extent, CAC provides a vehicle lease program,
inventory floor plan financing, working capital loans for dealers and financing
to dealers operating in-house dealer financing programs. The inventory floor
plan financing and working capital loans are secured by inventory and the
related cash collections owed to the dealer by CAC, while the in-house dealer
financing programs are secured by the related installment contracts receivable.

     Credit Acceptance Corporation UK Limited, CAC of Canada Limited and Credit
Acceptance Corporation of Ireland Limited are all wholly-owned subsidiaries of
the Company that operate in their respective countries. These subsidiary
companies offer essentially the same dealer programs as are offered in the
United States with the exception of the leasing program, which is currently not
offered in the United Kingdom and Ireland.

     When the Company finances installment contracts, the dealer assigns title
to the installment contract and the security interest in the vehicle to the
Company. At the time it accepts the assignment of a contract, CAC records the
gross amount of the contract as a gross installment contract receivable. The
Company records the amount of its servicing fee as an unearned finance charge
with the remaining portion recorded as a dealer holdback (the gross amount of
the contract less the unearned finance charge). At the time of acceptance,
contracts that meet certain criteria are eligible for a cash advance, which is
computed on a formula basis. Advances are non-interest bearing and are secured
by the cash collections on all of the installment contracts receivable assigned
from an individual dealer. Dealer advances are netted against dealer holdbacks
in the accompanying consolidated financial statements, as dealer holdbacks are
not paid until such time as all advances related to such dealer have been
recovered.

     CAC collects the scheduled monthly payments based on contractual
arrangements with the consumer. Monthly cash collections are remitted to the
dealer subject to the Company first: (i) being reimbursed for certain collection
costs associated with all installment contracts originated by such dealer; (ii)
reducing the collections by the Company's servicing fee (typically 20% of the
aggregate monthly receipts after collection costs); and (iii) recovering the
aggregate advances made to such dealer.

     Upon enrollment into the Company's financing program, the dealer enters
into a servicing agreement with CAC which defines the rights and obligations of
CAC and the dealer. The servicing agreement may be terminated by the Company or
by the dealer (so long as there is no event of default or an event which with
the lapse of time, giving of notice or both, would become an event of default)
upon 30 days prior written notice. The Company may also terminate the servicing
agreement immediately in the case of an event of default by the dealer. Upon any
termination by the dealer or in the event of a default, the dealer must
immediately pay the Company: (i) any unreimbursed collection costs; (ii) any
unpaid advances and all amounts owed by the dealer to the Company; and (iii) a
termination fee equal to the unearned finance charge of the then outstanding
amount of the installment contracts originated by such dealer and accepted by
the Company.

     Automotive Leasing. Through its automotive leasing business, the Company
purchases used vehicle leases originated by dealers participating in the
Company's automotive leasing programs. The program is designed to provide select
franchised new vehicle dealers with a leasing alternative for Non-prime
Consumers with limited access to traditional sources of consumer credit. Under
the Company's leasing program, the Company purchases vehicle leases from the
dealer for an amount that is generally based on the value of the vehicle as
determined by industry guidebooks, assumes ownership of the related vehicle from
the dealer and
                                        36
<PAGE>   38
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

(1) SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES -- (CONTINUED)

takes title to the vehicle. This program differs from the Company's principal
business in that, as these leases are purchased outright, the Company does not
have any potential liability to the dealer for future collections after the
purchase of the lease. Additionally, the customer is required to remit a
security deposit to the Company at lease origination. Pursuant to the dealer
lease agreement, the dealer represents that it will only submit contracts that
satisfy criteria established by the Company and comply with applicable state,
federal and foreign laws and regulations. Customer payments are applied toward
the customer's outstanding lease receivable. At lease termination, the Company
is responsible for the ultimate disposal of the vehicle, which is sold back to
the dealer or the customer or at an auction.

     Ancillary Products and Services. Buyers Vehicle Protection Plan, Inc.
("BVPP") and CAC Reinsurance, Ltd. ("CAC Reinsurance"), both wholly-owned
subsidiaries of the Company, provide additional services to participating
dealers.

     BVPP administers short-term limited extended service contracts offered by
participating dealers. In connection therewith, BVPP bears the risk of loss for
any repairs covered under the service contract. In 2000, the Company changed
accounting methods to recognize income and related expense for the service
contract program on an accelerated basis over the life of the service contract.
Previously, the income and related expenses were recorded on a straight-line
basis over the life of the service contracts. The change was based on an
analysis of historical claims experience and made to more accurately match the
timing of the income and expenses pertaining to the service contracts. The
change in accounting method was immaterial to the current financial statements
and is not expected to have a material impact on subsequent periods. In
addition, BVPP has relationships with third party service contract providers
that pay BVPP a fee on service contracts included on installment contracts
financed through participating dealers. BVPP does not bear any risk of loss for
covered claims on these third party service contracts. The income from the
non-refundable fee is recognized upon acceptance of the installment contract.
The Company advances to dealers an amount equal to the purchase price of the
vehicle service contract on contracts accepted by the Company that includes
vehicle service contracts.

     CAC Reinsurance is engaged primarily in the business of reinsuring credit
life and disability insurance policies issued to borrowers under installment
contracts originated by participating dealers. The Company advances to dealers
an amount equal to the credit life and disability insurance premium on contracts
accepted by the Company which include credit life and disability insurance
written by the Company's designated insurance carriers. The policies insure the
holder of the installment contract for the outstanding balance payable in the
event of death or disability of the debtor. Premiums are ceded to CAC
Reinsurance on both an earned and written basis and are earned over the life of
the contracts using pro rata and sum-of-digits methods. CAC Reinsurance bears
the risk of loss attendant to claims under the coverages ceded to it.

     To a lesser extent, CAC Reinsurance has arrangements with insurance
carriers and a third party administrator to market and provide claims
administration for a dual interest collateral protection program. This insurance
program, which insures the financed vehicle against physical damage up to the
lesser of the cost to repair the vehicle or the unpaid balance owed on the
related installment contract, is made available to borrowers who finance
vehicles through participating dealers. If desired by a borrower, collateral
protection insurance coverage is written under group master policies issued by
unaffiliated insurance carriers to the Company. As part of the program, the
insurance carriers cede insurance coverages and premiums (less a fee) to CAC
Reinsurance, which acts as a reinsurer of such coverages. As a result, CAC
Reinsurance bears the risk of loss attendant to claims under the coverages ceded
to it, and earns revenues resulting from premiums ceded and the investment of
such funds.

     Other Services -- Installment Contract Purchase Program. In the United
States, the Company offers an installment contract purchase program to public
vehicle auctions and dealers, which sell vehicles to Non-prime Consumers. An
affiliated consulting company administers the marketing of the program and is
paid a commission on ancillary products sold and financed by the Company. The
Company purchases the contracts
                                        37
<PAGE>   39
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

(1) SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES -- (CONTINUED)

for the amount financed under the contract less a fee. The contracts are
purchased without recourse to the auctions and dealers.

     Significant accounting policies are described in the following paragraphs.

PRINCIPLES OF CONSOLIDATION

     The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company
and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany transactions
have been eliminated.

REPORTABLE BUSINESS SEGMENTS

     The Company is organized into three primary business segments: CAC North
America, CAC United Kingdom and CAC Automotive Leasing. See Note 13 for
information regarding the Company's reportable segments.

USE OF ESTIMATES

     The accounting and reporting policies of the Company require management to
make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of
the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the reporting period. The accounts which are subject to such estimation
techniques include the reserve against advances, the allowance for credit
losses, the retained interest in securitization and the residual reserve on
leased assets. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS

     The Company purchases interest rate cap and floor agreements to manage its
interest rate risk on its secured financings. The Company does not hold or issue
derivative financial instruments for trading purposes. Premiums paid for
interest rate caps are amortized to interest expense over the terms of the
related debt obligations.

     The derivative agreements generally match the notional amounts of the
hedged debt to assure the effectiveness of the derivatives in reducing interest
rate risk. As of December 31, 2000, the following interest rate cap agreements
were outstanding:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                  COMMERCIAL PAPER
NOTIONAL AMOUNT                       CAP RATE                     TERM
---------------                   ----------------    -------------------------------
<S>                               <C>                 <C>
 $ 2,653,755 .................          7.5%          July 1998 through October 2001
  22,627,295 .................          7.5%          July 1999 through August 2003
  16,723,509 .................          7.5%          December 1999 through June 2003
  14,381,345 .................          8.5%          August 2000 through August 2004
</TABLE>

     As of December 31, 2000, the following interest rate floor agreement was
outstanding:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                     COMMERCIAL PAPER
NOTIONAL AMOUNT                         FLOOR RATE                   TERM
---------------                      ----------------    -----------------------------
<S>                                  <C>                 <C>
 $22,627,295 ....................          4.79%         July 1999 through August 2003
</TABLE>

     The Company is exposed to credit risk in the event of nonperformance by the
counterparty to its interest rate cap agreements. The Company anticipates that
its counterparty will fully perform their obligations under the agreements. The
Company manages credit risk by utilizing a financially sound counterparty.

                                        38
<PAGE>   40
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

(1) SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES -- (CONTINUED)

FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION

     The financial position and results of operations of the Company's foreign
operations are measured using the local currency as the functional currency.
Revenues and expenses are translated at average exchange rates during the year
and assets and liabilities are translated at current exchange rates at the
balance sheet date. Translation adjustments are reflected in accumulated other
comprehensive income, as a separate component of shareholders' equity.

     On January 1, 1999, 11 of 15 member countries of the European Monetary
Union established fixed conversion rates between their existing currencies and
adopted the euro as their new common currency. The euro trades on currency
exchanges and the legacy currencies remain legal tender in the participating
countries for a transition period until January 1, 2002. Beginning on January 1,
2002, euro denominated bills and coins will be issued and legacy currencies will
be withdrawn from circulation.

     The Company will assess and address the potential impact to CAC that may
result from the euro conversion, as the Company has operations in both the
United Kingdom and Ireland. These issues include, but are not limited to: (i)
the technical challenges to adapt information systems to accommodate euro
transactions; (ii) the impact on currency exchange rate risks; (iii) the impact
on existing contracts; and (iv) tax and accounting implications. The Company
expects that the euro conversion will not have a material adverse impact on its
consolidated financial condition or results of operations.

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

     Cash equivalents consist of readily marketable securities with original
maturities at the date of acquisition of three months or less.

INVESTMENTS

     Investments consist principally of short-term money market funds and U.S.
Treasury securities which the Company has both the intent and the ability to
hold to maturity.

INSTALLMENT CONTRACTS RECEIVABLE

     Installment contracts receivable are collateralized by vehicle titles, and
the Company has the right to repossess the vehicle in the event that the
consumer defaults on the payment terms of the contract. Repossessed collateral
is valued at the lower of the carrying amount of the receivable or estimated
fair value, less estimated costs of disposition, and is classified in
installment contracts receivable on the balance sheets. At December 31, 1999 and
2000, repossessed assets totaled approximately $5.5 million and $5.6 million,
respectively. The Company's policy for non-accrual loans is 90 days measured on
a recency basis (no material payments received). The Company writes-off
delinquent installment contracts at nine months on a recency basis.

ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES

     The Company maintains an allowance for credit losses which, in the opinion
of management, adequately reserves against losses in the portfolio of
receivables. The risk of loss to the Company related to the installment
contracts receivable balances relates primarily to the earned but unpaid revenue
on installment contracts which were transferred to non-accrual status during the
period. Servicing fees, which are booked as finance charges, are recognized
under the interest method of accounting until the underlying obligation is 90
days past due on a recency basis. At such time, the Company suspends the accrual
of revenue and makes a provision for credit losses equal to the earned but
unpaid revenue. In all cases, contracts on which no material payment has been
received for nine months are charged off against dealer holdbacks, unearned
finance charges and the

                                        39
<PAGE>   41
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

(1) SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES -- (CONTINUED)

allowance for credit losses. Ultimate losses may vary from current estimates and
the amount of the provision, which is current expense, may be either greater or
less than actual charge-offs.

RESERVE ON ADVANCES

     When a participating dealer assigns an installment contract to the Company,
the Company generally pays a cash advance to the dealer. These advance balances
represent the Company's primary risk of loss related to the finding activity
with the dealers. The Company maintains a reserve against advances to dealers
that are not expected to be recovered through collections on the related
installment contract portfolio. For purposes of establishing the reserve, the
present value of estimated future collections on installment contracts are
compared to the advance balance. The discount rate used for present value
purposes is equal to the rate of return expected upon origination of the
advance. The Company's Loan Servicing System allows the Company to estimate
future collections for each dealer pool using historical loss experience and a
dealer-by-dealer static pool analysis. Future reserve requirements will depend
in part on the magnitude of the variance between management's estimate of future
collections and the actual collections that are realized. Estimating cash
collections from the installment contracts receivable is complicated by the
unusual payment patterns of the borrowers who generally cannot obtain
traditional financing. The evaluation of the reserve against advances considers
such factors as current delinquencies, the characteristics of the accounts, the
value of the underlying collateral, the location of the borrower, general
economic conditions and trends among other information. Although the Company
uses many resources to assess the adequacy of the reserve against advances,
actual losses may vary significantly from current estimates and the amount of
provision, which is a current expense, may be either greater or less than actual
charge offs. The Company charges off dealer advances against the reserve at such
time, and to the extent, that the Company's static pool analysis determines that
the advance is completely or partially impaired.

FLOOR PLAN RECEIVABLES

     CAC finances used vehicle inventories for automotive dealers. Amounts
loaned are secured by the related inventories and any future cash collections
owed to the dealer on outstanding retail installment contracts.

NOTES RECEIVABLE

     Notes receivable are primarily working capital loans to dealers and are due
on demand. These notes receivable are secured by substantially all assets of the
dealer including any future cash collections owed to the dealer on outstanding
retail installment contracts.

ADVANCE RECEIVABLE SALES

     When the Company sells advance receivables in securitizations, it retains
interest-only strips and servicing rights, all of which are retained interests
in the securitized assets. Gain or loss on sale of the advance receivables
depends in part on the previous carrying amount of advances, allocated between
the portion sold and the portion retained in proportion to their relative fair
value. To obtain fair values, quoted market prices are used if available.
However, quotes are generally not available for retained interests, so the
Company generally estimates fair value based on the present value of future cash
flows expected under management's best estimates of the key
assumptions -- credit losses, timing of projected collections, and discount
rates commensurate with the risks involved. The Company evaluates the fair value
and potential impairment of its retained interest in securitization on a
quarterly basis.

PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

     Additions to property and equipment are recorded at cost. Depreciation is
generally provided on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives
(primarily five to forty years) of the assets. The cost of assets
                                        40
<PAGE>   42
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

(1) SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES -- (CONTINUED)

sold or retired and the related accumulated depreciation are removed from the
accounts at the time of disposition and any resulting gain or loss is included
in operations. Maintenance, repairs and minor replacements are charged to
operations as incurred; major replacements and betterments are capitalized.

INVESTMENTS IN OPERATING LEASES, NET

     Leased assets are generally depreciated to their residual values on a
straight-line basis over the scheduled lease term. The Company maintains an
allowance for lease vehicle losses that consists of a repossession reserve and a
residual reserve. The repossession reserve is intended to cover losses resulting
from: i) earned but unpaid lease payment revenue; and ii) the difference between
proceeds from vehicle disposals and the net book value. The residual reserve is
intended to cover losses resulting from vehicle disposals at the end of the
lease term. The residual values represent estimates of the asset values of the
vehicles at the end of the lease contracts based on industry guidebooks and
other information. . Realization of the residual values is dependent on the
Company's future ability to market the vehicles under then prevailing market
conditions.

DEALER HOLDBACKS

     As part of the dealer servicing agreement, the Company establishes a dealer
holdback to protect the Company from potential losses associated with
installment contracts. This dealer holdback is not paid until such time as all
advances related to such dealer have been recovered.

INCOME TAXES

     Deferred income taxes are provided for all temporary differences between
the book and tax basis of assets and liabilities. Deferred income taxes are
adjusted to reflect new tax rates when they are enacted into law.

REVENUE RECOGNITION

     Finance Charges. The Company computes its servicing fee based upon the
gross amount due under the installment contract. Income is recognized under the
interest method of accounting until the underlying obligation is 90 days past
due on a recency basis. At such time, the Company suspends the accrual of
revenue and makes a provision for credit losses equal to the earned but unpaid
revenue.

     Lease Revenue. Income from operating lease assets is recognized on a
straight-line basis over the scheduled lease term. Revenue recognition is
suspended at the point the customer becomes three payments past due.

     Premiums Earned. Credit life and disability premiums and collision premiums
are ceded to the Company on both an earned and written basis and are earned over
the life of the contracts using the pro rata and sum-of-digits methods. In 2000,
the Company changed accounting methods to recognize income and related expense
for the service contract program on an accelerated basis over the life of the
service contract. Previously, the income and related expenses were recorded on a
straight-line basis over the life of the service contracts. The change was based
on an analysis of historical claims experience and made to more accurately match
the timing of the income and expenses pertaining to the service contracts. The
change in accounting method was immaterial to the current financial statements
and is not expected to have a material impact on subsequent periods.

     Other Income. Dealers are charged an initial fee to floor plan a vehicle.
Interest is charged based on the number of days a vehicle remains on the floor
plan. Interest rates typically range from 12% to 18% per annum.

     Enrollment fees are generally paid by each dealer signing a servicing
agreement and are nonrefundable. These fees and the related direct incremental
costs of originating these fees are deferred and amortized on a straight-line
basis over the estimated repayment term of the outstanding dealer advance.

                                        41
<PAGE>   43
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

(1) SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES -- (CONCLUDED)

     Interest on notes receivable is recognized in income based on the
outstanding monthly balance and is generally 5% to 18% per annum.

     Fees received by the Company for the sale of third party vehicle service
contracts are recognized upon acceptance of the related installment contract
receivable as the Company bears no further obligation.

CURRENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

     In June 2000, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 138, "Accounting for Certain
Derivative Instruments and Certain Hedging Activities -- an amendment of FASB
Statement No. 133" (SFAS No. 138). This Statement addresses a limited number of
issues causing implementation difficulties for numerous entities required to
apply Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 133, "Accounting for
Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities" (SFAS No. 133). SFAS No. 133 and
SFAS No. 138 establish accounting and reporting standards for derivative
instruments, including certain derivative instruments embedded in other
contracts, and for hedging activities. The statements require that all
derivatives be recognized as either assets or liabilities in the consolidated
balance sheet and that those instruments be measured at fair value. If certain
conditions are met, a derivative may be specifically designated as a hedging
instrument. The accounting for changes in the fair value of a derivative (that
is, gains and losses) depends on the intended use of the derivative and
resulting designation. On January 1, 2001, the Company adopted SFAS No. 133 and
SFAS No. 138 and at that time an after-tax amount associated with establishing
the fair values of the derivative instruments on the balance sheet of
approximately $9,500 was recorded as a increase in net income and other
comprehensive income.

     In July 2000, the Emerging Issues Task Force ("EITF") finalized the
provisions of EITF Issue No. 99-20, "Recognition of Interest Income and
Impairment of Purchased and Retained Beneficial Interests in Securitized
Financial Assets" ("EITF 99-20"). EITF 99-20 sets forth rules for recognizing
interest income and determining when securities must be written down to fair
value in instances other than temporary impairments. EITF 99-20 will require the
"prospective method" of adjusting the recognition of interest income when the
anticipated cash flows have either increased or decreased. Anticipated cash
flows can change as the result of factors such as prepayment rates and credit
losses. Under the provisions of EITF 99-20, an impairment, other than a
temporary impairment, must be recorded when the anticipated cash flows have
decreased since the last estimate and the fair value of the retained interest is
less than the carrying value. Any write-down associated with the implementation
of EITF 99-20 would be reported as a "cumulative effect of a change in
accounting principle" and would be reported on a prospective basis. On January
1, 2001, the Company adopted EITF 99-20. The adoption of this statement did not
have a material effect on the Company's financial position or results of
operations.

     In September 2000, the FASB issued SFAS No. 140, "Accounting for Transfers
and Servicing of Financial Assets and Extinguishments of Liabilities" ("SFAS No.
140"). SFAS No. 140 replaces Statement of Accounting Standard No. 125 ("SFAS No.
125"), which bears the same title. SFAS No. 140 is effective for transfers and
servicing of financial assets and extinguishments of liabilities occurring after
March 31, 2001. Other provisions of the statement became effective for the
Company's 2000 year-end reporting and include additional disclosure requirements
and changes related to the recognition and reclassification of collateral. Based
on current circumstances management believes the application of the new rules
will not have a material impact on the Company's financial position, results of
operations or liquidity.

RECLASSIFICATION

     Certain amounts for the prior periods have been reclassified to conform to
the current presentation.

                                        42
<PAGE>   44
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

(2) FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

     The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair value
of each class of financial instruments for which it is practicable to estimate
their value.

     Cash and Cash Equivalents. The carrying amount of cash and cash equivalents
approximate their fair value due to the short maturity of these instruments.

     Investments. The carrying amount of the investments approximates their fair
value due to the short maturity of these instruments.

     Installment Contracts Receivable and Net Dealer Holdbacks. As the majority
of the Company's revenue is derived from the servicing fee it receives on the
gross amount due under the installment contract (typically 20% of the principal
and interest), the Company's revenues from servicing fees are not materially
impacted by changes in interest rates. As such, the carrying amounts recorded on
a historical cost basis for installment contracts receivable and net dealer
holdbacks in the financial statements related to the financing and service
program which the Company provides to dealers approximates fair value.

     Floor Plan and Notes Receivable. The fair values of floor plan and note
receivables are estimated by discounting the future cash flows using applicable
current interest rates.

     Retained Interest in Securitization. The fair value of the retained
interest in securitization is estimated by discounting expected future excess
cash flows utilizing current assumptions as described in Note 4.

     Debt. The fair value of debt is determined using quoted market prices, if
available, or calculating the estimated value of each debt instrument based on
current rates offered to the Company for debt with similar maturities.

     The fair value of interest rate caps represents the amount that the Company
would receive to terminate the agreement, taking into account current interest
rates, which was immaterial as of December 31, 1999 and 2000.

     A comparison of the carrying value and fair value of these financial
instruments is as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                      YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                          ------------------------------------------------
                                                   1999                      2000
                                          ----------------------    ----------------------
                                          CARRYING                  CARRYING
                                           AMOUNT     FAIR VALUE     AMOUNT     FAIR VALUE
                                          --------    ----------    --------    ----------
<S>                                       <C>         <C>           <C>         <C>
Cash and cash equivalents.............    $ 21,565     $ 21,565     $ 20,726     $ 20,726
Investments -- held to maturity.......       1,126        1,126          751          751
Installment contracts receivable,
  net.................................     565,983      565,983      564,260      564,260
Floor plan receivable.................      15,492       15,492        8,106        8,106
Notes receivable......................       3,610        3,610        6,985        6,985
Retained interest in securitization...       4,105        4,105        5,001        5,001
Senior notes..........................      30,579       30,491       15,948       15,908
Lines of credit.......................      36,994       36,994       88,096       88,096
Mortgage loan payable to bank.........       8,215        8,215        7,590        7,590
Secured financing.....................      83,197       83,197       45,039       45,039
Dealer holdbacks, net.................     202,143      202,143      214,468      214,468
</TABLE>

     A portion of the Company's cash and cash equivalents are restricted
pursuant to: (i) the secured financings of advance receivables totaling $10.4
million and $6.9 million at December 31, 1999 and 2000, respectively; and (ii)
the reinsurance agreements, totaling $5.5 million and $3.7 million at December
31, 1999 and 2000, respectively.

                                        43
<PAGE>   45
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

(2) FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS -- (CONCLUDED)

     All investments are categorized as held-to-maturity. Pursuant to
reinsurance agreements, the Company is required to hold short-term investments
in a trust account. The restricted investments totaled approximately $1.0
million and $0.6 million at December 31, 1999 and 2000, respectively.

(3) INSTALLMENT CONTRACTS RECEIVABLE

     Installment contracts generally have initial terms ranging from 24 to 48
months and are collateralized by the related vehicles. The initial average term
of an installment contract was approximately 31 months in 1998 and 32 months in
each of 1999 and 2000. As of December 31, 1999 and 2000, the accrual of finance
charge revenue has been suspended, and fully reserved for, on approximately
$156.5 million and $145.5 million of delinquent installment contracts,
respectively. Installment contracts receivable consisted of the following (in
thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                           AS OF DECEMBER 31,
                                                           -------------------
                                                             1999       2000
                                                           --------   --------
<S>                                                        <C>        <C>
Gross installment contracts receivable...................  $679,247   $674,402
Unearned finance charges.................................   (99,174)   (98,214)
Unearned insurance premiums, insurance reserves and
  fees...................................................    (9,348)    (7,288)
                                                           --------   --------
Installment contracts receivable.........................  $570,725   $568,900
                                                           ========   ========
Non-accrual installment contracts as a percent of total
  gross installment contracts............................      23.0%      21.6%
                                                           ========   ========
</TABLE>

     A summary of changes in gross installment contracts receivable is as
follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                      YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                ------------------------------------
                                                   1998         1999         2000
                                                ----------    ---------    ---------
<S>                                             <C>           <C>          <C>
Balance -- beginning of period..............    $1,254,858    $ 794,831    $ 679,247
Gross amount of installment contracts
  accepted..................................       580,578      533,111      548,024
Gross installment contracts underlying
  advance receivables securitized...........       (98,591)          --           --
Cash collections on installment contracts
  accepted..................................      (493,900)    (409,742)    (395,061)
Charge offs.................................      (449,870)    (234,167)    (144,828)
Currency translation........................         1,756       (4,786)     (12,980)
                                                ----------    ---------    ---------
Balance -- end of period....................    $  794,831    $ 679,247    $ 674,402
                                                ==========    =========    =========
</TABLE>

     A summary of the allowance for credit losses is as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                         YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                       -----------------------------
                                                        1998       1999       2000
                                                       -------    -------    -------
<S>                                                    <C>        <C>        <C>
Balance -- beginning of period.....................    $13,119    $ 7,075    $ 4,742
Provision for loan losses..........................      3,432      1,205      1,647
Allowance on installment contracts underlying
  advance receivables securitized..................     (1,107)        --         --
Charge offs, net...................................     (8,392)    (3,489)    (1,688)
Currency translation...............................         23        (49)       (61)
                                                       -------    -------    -------
Balance -- end of period...........................    $ 7,075    $ 4,742    $ 4,640
                                                       =======    =======    =======
</TABLE>

                                        44
<PAGE>   46
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

(3) INSTALLMENT CONTRACTS RECEIVABLE -- (CONCLUDED)

     Recoveries related to charged off contracts are primarily the result of the
recovery of earned but unpaid finance charges and are netted against
charge-offs.

     The Company's financing and service program allows dealers to establish the
interest rate on contracts, which typically is the maximum rate allowable by the
state or country in which the dealer is doing business.

(4) ADVANCE RECEIVABLE SALES

     On July 8, 1998, the Company completed a $50 million securitization of
advance receivables. The installment contracts supporting the dealer advances
that were sold included contracts with origination dates ranging from July 1990
to June 1998, with a weighted average age of 15 months as of the date of the
transaction. The amount of such contracts included on the Company's balance
sheet as of June 30, 1998 was $98.6 million, of which $43.8 million was in
non-accrual status. Pursuant to this transaction, the Company contributed dealer
advances having a carrying value of approximately $56 million and received
approximately $49.3 million in financing from an institutional investor. The
debt is non-recourse to the Company and bears interest at the applicable
commercial paper rate plus 1% with a maximum of 7.5%. The commercial paper may
be issued for terms of between 1 and 270 days. As of December 31, 2000, the debt
is anticipated to fully amortize within 6 months. The Company initially
recognized a gain on the transaction of approximately $685,000 which represents
the difference between the sale proceeds to the Company, net of transaction
costs, and the Company's carrying amount of the dealer advances, plus the
present value of the estimated cash flows to be received by the Company. In
determining the gain on the sale of receivables and the estimated fair value of
the Company's retained interest in securitization, the Company assumed an excess
cash flow discount rate of 15%, cumulative credit losses of 14% on the related
installment contracts receivable (which is less than the Company would have
incurred had these assets been securitized when originated) and an interest rate
of 7.5% on the underlying debt. The excess cash flows result from the amount by
which projected collections on the installment contracts exceeds (i) the
principal and interest to be paid to the institutional investor and (ii) the
amount of dealer holdback due to dealers.

     In the securitization, the Company retained servicing responsibilities and
subordinated interests. The Company receives monthly servicing fees of 4% of the
collections on the installment contracts receivable, and rights to future cash
flows arising after the investor has received the return for which they are
contracted. The present value of estimated cash flows has been recorded by the
Company as a retained interest in securitization of $4.1 and $5.0 million as of
December 31, 1999 and 2000, respectively. The investors have no recourse to the
Company's other assets for failure of debtors to pay when due. The Company's
retained interests are generally restricted until investors have been fully paid
and are subordinate to investors' interests.

     The Company received servicing fees of approximately $815,000, $1,040,000
and $467,000 in 1998, 1999 and 2000, respectively. The Company also received
approximately $3.2 million and $1.4 million in 1999 and 2000, respectively to be
distributed to dealers for the payment of dealer holdbacks.

     The Company recorded a $13.5 million valuation adjustment in 1999 on the
retained interest in securitization. The retained interest in securitization
represents an accounting estimate based on several variables including the
amount and timing of collections on the underlying installment contracts
receivable, the amount and timing of projected dealer holdback payments and
interest costs. The Company regularly reviews the actual performance of these
variables against the assumptions used to record the retained interest. This
evaluation led to a reassessment of the timing and amount of collections on the
installment contracts underlying the securitized advances and the resulting
$13.5 million write down in 1999. For purposes of valuing the retained interest
as of December 31, 2000, the Company assumed an excess cash flow discount rate
of 15% and an interest rate of 7.5% on the underlying debt.

     The Company estimates that it will exercise its clean up call option for
the securitization in the second quarter of 2001 and that the recorded value of
the Company's retained interest will be realized in full.

                                        45
<PAGE>   47
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

(5) PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

     Property and equipment consists of the following at December 31 (in
thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                1999       2000
                                                               -------    -------
<S>                                                            <C>        <C>
Land.......................................................    $ 2,587    $ 2,587
Building and improvements..................................      6,804      7,069
Data processing equipment..................................     17,828     21,295
Office furniture & equipment...............................      2,292      2,468
Leasehold improvements.....................................        706        700
                                                               -------    -------
                                                                30,217     34,119
Less accumulated depreciation..............................     11,974     15,701
                                                               -------    -------
                                                               $18,243    $18,418
                                                               =======    =======
</TABLE>

     Depreciation expense on property and equipment was $3,793,000, $4,128,000
and $3,727,000 in 1998, 1999 and 2000, respectively.

(6) LEASED PROPERTIES

PROPERTY LEASED TO OTHERS

     The Company leases part of its headquarters to outside parties under
non-cancelable operating leases. This activity is not a significant part of its
business activities. Rental income, which is included in other income, is
recognized on a straight-line basis over the related lease term. Rental income
on leased property was $997,000, $1,105,000 and $1,075,000 for 1998, 1999 and
2000, respectively.

PROPERTY LEASED FROM OTHERS

     The Company utilizes leases in its day-to-day operations for administrative
offices and office equipment. Management expects that in the normal course of
business, leases will be renewed or replaced by other leases.

     Total rental expense on all operating leases was $388,000, $499,000 and
$335,000 for 1998, 1999 and 2000, respectively. Contingent rentals under the
operating leases were insignificant. Minimum future lease commitments under
operating leases are as follows:

<TABLE>
<S>                                                             <C>
2001........................................................    $  358,000
2002........................................................       359,000
2003........................................................       359,000
2004........................................................       225,000
2005........................................................       198,000
Thereafter..................................................       313,000
                                                                ----------
  Total minimum lease commitments...........................    $1,812,000
                                                                ==========
</TABLE>

                                        46
<PAGE>   48
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

(7) INVESTMENTS IN OPERATING LEASES

     The composition of net investment in operating leases consisted of the
following at December 31 (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                               1999         2000
                                                              ------       -------
<S>                                                           <C>          <C>
Gross leased assets.......................................    $8,443       $42,449
Accumulated depreciation..................................      (453)       (5,283)
Gross deferred costs......................................     1,061         6,245
Accumulated amortization of deferred costs................      (108)       (1,435)
Lease payments receivable.................................       245         2,968
                                                              ------       -------
Investment in operating leases............................     9,188        44,944
Less: Allowance for lease vehicle losses..................       (91)       (2,023)
                                                              ------       -------
Investment in operating leases, net.......................    $9,097       $42,921
                                                              ======       =======
</TABLE>

     A summary of changes in gross leased assets is as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                  YEARS ENDED
                                                                  DECEMBER 31,
                                                              --------------------
                                                               1999         2000
                                                              ------       -------
<S>                                                           <C>          <C>
Balance -- beginning of period............................    $   --       $ 8,443
Gross operating leases originated.........................     8,538        39,254
Operating lease liquidations..............................       (95)       (5,258)
Currency translation......................................        --            10
                                                              ------       -------
Balance -- end of period..................................    $8,443       $42,449
                                                              ======       =======
</TABLE>

     A summary of the allowance for lease vehicle losses is as follows (in
thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                  YEARS ENDED
                                                                  DECEMBER 31,
                                                              --------------------
                                                               1999         2000
                                                              ------       -------
<S>                                                           <C>          <C>
Balance -- beginning of period............................    $   --       $    91
Provision for lease vehicle losses........................        99         3,013
Charge offs...............................................        (8)       (1,081)
                                                              ------       -------
Balance -- end of period..................................    $   91       $ 2,023
                                                              ======       =======
</TABLE>

     Future minimum rentals on vehicles leased at December 31, 2000 are $21.2
million, $19.4 million, $6.9 million and $186,000 in 2001, 2002, 2003 and 2004,
respectively.

(8) DEBT

SENIOR NOTES

     As of December 31, 2000, the Company had $7,995,000, $5,290,000 and
$2,663,000 in outstanding borrowings under the three series of Senior Notes
issued to various insurance companies in 1994, 1996 and 1997, respectively. The
Notes are secured through a lien on most of the Company's assets on an equal and
ratable basis with the Company's credit agreement and require semi-annual
interest payments and annual payments of principal. The final payments are due
November 1, 2001, July 1, 2001 and October 1, 2001 for the 1994, 1996 and 1997
series of Senior Notes, respectively. The interest rates at December 31, 1999
were 9.87%, 8.99% and 8.77% and increased on January 15, 2000 to 10.37%, 9.49%
and 9.27% for the 1994, 1996 and 1997 series of Senior Notes, respectively.

                                        47
<PAGE>   49
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

(8) DEBT -- (CONTINUED)

MORTGAGE LOAN PAYABLE

     The Company has a mortgage loan from a commercial bank that is secured by a
first mortgage lien on the Company's headquarters building and an assignment of
all leases, rents, revenues and profits under all present and future leases of
the building. During 1999, the Company refinanced this loan, borrowing an
additional $5.0 million of principal. There was $8,215,000 and $7,590,000
outstanding on this loan as of December 31, 1999 and 2000, respectively. The
refinanced loan matures on May 1, 2004, requires monthly payments of principal
and interest and bears interest at a fixed rate of 7.07%.

SECURED FINANCING

     On July 21, 1999 and August 8, 2000, the Company completed two secured
financings of advance receivables for $50 million and $65 million, respectively,
receiving a total of approximately $113.4 million in financing from an
institutional investor. The secured financings are secured by dealer advances
having a carrying value as of the date of the transactions of approximately
$62.4 million and $82.4 for the July 1999 and August 8, 2000 secured financings,
respectively. The secured financings are non-recourse to the Company and bear
interest at the applicable commercial paper rate plus 70 basis points with a
maximum of 7.5% for the July 21, 1999 financing and the applicable commercial
paper rate plus 57.5 basis points with a maximum of 8.5% for the August 8, 2000
secured financing. The interest rates at December 31, 2000 on the July 1999 and
August 2000 secured financings were 6.55% and 6.66%, respectively. The
commercial paper may be issued for terms between 1 and 270 days. As of December
31, 2000, the July 1999 secured financing had an outstanding balance of
approximately $7.4 million and was anticipated to fully amortize within nine
months while the August 2000 secured financing has an outstanding balance of
$37.6 million and is anticipated to fully amortize within eleven months.

LINES OF CREDIT

     The Company has a $115 million credit agreement with a commercial bank
syndicate with a commitment period through June 12, 2001 subject to annual
extensions for additional one year periods at the request of the Company and
with the consent of each of the banks in the facility. The borrowings are
secured by a lien on most of the Company's assets, including a pledge of the
stock in its United Kingdom subsidiary, with interest payable at the
Eurocurrency rate plus 1.4% or at the prime rate (9.5% as of December 31, 2000).
The Eurocurrency borrowings may be fixed for periods of up to six months. The
Company must pay an agent's fee of $36,000 annually and a commitment fee of .60%
quarterly on the amount of the commitment. In addition, when outstanding
borrowings under the commitment exceed 50% of the amount of the commitment, the
Company must pay, quarterly, a fee equal to .25% on the amount outstanding under
the commitment. As of December 31, 2000, there was approximately $87.2 million
outstanding under this facility. The maximum amount outstanding was
approximately $81.4 million and $107.6 million in 1999 and 2000, respectively.
The weighted average balance outstanding was $49.5 million and $73.6 million in
1999 and 2000, respectively.

     The Company also has a 2.0 million British pound sterling line of credit
agreement with a commercial bank in the United Kingdom, which is used to fund
the day to day cash flow requirements of the Company's United Kingdom
subsidiary. The borrowings are secured by a letter of credit issued by the
Company's principal commercial bank, with interest payable at the greater of the
United Kingdom bank's base rate (6.0% as of December 31, 2000) plus 65 basis
points or at the LIBOR rate plus 56.25 basis points. The rates may be fixed for
periods of up to six months. As of December 31, 2000, there was approximately
0.8 million British pounds ($553,000) outstanding under this facility, which
matures on October 31, 2001. The maximum amount outstanding was 2.3 million
British pounds ($3.7 million) and 2.1 million British pounds ($3.0 million) in
1999 and 2000, respectively. The weighted average balance outstanding was 1.4
million British pounds ($2.3 million) and 1.2 million British pounds ($1.9
million) in 1999 and 2000, respectively.

                                        48
<PAGE>   50
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

(8) DEBT -- (CONCLUDED)

     The Company also has a 1,000,000 Canadian dollar line of credit with a
commercial bank in Canada, which is used to fund the day to day cash flow
requirements of the Company's Canadian subsidiary. The borrowings are secured by
a letter of credit issued by the Company's principal commercial bank, with
interest payable at the LIBOR rate plus 1.4% or at the Canadian bank's prime
rate (7.5% at December 31, 2000). Additionally, the Company must pay a
commitment fee of .60% quarterly on the amount of the commitment. As of December
31, 2000, there was approximately 477,000 Canadian dollars ($318,000)
outstanding under the facility, which matures on June 9, 2001.

     The weighted average interest rate on line of credit borrowings outstanding
was 7.5% and 7.8% as of December 31, 1999 and 2000, respectively.

PRINCIPAL DEBT MATURITIES

     The scheduled principal maturities of the Company's long-term debt at
December 31, 2000 are as follows (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<S>                                                             <C>
2001........................................................    $61,659
2002........................................................        723
2003........................................................        776
2004........................................................      5,419
                                                                -------
                                                                $68,577
                                                                =======
</TABLE>

     Included in scheduled principal maturities are anticipated maturities of
secured financing debt. The maturities of this debt are dependent on the timing
of cash collections on the contributed installment contracts receivable, the
amounts due to dealers for payments of dealer holdback and changes in interest
rates on the commercial paper. Such amounts included in the table above for 2001
are $45.0 million .

DEBT COVENANTS

     The Company must comply with various restrictive debt covenants that
require the maintenance of certain financial ratios and other financial
conditions. The most restrictive covenants limit the ratio of debt to equity,
the ratio of earnings before interest, taxes and non-cash expenses to fixed
charges, the Company's investment in its subsidiaries, the ratio of debt to
advances, the ratio of debt to gross installment contracts receivable and the
ratio of advances to installment contracts receivable, and require that the
Company maintain specified minimum levels of net worth.

(9) DEALER HOLDBACKS AND RESERVE ON ADVANCES

     Dealer holdbacks consisted of the following (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                             1999         2000
                                                           ---------    ---------
<S>                                                        <C>          <C>
Dealer holdbacks.......................................    $ 540,799    $ 537,679
Less: advances (net of reserve of $4,239 and $6,788 in
  1999 and 2000, respectively).........................     (338,656)    (323,211)
                                                           ---------    ---------
Dealer holdbacks, net..................................    $ 202,143    $ 214,468
                                                           =========    =========
</TABLE>

                                        49
<PAGE>   51
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

(9) DEALER HOLDBACKS AND RESERVE ON ADVANCES -- (CONCLUDED)

     A summary of the change in the reserve against advances (classified with
net dealer holdbacks in the accompanying balance sheets) is as follows (in
thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                         YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                      ------------------------------
                                                       1998        1999       2000
                                                      -------    --------    -------
<S>                                                   <C>        <C>         <C>
Balance -- beginning of period....................    $16,369    $ 19,954    $ 4,329
Provision for advance losses......................     12,973      54,868      6,591
Advance reserve fees..............................        181           8         --
Charge offs, net..................................     (9,744)    (70,353)    (4,104)
Currency translation..............................        175        (148)       (28)
                                                      -------    --------    -------
Balance -- end of period..........................    $19,954    $  4,329    $ 6,788
                                                      =======    ========    =======
</TABLE>

     During the third quarter of 1999, the Company recorded a non-cash charge of
$47.3 million to reflect the impact of collections on loan pools originated
primarily in 1995, 1996 and 1997 falling below previous estimates, indicating
impairment of advance balances associated with these pools. While previous loss
curves indicated that loans originated in 1995, 1996 and 1997 would generate
lower overall collection rates than loans originated in prior years, in the
third quarter of 1999 the loss curves indicated that collection rates on these
pools will be lower than previously estimated. Future reserve requirements will
depend in part on the magnitude of the variance between management's estimate of
future collections and the actual collections that are realized. The Company
charges off dealer advances against the reserve at such time and to the extent
that the Company's static pool analysis determines that the advance is
completely or partially impaired.

(10) RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

     In the normal course of its business, the Company regularly accepts
assignments of installment contracts originated by affiliated dealers owned by:
(i) the Company's majority shareholder; and (ii) from another Company executive.
Installment contracts accepted from affiliated dealers were approximately $10.0
million, $9.3 million and $6.9 million in 1998, 1999 and 2000, respectively.
Remaining installment contracts receivable from affiliated dealers represented
approximately 2.1% and 1.7% of the gross installment contracts receivable
balance as of December 31, 1999 and 2000, respectively. The Company accepted
installment contracts from affiliated dealers and nonaffiliated dealers on the
same terms. Dealer holdbacks from contracts accepted from affiliated dealers
were approximately $8.0 million, $7.4 million and $5.5 million in 1998, 1999 and
2000 respectively.

     The Company regularly purchases operating lease contracts originated by
affiliated dealers owned by the Company's majority shareholder and originated by
affiliated dealers owned by a Company executive. Lease contracts accepted from
affiliated dealers were $5.8 million and $10.1 million in 1999 and 2000,
respectively. Affiliated dealers originated approximately 60.4% and 22.6% of the
value of leasing contracts purchased and approximately 63.6% and 24.8% of the
number of leasing contracts purchased by the Company during 1999 and 2000,
respectively.

     The Company receives interest income and fees from affiliated dealers on
floor plan receivables and notes receivable. Total income earned was $1,187,000,
$679,000 and $62,000 for the years ended December 31, 1998, 1999 and 2000,
respectively.

     The Company shares certain expenses including payroll and related benefits,
occupancy costs and insurance with its affiliated company owned by the Company's
majority shareholder. For the years ended December 31, 1998, 1999 and 2000, the
Company charged its affiliated company and majority shareholder approximately
$248,000, $367,000 and $152,000 for such shared expenses incurred in its
operations. This arrangement is covered under a services agreement. The
agreement has an indefinite term, but may be terminated upon 30 days written
notice by either party.

                                        50
<PAGE>   52
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

(11) INCOME TAXES

     The income tax provision (credit) consists of the following (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                        {YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                      ------------------------------
                                                       1998        1999       2000
                                                      -------    --------    -------
<S>                                                   <C>        <C>         <C>
Income (loss) before provision (benefit) for
  income taxes:
  Domestic........................................    $26,635    $(21,090)   $28,602
  Foreign.........................................     10,890       5,363      7,387
                                                      -------    --------    -------
                                                      $37,525    $(15,727)   $35,989
                                                      =======    ========    =======
Domestic provision (benefit) for income taxes:
  Current.........................................    $12,507    $ (5,470)   $ 9,125
  Deferred........................................     (3,179)     (1,285)       900
Foreign provision (benefit) for income taxes:
  Current.........................................      3,570       1,727      2,280
  Deferred........................................       (339)        (13)        34
                                                      -------    --------    -------
Provision (credit) for income taxes...............    $12,559    $ (5,041)   $12,339
                                                      =======    ========    =======
</TABLE>

     The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to significant
portions of the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities consist of the
following (in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                               AS OF DECEMBER 31,
                                                               ------------------
                                                                1999       2000
                                                               -------    -------
<S>                                                            <C>        <C>
Deferred tax assets:
  Allowance for credit losses..............................    $12,431    $13,095
  Reserve on advances......................................      1,177      2,283
  Allowance for leased vehicle losses......................         32        716
  Sale of advance receivables..............................      3,140      2,723
  Deferred dealer enrollment fees..........................        189        301
  Accrued warranty claims..................................        631        208
  Other, net...............................................      1,398      1,350
                                                               -------    -------
     Total deferred tax assets.............................     18,998     20,676
                                                               -------    -------
Deferred tax liabilities:
  Unearned finance charges.................................     27,203     28,449
  Accumulated depreciation.................................      1,135      2,705
  Deferred credit life and warranty costs..................        460        256
                                                               -------    -------
     Total deferred tax liabilities........................     28,798     31,410
                                                               -------    -------
     Net deferred tax liability............................    $ 9,800    $10,734
                                                               =======    =======
</TABLE>

     No valuation allowances were considered necessary in the calculation of
deferred tax assets as of December 31, 1999 and 2000.

                                        51
<PAGE>   53
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

(11) INCOME TAXES -- (CONCLUDED)

     A reconciliation of U.S. Federal statutory rate (credit) to the Company's
effective tax rate (credit) were as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                  YEARS ENDED
                                                                  DECEMBER 31,
                                                                ----------------
                                                                1999        2000
                                                                -----       ----
<S>                                                             <C>         <C>
U.S. federal statutory rate (credit)........................    (35.0)%     35.0%
  State income taxes........................................      3.8         --
  Foreign income taxes......................................     (1.0)      (0.8)
  Other.....................................................      0.1        0.1
                                                                -----       ----
Provision (credit) for income taxes.........................    (32.1)%     34.3%
                                                                =====       ====
</TABLE>

     Deferred U.S. federal income taxes and withholding taxes have not been
provided on the undistributed earnings of the Company's foreign subsidiaries as
such amounts are considered to be permanently reinvested. The cumulative
undistributed earnings at December 31, 2000 on which the Company had not
provided additional national income taxes and withholding taxes were
approximately $29.8 million.

(12) CAPITAL TRANSACTIONS

NET INCOME PER SHARE

     Basic net income per share has been computed by dividing net income by the
weighted average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted net income per
share has been computed by dividing net income by the total of the weighted
average number of common shares and common stock equivalents outstanding. Common
stock equivalents included in the computation represent shares issuable upon
assumed exercise of stock options that would have a dilutive effect. The share
effect is as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                      YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                               --------------------------------------
                                                  1998          1999          2000
                                               ----------    ----------    ----------
<S>                                            <C>           <C>           <C>
Weighted average common shares
  outstanding..............................    46,190,208    46,222,730    43,879,577
Common stock equivalents...................       770,082            --       340,299
                                               ----------    ----------    ----------
Weighted average common shares and common
  stock equivalents........................    46,960,290    46,222,730    44,219,876
                                               ==========    ==========    ==========
</TABLE>

STOCK REPURCHASE PROGRAM

     In 1999, the Company began acquiring shares of its common stock in
connection with a stock repurchase program announced in August 1999. That
program authorized the Company to purchase up to 1,000,000 common shares on the
open market or pursuant to negotiated transactions at price levels the Company
deems attractive. On each of February 7, 2000, June 7, 2000, July 13, 2000 and
November 10, 2000, the Company's Board of Directors authorized increases in the
Company's stock repurchase program of an additional 1,000,000 shares. As of
December 31, 2000, the Company has repurchased approximately 3.9 million shares
of the 5.0 million shares authorized to be repurchased under this program at a
cost of $20,361,000.

STOCK OPTION PLANS

     Pursuant to the Company's 1992 Stock Option Plan (the "1992 Plan"), the
Company has reserved 8,000,000 shares of its common stock for the future
granting of options to officers and other employees. The exercise price of the
options is equal to the fair market value on the date of the grant. Options
under the 1992 Plan generally become exercisable over a three to five year
period, or immediately upon a change of control. In 1999 and 2000, the Company
issued 1,369,500 and 28,500 options, respectively, that will vest only if
certain performance targets are met. As it was not foreseeable that the
performance targets would be met, no

                                        52
<PAGE>   54
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

(12) CAPITAL TRANSACTIONS -- (CONTINUED)

compensation expense was recorded for these performance-based options in 1999 or
2000. Nonvested performance options are forfeited upon termination of employment
and otherwise expire ten years from the date of grant. Shares available for
future grants totaled 115,559, 1,911,519 and 2,551,970 as of December 31, 1998,
1999 and 2000, respectively.

     Pursuant to the Company's Stock Option Plan for Dealers (the "Dealer
Plan"), the Company has reserved 1,000,000 shares of its common stock for the
future granting of options to participating dealers. The exercise price of the
options is equal to the fair market value on the date of grant. The options
become exercisable over a three year period. Nonvested options are forfeited
upon the termination of the dealer's servicing agreement by the Company or the
dealer and otherwise expire five years from the date of grant. Shares available
for future grants totaled 478,385, 605,899 and 684,367 as of December 31, 1998,
1999 and 2000, respectively. Effective January 1, 1999, the Company suspended
the granting of future options under the Dealer Plan.

     The Company accounts for the 1992 Plan under APB Opinion No. 25, under
which no compensation cost has been recognized. Had compensation cost for the
1992 Plan been recognized, the Company's net income (loss) and net income (loss)
per share would have been negatively impacted as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                         YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                      ------------------------------
                                                       1998        1999       2000
                                                      -------    --------    -------
<S>                                                   <C>        <C>         <C>
Net income (loss):
  As reported.....................................    $24,966    $(10,686)   $23,650
  Pro forma.......................................     22,346     (12,800)    22,379
Net income (loss) per common share:
  As reported -- basic............................    $  0.54    $  (0.23)   $  0.54
  As reported -- diluted..........................       0.53       (0.23)      0.53
  Pro forma -- basic..............................       0.48       (0.28)      0.51
  Pro forma -- diluted............................       0.48       (0.28)      0.51
</TABLE>

     The Company accounts for the compensation costs related to its grants under
the Dealer Plan in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
No. 123, "Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation" (SFAS 123). The sales and
marketing cost that has been charged against income for the non-employee Dealer
Plan was $150,000, $131,000 and $45,000 in 1998, 1999 and 2000, respectively.

     The fair value of each option granted included in the above calculations is
estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with
the following weighted-average assumptions used:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31,
                                                    -----------------------------------
1992 PLAN                                             1998         1999         2000
---------                                           ---------    ---------    ---------
<S>                                                 <C>          <C>          <C>
Risk-free interest rate.........................        5.25%        5.75%         6.0%
Expected life...................................    6.0 years    6.0 years    6.0 years
Expected volatility.............................       56.47%       56.47%       56.22%
Dividend yield..................................           0%           0%           0%
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                 YEAR ENDED
                                                                DECEMBER 31,
DEALER PLAN                                                         1998
-----------                                                     ------------
<S>                                                             <C>
Risk-free interest rate.....................................         4.59%
Expected life...............................................     5.0 years
Expected volatility.........................................        56.25%
Dividend yield..............................................            0%
</TABLE>

                                        53
<PAGE>   55
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

(12) CAPITAL TRANSACTIONS -- (CONCLUDED)
     Additional information relating to the stock option plans are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                        1992 PLAN                        DEALER PLAN
                                              ------------------------------    ------------------------------
                                                            WEIGHTED AVERAGE                  WEIGHTED AVERAGE
                                              NUMBER OF      EXERCISE PRICE     NUMBER OF      EXERCISE PRICE
                                               OPTIONS         PER SHARE         OPTIONS         PER SHARE
                                              ----------    ----------------    ----------    ----------------
<S>                                           <C>           <C>                 <C>           <C>
Outstanding at December 31, 1997..........    3,244,236          $6.63            764,967          $17.76
  Options granted.........................    1,420,965           8.71             75,800            7.54
  Options exercised.......................     (178,372)          2.56                 --              --
  Options forfeited.......................     (569,458)          6.28           (368,585)          18.45
                                              ---------                          --------
Outstanding at December 31, 1998..........    3,917,371           7.62            472,182           15.60
  Options granted.........................    1,761,200           5.48                 --              --
  Options exercised.......................      (25,567)          4.10                 --              --
  Options forfeited.......................     (557,160)          9.08           (127,514)          14.15
                                              ---------                          --------
Outstanding at December 31, 1999..........    5,095,844           6.74            344,668           16.14
  Options granted.........................      156,300           5.72                 --              --
  Options exercised.......................      (24,233)          3.26                 --              --
  Options forfeited.......................     (796,751)          9.32            (78,468)          22.45
                                              ---------                          --------
Outstanding at December 31, 2000..........    4,431,160          $6.36            266,200          $14.28
                                              =========                          ========
Exercisable at December 31:
  1998....................................    1,251,152          $7.91            296,407          $17.85
  1999....................................    1,766,521           7.18            258,719           18.41
  2000....................................    2,085,569           6.78            241,961           14.95
</TABLE>

     The weighted average fair value of options granted during 1998, 1999 and
2000 was $5.09, $3.13 and $3.07 respectively, for the 1992 Plan. The weighted
average fair value of options granted for the Dealer Plan during 1998 was $3.98.

     The following tables summarize information about options outstanding at
December 31, 2000:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                          OPTIONS OUTSTANDING                               OPTIONS EXERCISABLE
                        -------------------------------------------------------      ---------------------------------
                        OUTSTANDING      WEIGHTED-AVERAGE                            EXERCISABLE
       RANGE OF            AS OF            REMAINING          WEIGHTED-AVERAGE         AS OF         WEIGHTED-AVERAGE
  EXERCISABLE PRICES     12/31/00        CONTRACTUAL LIFE       EXERCISE PRICE        12/31/00         EXERCISE PRICE
  ------------------    -----------      ----------------      ----------------      -----------      ----------------
<S>                     <C>              <C>                   <C>                   <C>              <C>
1992 PLAN
$ 2.16 -  5.63........     795,350          5.7 Years               $ 3.13              363,682            $ 2.38
  5.64 -  7.75........   3,072,392          7.6                       6.19            1,386,704              6.15
  7.76 - 11.07........     300,417          7.2                       8.42               72,182              8.68
$11.08 - 22.25........     263,001          3.6                      15.68              263,001             15.68
                         ---------                                                    ---------
Totals................   4,431,160          7.0                       6.36            2,085,569              6.78
                         =========                                                    =========

DEALER PLAN
$ 6.34 -  9.35........     117,000          2.5 Years               $ 7.51               92,761            $ 7.51
  9.36 - 17.63........      61,000          1.6                      13.78               61,000             13.78
$17.64 - 27.63........      88,200          0.8                      23.59               88,200             23.59
                         ---------                                                    ---------
Totals................     266,200          1.7                      14.28              241,961             14.95
                         =========                                                    =========
</TABLE>

                                        54
<PAGE>   56
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

(13) BUSINESS SEGMENT INFORMATION

     Prior year segment information has been restated on a basis consistent with
the 2000 presentation. The Company has three reportable business segments: CAC
North America, CAC United Kingdom and CAC Automotive Leasing.

REPORTABLE SEGMENT OVERVIEW

     CAC North America operations consist of the Company's U.S. and Canadian
automotive finance and services businesses, including the Company's reinsurance
activities and automotive service contract programs. These businesses have been
aggregated into one reportable segment because they have similar operating and
economic characteristics. The CAC North America segment provides funding,
receivables management, collection, sales training and related products and
services to automobile dealers located in the United States and Canada. The CAC
United Kingdom operations provide substantially the same products and services
as the CAC North America operations to dealers located in the United Kingdom and
Ireland. The CAC Automotive Leasing segment provides a leasing program to
automobile dealers located in the United States. The credit reporting and
auction services businesses, which were sold in 1999, do not constitute
reportable operating segments as they do not meet the quantitative thresholds
prescribed by SFAS No. 131, "Disclosures about Segments of an Enterprise and
Related Information" and have therefore been disclosed in the "all other"
category in the following table.

MEASUREMENT

     The Company allocates resources to and evaluates the performance of its
segments primarily based on finance charges, lease revenue, other revenue,
segment earnings or (loss) before interest and taxes ("EBIT") and segment
assets. The table below presents this information for each reportable segment
(in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                        CAC               CAC                 CAC             ALL       TOTAL
                                   NORTH AMERICA     UNITED KINGDOM    AUTOMOTIVE LEASING    OTHER     COMPANY
                                   --------------    --------------    ------------------    ------    --------
<S>                                <C>               <C>               <C>                   <C>       <C>
Year Ended December 31, 2000
  Finance charges..............       $ 61,913          $ 17,746            $    --          $   --    $ 79,659
  Lease revenue................          1,545                --             11,474              --      13,019
  Other revenue................         27,326             3,201                558              15      31,100
  EBIT.........................         42,823             8,710                920             (33)     52,420
  Segment assets...............        474,943           158,833             37,258              --     671,034
Year Ended December 31, 1999
  Finance charges..............       $ 62,568          $ 13,787            $    --          $   --    $ 76,355
  Lease revenue................            377                --                657              --       1,034
  Other revenue................         28,596             3,149                 27           6,894      38,666
  EBIT.........................         (3,922)            5,200               (362)            (67)        849
  Segment assets...............        519,278           129,813              7,574             920     657,585
Year Ended December 31, 1998
  Finance charges..............       $ 80,330          $ 17,677            $    --          $   --    $ 98,007
  Other revenue................         33,092             3,528                 --           7,722      44,342
  EBIT.........................         50,236            11,501                 --           1,353      63,090
  Segment assets...............        621,418           120,621                 --           7,692     749,731
</TABLE>

                                        55
<PAGE>   57
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

(13) BUSINESS SEGMENT INFORMATION -- (CONCLUDED)

     The Company operates primarily in the United States and the United Kingdom.
The table below presents the key financial information by geographic location
(in thousands):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                            UNITED      UNITED                   TOTAL
                                            STATES     KINGDOM     ALL OTHER    COMPANY
                                           --------    --------    ---------    --------
<S>                                        <C>         <C>         <C>          <C>
Year Ended December 31, 2000
  Finance charges......................    $ 60,412    $ 17,572     $ 1,675     $ 79,659
  Lease revenue........................      12,951          --          68       13,019
  Other revenue........................      27,600       3,157         343       31,100
  EBIT.................................      43,114       8,696         610       52,420
  Total assets.........................     497,946     155,881      17,207      671,034
Year Ended December 31, 1999
  Finance charges......................    $ 61,496    $ 13,554     $ 1,305     $ 76,355
  Lease revenue........................       1,034          --          --        1,034
  Other revenue........................      35,365       3,106         195       38,666
  EBIT.................................      (4,670)      4,999         520          849
  Total assets.........................     518,220     128,535      10,830      657,585
Year Ended December 31, 1998
  Finance charges......................    $ 79,568    $ 17,353     $ 1,086     $ 98,007
  Other revenue........................      40,518       3,475         349       44,342
  EBIT.................................      51,642      11,325         123       63,090
  Total assets.........................     623,206     117,672       8,853      749,731
</TABLE>

INFORMATION ABOUT PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

     The Company manages its product and service offerings primarily through
those reportable segments. Therefore, pursuant with the provisions of SFAS 131,
no enterprise-wide disclosures of information about products and services are
necessary.

MAJOR CUSTOMERS

     The Company did not have any customer which provided 10% or more of the
Company's revenue during 1998, 1999 or 2000. However, during 2000, three dealer
groups in the United Kingdom accounted for approximately 64.8% of new contracts
accepted by the CAC United Kingdom segment and an affiliated dealer group
accounted for approximately 21.3% of the number of leasing contracts purchased
by the CAC Automotive Leasing segment.

(14) LITIGATION AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

     In the normal course of business and as a result of the consumer-oriented
nature of the industry in which the Company operates, industry participants are
frequently subject to various consumer claims and litigation seeking damages and
statutory penalties. The claims allege, among other theories of liability,
violations of state, federal and foreign truth in lending, credit availability,
credit reporting, consumer protection, warranty, debt collection, insurance and
other consumer-oriented laws and regulations. The Company, as the assignee of
finance contracts originated by dealers, may also be named as a co-defendant in
lawsuits filed by consumers principally against dealers. Many of these cases are
filed as purported class actions and seek damages in large dollar amounts.

     The Company believes that the structure of its dealer programs and the
ancillary products, including the terms and conditions of its servicing
agreement with dealers, may mitigate its risk of loss in any such litigation and
that it has taken prudent steps to address the litigation risks associated with
its business activities.

                                        56
<PAGE>   58
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

(14) LITIGATION AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES -- (CONTINUED)

     During the first quarter of 1998, several putative class action complaints
were filed by shareholders against the Company and certain officers of the
Company in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan
seeking money damages for alleged violations of the federal securities laws. On
August 14, 1998, a Consolidated Class Action Complaint, consolidating the claims
asserted in those cases, was filed. The Complaint generally alleged that the
Company's financial statements issued during the period August 14, 1995 through
October 22, 1997 did not accurately reflect the Company's true financial
condition and results of operations because such reported results failed to be
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and such results
contained material accounting irregularities in that they failed to reflect
adequate reserves for credit losses. The Complaint further alleged that the
Company issued public statements during the alleged class period which
fraudulently created the impression that the Company's accounting practices were
proper. On April 23, 1999, the Court granted the Company's and the defendant
officers' motion to dismiss the Complaint and entered a final judgment
dismissing the action with prejudice. On May 6, 1999, plaintiffs filed a motion
for reconsideration of the order dismissing the Complaint or, in the
alternative, for leave to file an amended complaint. On July 13, 1999, the Court
granted the plaintiffs' motion for reconsideration and granted the plaintiffs
leave to file an amended complaint. Plaintiffs filed their First Amended
Consolidated Class Action Complaint on August 2, 1999. On September 30, 1999,
the Company and the defendant officers filed a motion to dismiss that complaint.
On or about November 10, 1999, plaintiffs sought and were granted leave to file
a Second Amended Consolidated Class Action Complaint. On March 24, 2000 the
Court granted the Company's and the defendant officers' and directors' motion to
dismiss the Second Amended Consolidated Class Action Complaint and entered a
final judgment dismissing the action with prejudice. On April 7, 2000,
plaintiffs filed a notice of appeal. On October 26, 2000, the parties reached an
agreement in principle to settle the action. The proposed settlement is subject
to entry into a formal Stipulation of Settlement, submission of the Stipulation
to the District Court following remand of the action from the Court of Appeals
for purposes of settlement only, and approval of the proposed settlement by the
District Court following notice to class members and a hearing. This proposed
settlement is not expected to have a material impact on the Company's financial
position, liquidity and results of operations, but there can be no assurance to
that effect.

     The Company is currently a defendant in a class action proceeding commenced
on October 15, 1996 in the United States District Court for the Western District
of Missouri seeking money damages for alleged violations of a number of state
and federal consumer protection laws (the "Missouri Litigation"). On October 9,
1997, the District Court certified two classes on the claims brought against the
Company, one relating to alleged overcharges of official fees, the other
relating to alleged overcharges of post-maturity interest. On August 4, 1998,
the District Court granted partial summary judgment on liability in favor of the
plaintiffs on the interest overcharge claims based upon the District Court's
finding of certain violations but denied summary judgment on certain other
claims. The District Court also entered a number of permanent injunctions, which
among other things, restrained the Company from collecting on certain class
accounts. The Court also ruled in favor of the Company on certain claims raised
by class plaintiffs. Because the entry of an injunction is immediately
appealable as of right, the Company appealed the summary judgment order to the
United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Oral argument on the
appeals was heard on April 19, 1999. On September 1, 1999, the United States
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit overturned the August 4, 1998 partial
summary judgment order and injunctions against the Company. The Court of Appeals
held that the District Court lacked jurisdiction over the interest overcharge
claims and directed the District Court to sever those claims and remand them to
state court. On February 18, 2000, the District Court entered an order remanding
the post-maturity interest class to Missouri state court while retaining
jurisdiction on the official fee class. The Company then filed a motion
requesting that the District Court reconsider that portion of its order of
August 4, 1998, in which the District Court had denied the Company's motion to
dismiss the federal official fee overcharge claims. On May 26, 2000, the
District Court entered an order dismissing the federal official fee claims
against the Company and directed the Clerk of the Court to remand the remaining
state law official fee claims to the appropriate state court. The parties are
presently awaiting assignment to a
                                        57
<PAGE>   59
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

(14) LITIGATION AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES -- (CONCLUDED)

state court. The Company will continue its vigorous defense of all remaining
claims. However, an adverse ultimate disposition of this litigation could have a
material negative impact on the Company's financial position, liquidity and
results of operations.

     The Company is currently under examination by the Internal Revenue Service
for its tax years ended December 31, 1993, 1994 and 1995. The IRS has identified
and taken under advisement the tax treatment of certain items. Although the
Company is unable to quantify its potential liability from the audit, the
resolution of these items in a manner unfavorable to the Company may have a
material adverse effect on the Company's financial position, liquidity and
results of operations.

     In connection with the audit, the IRS has issued a Technical Advice
Memorandum that would directly impact the timing of tax recognition of income
accrual with respect to certain items. The views expressed in the Memorandum are
contrary to the Company's tax accounting method for such items. The total amount
of exposure from this tax issue cannot be reasonably estimated due to the lack
of available information required for such estimation and due to the
uncertainties of computation, the methodology for which must be agreed upon by
the IRS. In the worst case, the application of the ruling to the Company's
financing activities could result in the recognition of taxable income, interest
and penalties with respect to certain items exceeding the current net income
reported for book purposes. The Company has the right to appeal the ruling once
issued, or may challenge the positions of the IRS in court.

                                        58
<PAGE>   60
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

(15) QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED)

The following is a summary of quarterly financial position and results of
operations for the years ended December 31, 1999 and 2000. Certain amounts have
been reclassified to conform to the 2000 presentation.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                           (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)
                                                                              1999
                                                        ------------------------------------------------
                                                          1ST Q        2ND Q        3RD Q        4TH Q
                                                        ---------    ---------    ---------    ---------
<S>                                                     <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
BALANCE SHEETS
Installment contracts receivable, net...............    $605,949     $579,300     $569,309     $565,983
Floor plan receivables..............................      15,928       18,666       17,491       15,492
Notes receivables...................................       2,239        2,637        3,027        3,610
Investment in operating leases, net.................          80        1,478        3,899        9,097
All other assets....................................      75,720       71,295       65,270       63,403
                                                        --------     --------     --------     --------
     Total assets...................................    $699,916     $673,376     $658,996     $657,585
                                                        ========     ========     ========     ========
Dealer holdbacks, net...............................    $194,254     $171,765     $205,932     $202,143
Total debt..........................................     186,638      168,527      158,361      158,985
Other liabilities...................................      39,334       40,931       34,513       33,482
                                                        --------     --------     --------     --------
     Total liabilities..............................     420,226      381,223      398,806      394,610
Shareholders' equity................................     279,690      292,153      260,190      262,975
                                                        --------     --------     --------     --------
     Total liabilities and shareholders' equity.....    $699,916     $673,376     $658,996     $657,585
                                                        ========     ========     ========     ========
INCOME STATEMENTS
Revenue:
  Finance charges...................................    $ 19,383     $ 19,765     $ 18,753     $ 18,454
  Lease revenue.....................................          --           79          304          651
  Premiums earned...................................       2,445        2,331        3,034        2,579
  Other income......................................       8,533        7,333        5,832        6,579
                                                        --------     --------     --------     --------
     Total revenue..................................      30,361       29,508       27,923       28,263
                                                        --------     --------     --------     --------
Costs and expenses:
  Operating expenses................................      14,549       14,398       12,421       14,736
  Provision for credit losses.......................       2,136        2,094       49,590        2,352
  Provision for claims..............................         831          894          884          889
  Depreciation of leased assets.....................          --           53          166          350
  Valuation adjustment on retained interest in
     securitization.................................          --          517       13,000           --
  Interest..........................................       4,527        4,272        3,673        4,104
                                                        --------     --------     --------     --------
     Total costs and expenses.......................      22,043       22,228       79,734       22,431
                                                        --------     --------     --------     --------
Other operating income:
  Gain on sale of subsidiary........................          --       14,720           --           --
                                                        --------     --------     --------     --------
Operating income (loss).............................       8,318       22,000      (51,811)       5,832
  Foreign exchange gain (loss)......................         (45)          (9)          62          (74)
                                                        --------     --------     --------     --------
Income (loss) before income taxes...................       8,273       21,991      (51,749)       5,758
  Provision (credit) for income taxes...............       2,894        8,220      (18,108)       1,953
                                                        --------     --------     --------     --------
Net income (loss)...................................    $  5,379     $ 13,771     $(33,641)    $  3,805
                                                        ========     ========     ========     ========
Net income (loss) per common share:
  Basic.............................................    $   0.12     $   0.30     $  (0.73)    $   0.08
                                                        ========     ========     ========     ========
  Diluted...........................................    $   0.12     $   0.30     $  (0.73)    $   0.08
                                                        ========     ========     ========     ========
Weighted average shares outstanding:
  Basic.............................................      46,299       46,304       46,214       46,074
  Diluted...........................................      46,706       46,545       46,214       46,253
</TABLE>

                                        59
<PAGE>   61

           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONCLUDED)

(15) QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED) -- (CONCLUDED)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                       (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)
                                                                            2000
                                                        --------------------------------------------
                                                         1ST Q       2ND Q       3RD Q       4TH Q
                                                        --------    --------    --------    --------
<S>                                                     <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>
BALANCE SHEETS
Installment contracts receivable, net...............    $575,920    $570,971    $567,089    $564,260
Floor plan receivables..............................      12,121       9,825      10,995       8,106
Notes receivables...................................       4,697       5,193       5,333       6,985
Investment in operating leases, net.................      21,835      32,845      38,760      42,921
All other assets....................................      53,097      54,382      53,127      48,762
                                                        --------    --------    --------    --------
     Total assets...................................    $667,670    $673,216    $675,304    $671,034
                                                        ========    ========    ========    ========
Dealer holdbacks, net...............................    $209,067    $209,238    $211,579    $214,468
Total debt..........................................     161,510     169,966     166,836     156,673
Other liabilities...................................      34,783      35,621      38,701      37,667
                                                        --------    --------    --------    --------
     Total liabilities..............................     405,360     414,825     417,116     408,808
Shareholders' equity................................     262,310     258,391     258,188     262,226
                                                        --------    --------    --------    --------
     Total liabilities and shareholders' equity.....    $667,670    $673,216    $675,304    $671,034
                                                        ========    ========    ========    ========
INCOME STATEMENTS
Revenue:
  Finance charges...................................    $ 20,017    $ 20,282    $ 20,206    $ 19,154
  Lease revenue.....................................       1,455       3,361       3,812       4,391
  Premiums earned...................................       2,601       2,434       1,951       2,481
  Gain on sale of advance receivables, net..........          --          --          --          --
  Other income......................................       5,394       5,131       5,205       5,903
                                                        --------    --------    --------    --------
     Total revenue..................................      29,467      31,208      31,174      31,929
                                                        --------    --------    --------    --------
Costs and expenses:
  Operating expenses................................      12,513      12,685      12,009      12,901
  Provision for credit losses.......................       2,447       2,576       3,074       3,154
  Provision for claims..............................         776         716         604         888
  Depreciation on leased assets.....................         818       1,555       2,141       2,490
  Interest..........................................       4,193       4,167       4,119       3,952
                                                        --------    --------    --------    --------
     Total costs and expenses.......................      20,747      21,699      21,947      23,385
                                                        --------    --------    --------    --------
Operating income....................................       8,720       9,509       9,227       8,544
  Foreign exchange gain (loss)......................         (14)        (66)         (5)         74
                                                        --------    --------    --------    --------
Income before income taxes..........................       8,706       9,443       9,222       8,618
  Provision for income taxes........................       2,980       3,290       3,118       2,951
                                                        --------    --------    --------    --------
Net income..........................................    $  5,726    $  6,153    $  6,104    $  5,667
                                                        ========    ========    ========    ========
Net income per common share
  Basic.............................................    $   0.13    $   0.14    $   0.14    $   0.13
                                                        ========    ========    ========    ========
  Diluted...........................................    $   0.13    $   0.14    $   0.14    $   0.13
                                                        ========    ========    ========    ========
Weighted average shares outstanding
  Basic.............................................      45,363      44,532      43,014      42,588
  Diluted...........................................      45,630      44,864      43,425      42,950
</TABLE>

                                        60
<PAGE>   62

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

     Not Applicable.

                                    PART III

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

     Information is contained under the captions "Matters to Come Before the
Meeting -- Election of Directors" (excluding the Report of the Audit Committee)
and "Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance" in the Company's
Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

     Information is contained under the caption "Compensation of Executive
Officers" (excluding the Report of the Executive Compensation Committee and the
stock performance graph) in the Company's Proxy Statement and is incorporated
herein by reference.

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

     Information is contained under the caption "Common Stock Ownership of
Certain Beneficial Owners and Management" in the Company's Proxy Statement and
is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

     Information is contained under the caption "Certain Relationships and
Transactions" in the Company's Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by
reference.

                                    PART IV

ITEM 14. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES, AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

<TABLE>
  <S>     <C>
  (a)(1)  The following consolidated financial statements of the
          Company and Report of Independent Public Accountants are
          contained "Item 8 -- Financial Statements and Supplementary
          Data."
          REPORT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS
          Consolidated Financial Statements:
          -- Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 1999 and
             2000
          -- Consolidated Income Statements for the years ended
             December 31, 1998, 1999 and 2000
          -- Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended
          December 31, 1998, 1999 and 2000
          -- Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity for the
          years ended December 31, 1998, 1999 and 2000
          NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (2)  Financial Statement Schedules have been omitted because they
          are not applicable or are not required or the information
          required to be set forth therein is included in the
          Consolidated Financial Statements or Notes thereto.
     (3)  The Exhibits filed in response to Item 601 of Regulation S-K
          are listed in the Exhibit Index, which is incorporated
          herein by reference.
  (b)     The Company was not required to file a current report on
          Form 8-K during the quarter ended December 31, 2000 and none
          were filed during that period.
</TABLE>

                                        61
<PAGE>   63

                                   SIGNATURES

     Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on March 30, 2001.

                                          CREDIT ACCEPTANCE CORPORATION

                                          By:      /s/ DONALD A. FOSS
                                            ------------------------------------
                                                       Donald A. Foss
                                                 Chairman of the Board and
                                                  Chief Executive Officer

     Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this
report has been signed by the following persons on March 30, 2001 on behalf of
the registrant and in the capacities indicated.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                       SIGNATURE                                                 TITLE
                       ---------                                                 -----
<C>                                                            <S>
                   /s/ DONALD A. FOSS                          Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive
--------------------------------------------------------       Officer (Principal Executive Officer)
                     Donald A. Foss

                  /s/ DOUGLAS W. BUSK                          Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer
--------------------------------------------------------       (Principal Financial Officer)
                    Douglas W. Busk

                 /s/ LINDA M. CARDINALE                        Vice President -- Accounting (Principal
--------------------------------------------------------       Accounting Officer)
                   Linda M. Cardinale

                   /s/ HARRY E. CRAIG                          Director
--------------------------------------------------------
                     Harry E. Craig

               /s/ THOMAS A. FITZSIMMONS                       Director
--------------------------------------------------------
                 Thomas A. FitzSimmons

                   /s/ SAM M. LAFATA                           Director
--------------------------------------------------------
                     Sam M. LaFata

                 /s/ THOMAS N. TRYFOROS                        Director
--------------------------------------------------------
                   Thomas N. Tryforos
</TABLE>

                                        62
<PAGE>   64
                                  EXHIBIT INDEX

    The following documents are filed as part of this report. Those exhibits
previously filed and incorporated herein by reference are identified below.
Exhibits not required for this report have been omitted. The Company's
commission file number is 000-20202.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
         EXHIBIT
            NO.                 DESCRIPTION
         -------                -----------
<S>                             <C>
           3(a)(1)               7  Articles of Incorporation, as amended July
                                    1, 1997

           3(b)                  2  Bylaws of the Company, as amended

           4(a)                  1  Note Purchase Agreement dated October 1,
                                    1994 between various insurance companies and
                                    the Company and related form of note.

           4(a)(1)               1  First Amendment dated November 15, 1995 to
                                    Note Purchase Agreement dated October 1,
                                    1994 between various insurance companies and
                                    the Company.

           4(a)(2)               5  Second Amendment dated August 29, 1996 to
                                    Note Purchase Agreement dated October 1,
                                    1994 between various insurance companies and
                                    the Company.

           4(a)(3)               8  Third Amendment dated December 12, 1997 to
                                    Note Purchase Agreement dated October 1,
                                    1994 between various insurance companies and
                                    the Company.

           4(a)(4)               9  Fourth Amendment dated July 1, 1998 to Note
                                    Purchase Agreement dated October 1, 1994
                                    between various insurance companies and the
                                    Company

           4(a)(5)               9  Limited Waiver dated July 27, 1998 to First
                                    Amended and Restated 9.12% Senior Notes due
                                    November 1, 2001 Issued Under Note Purchase
                                    Agreement dated as of October 1, 1994

           4(a)(6)              12  Fifth Amendment dated April 13, 1999 to Note
                                    Purchase Agreement dated October 1, 1994
                                    between various insurance companies and the
                                    Company

           4(a)(7)              14  Sixth Amendment dated December 1, 1999 to
                                    Note Purchase Agreement dated October 1,
                                    1994 between various insurance companies and
                                    the Company

           4(a)(8)              15  Seventh Amendment dated April 27, 2000 to
                                    Note Purchase Agreement dated October 1,
                                    1994 between various insurance companies and
                                    the Company

           4(a)(9)              18  Eighth Amendment dated as of March 8, 2001
                                    to Note Purchase Agreement dated October 1,
                                    1994 between various insurance companies and
                                    the Company

           4(b)                  5  Note Purchase Agreement dated August 1, 1996
                                    between various insurance companies and the
                                    Company and the related form of note.

           4(b)(1)               8  First Amendment dated December 12, 1997 to
                                    Note Purchase Agreement dated August 1, 1996
                                    between various insurance companies and the
                                    Company.

           4(b)(2)               9  Second Amendment dated July 1, 1998 to Note
                                    Purchase Agreement dated August 1, 1996
                                    between various insurance companies and the
                                    Company

           4(b)(3)               9  Limited Waiver dated July 12, 1998 to First
                                    Amended and Restated 8.24% Senior Notes due
                                    July 1, 2001 Issued Under Note Purchase
                                    Agreement dated as of August 1, 1996

           4(b)(4)              12  Third Amendment dated April 13, 1999 to Note
                                    Purchase Agreement dated August 1, 1996
                                    between various insurance companies and the
                                    Company

           4(b)(5)              14  Fourth Amendment dated December 1, 1999 to
                                    Note Purchase Agreement dated August 1, 1996
                                    between various insurance companies and the
                                    Company

           4(b)(6)              15  Fifth Amendment dated April 27, 2000 to Note
                                    Purchase Agreement dated August 1, 1996
                                    between various insurance companies and the
                                    Company

           4(b)(7)              18  Sixth Amendment dated as of March 8, 2001 to
                                    Note Purchase Agreement 18 dated August 1,
                                    1996 between various insurance companies and
                                    the Company

           4(c)(5)              12  Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement
                                    dated as of June 15, 1999 between the
                                    Company, Comerica Bank as Administrative
                                    Agent and Collateral Agent, NationsBank,
                                    N.A., as Syndications Agent and Banc of
                                    America Securities, LLC as Sole Lead
                                    Arranger and Sole Bank Manager

           4(c)(6)              14  First Amendment dated December 10, 1999 to
                                    the Third Amended and Restated Credit
                                    Agreement dated as of June 15, 1999 between
                                    the Company, Comerica Bank as Administrative
                                    Agent and Collateral Agent, NationsBank,
                                    N.A., as Syndications Agent and Banc of
                                    America Securities, LLC as Sole Lead
                                    Arranger and Sole Bank Manager

           4(c)(7)              15  Second Amendment dated April 28, 2000 to the
                                    Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement
                                    dated as of June 15, 1999 between the
                                    Company, Comerica Bank as Administrative
                                    Agent and Collateral Agent, NationsBank,
                                    N.A., as Syndications Agent and Banc of
                                    America Securities, LLC as Sole Lead
                                    Arranger and Sole Bank Manager

           4(c)(8)              16  Third Amendment dated June 13, 2000 to the
                                    Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement
                                    dated as of June 15, 1999 between the
                                    Company, Comerica Bank as Administrative
                                    Agent and Collateral Agent, NationsBank,
                                    N.A., as Syndications Agent and Banc of
                                    America Securities, LLC as Sole Lead
                                    Arranger and Sole Bank Manager
</TABLE>

                                       56
<PAGE>   65


<TABLE>

<S>                             <C>
           4(c)(9)              18  Fourth Amendment dated November 30, 2000 to
                                    the Third Amended and Restated Credit
                                    Agreement dated as of June 15, 1999 between
                                    the Company, Comerica Bank as Administrative
                                    Agent and Collateral Agent, NationsBank,
                                    N.A., as Syndications Agent and Banc of
                                    America Securities, LLC as Sole Lead
                                    Arranger and Sole Bank Manager

           4(c)(10)             18  Fifth Amendment dated March 8, 2001 to the
                                    Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement
                                    dated as of June 15, 1999 between the
                                    Company, Comerica Bank as Administrative
                                    Agent and Collateral Agent, NationsBank,
                                    N.A., as Syndications Agent and Banc of
                                    America Securities, LLC as Sole Lead
                                    Arranger and Sole Bank Manager

           4(e)                  6  Note Purchase Agreement dated March 25, 1997
                                    between various insurance companies and the
                                    Company and related form of note.

           4(e)(1)               8  First Amendment dated December 12, 1997 to
                                    Note Purchase Agreement dated March 25, 1997
                                    between various insurance companies and the
                                    Company

           4(e)(2)               9  Second Amendment dated July 1, 1998 to Note
                                    Purchase Agreement dated March 25, 1997
                                    between various insurance companies and the
                                    Company

           4(e)(3)               9  Limited Waiver dated July 27, 1998 to First
                                    Amended and Restated 8.02% Senior Notes due
                                    October 1, 2001 Issued Under Note Purchase
                                    Agreement dated as of March 25, 1997

           4(e)(4)              12  Third Amendment dated April 13, 1999 to Note
                                    Purchase Agreement dated March 25, 1997
                                    between various insurance companies and the
                                    Company

           4(e)(5)              14  Fourth Amendment dated December 1, 1999 to
                                    Note Purchase Agreement dated March 25, 1997
                                    between various insurance companies and the
                                    Company

           4(e)(6)              15  Fifth Amendment dated April 27, 2000 to Note
                                    Purchase Agreement dated March 25, 1997
                                    between various insurance companies and the
                                    Company

           4(e)(7)              18  Sixth Amendment dated as of March 8, 2001 to
                                    Note Purchase Agreement dated March 25, 1997
                                    between various insurance companies and the
                                    Company

           4(f)                  9  Note Purchase Agreement dated July 7, 1998
                                    among Kitty Hawk Funding Corporation, CAC
                                    Funding Corp. and NationsBank, N.A.

           4(f)(1)               9  Security Agreement dated July 7, 1998 among
                                    Kitty Hawk Funding Corporation, CAC Funding
                                    Corp., the Company and NationsBank, N.A.

           4(f)(2)               9  Servicing Agreement dated July 7, 1998
                                    between CAC Funding Corp. and the Company

           4(f)(3)               9  Contribution Agreement dated July 7, 1998
                                    between the Company and CAC Funding Corp.

           4(f)(4)              12  Amendment No. 1 dated June 30, 1999 to Note
                                    Purchase Agreement dated July 7, 1998 among
                                    Kitty Hawk Funding Corporation, CAC Funding
                                    Corp., and NationsBank, N.A.

           4(f)(5)              12  Amendment No. 1 dated June 30, 1999 to
                                    Security Agreement dated July 7, 1998 among
                                    Kitty Hawk Funding Corporation, CAC Funding
                                    Corp., the Company and NationsBank, N.A.

           4(f)(6)              12  Amendment No. 1 dated June 30, 1999 to
                                    Contribution Agreement dated July 7, 1998
                                    between the Company and CAC Funding Corp.

           4(f)(7)              13  Amendment No. 2 dated September 29, 1999 to
                                    Security Agreement dated July 7, 1998 among
                                    Kitty Hawk Funding Corporation, CAC Funding
                                    Corp., the Company and NationsBank, N.A.

           4(f)(8)              14  Amendment No. 2 dated December 15, 1999 to
                                    Note Purchase Agreement dated July 7, 1998
                                    among Kitty Hawk Funding Corporation, CAC
                                    Funding Corp., and NationsBank, N.A.

           4(f)(9)              14  Amendment No. 3 dated December 15, 1999 to
                                    Security Agreement dated July 7, 1998 among
                                    Kitty Hawk Funding Corporation, CAC Funding
                                    Corp., the Company and NationsBank, N.A.

           4(f)(10)             14  Amendment No. 2 dated December 15, 1999 to
                                    Contribution Agreement dated July 7, 1998
                                    between the Company and CAC Funding Corp.

           4(f)(11)             17  Amendment No. 3 dated August 8, 2000 to Note
                                    Purchase Agreement dated July 7, 1998 among
                                    Kitty Hawk Funding Corporation, CAC Funding
                                    Corp., and NationsBank, N.A.

           4(f)(12)             17  Amendment No. 3 dated August 8, 2000 to
                                    Contribution Agreement dated July 7, 1998
                                    between the Company and CAC Funding Corp.

           4(f)(13)             18  Amendment No. 4 dated March 12,2001 to
                                    Security Agreement dated July 7, 1998 among
                                    Kitty Hawk Funding Corporation, CAC Funding
                                    Corp., the Company and NationsBank, N.A.

           4(f)(14)             18  Amendment No. 4 dated March 12, 2001 to Note
                                    Purchase Agreement dated July 7, 1998 among
                                    Kitty Hawk Funding Corporation, CAC Funding
                                    Corp., and NationsBank, N.A.

           4(f)(15)             18  Amendment No. 4 dated March 12, 2001 to
                                    Contribution Agreement dated July 7, 1998
                                    between the Company and CAC Funding Corp.

           4(g)(1)              11  Security Agreement dated December 15, 1998
                                    between Comerica Bank, as Collateral Agent,
                                    and the Company

           4(g)(2)              11  Intercreditor Agreement dated as of December
                                    15, 1998 among Comerica Bank, as Collateral
                                    Agent, and various lenders and note holders

           4(g)(3)              11  Deed of Charge, dated December 17, 1998
                                    between Comerica Bank, as Collateral Agent,
                                    and the Company

           NOTE:                    Other instruments, notes or extracts from
                                    agreements defining the rights of holders of
                                    long-term debt of the Company or its
                                    subsidiaries have not been filed because (i)
                                    in each case the total amount of long-term
                                    debt permitted there under does not exceed
                                    10% of the
</TABLE>



                                       57
<PAGE>   66

<TABLE>

<S>                             <C>

                                    Company's consolidated assets, and (ii) the
                                    Company hereby agrees that it will furnish
                                    such instruments, notes and extracts to the
                                    Securities and Exchange Commission upon its
                                    request.

           10(b)(1)              4  Amended and Restated Services Agreement
                                    dated April 17, 1996 between the Company and
                                    Larry Lee's Auto Finance Center, Inc. d/b/a
                                    Dealer Enterprise Group

           10(d)(4)             14  Form of Addendum 3 to Servicing Agreement
                                    (Multiple Lots)

            10(d)(7)            14  Servicing Agreement, including Addendum 1
                                    and Addendum 2 dated June 1999

           10(d)(8)             18  Servicing Agreement dated February 2001

           10(f)(4)*            12  Credit Acceptance Corporation 1992 Stock
                                    Option Plan, as amended and restated May
                                    1999

           10(o)(2)             10  Credit Acceptance Corporation Stock Option
                                    Plan for Dealers, as amended and restated
                                    September 21, 1998

           21(1)                18  Schedule of Credit Acceptance Corporation
                                    Subsidiaries

           23(1)                18  Consent of Deloitte and Touche LLP
</TABLE>


* Management compensatory contracts and arrangements.

1    Previously filed as an exhibit to the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarterly
     period ended September 30, 1994, and incorporated herein by reference.

2    Previously filed as an exhibit to the Company's Form 10-K Annual Report for
     the year ended December 31, 1994, and incorporated herein by reference.

3    Previously filed as an exhibit to the Company's Form 10-K Annual Report for
     the year ended December 31, 1995, and incorporated herein by reference.

4    Previously filed as an exhibit to the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarterly
     period ended March 31, 1996, and incorporated herein by reference.

5    Previously filed as an exhibit to the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarterly
     period ended September 30, 1996 and incorporated herein by reference.

6    Previously filed as an exhibit to the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarterly
     period ended March 31, 1997 and incorporated herein by reference.

7    Previously filed as an exhibit to the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarterly
     period ended June 30, 1997, and incorporated herein by reference.

8    Previously filed as an exhibit to the Company's Form 10-K Annual Report for
     the year ended December 31, 1997, and incorporated herein by reference.

9    Previously filed as an exhibit to the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarterly
     period ended June 30, 1998, and incorporated herein by reference.

10   Previously filed as an exhibit to the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarterly
     period ended September 30, 1998, and incorporated herein by reference.

11   Previously filed as an exhibit to the Company's Form 10-K Annual Report for
     the year ended December 31, 1998, and incorporated herein by reference.

12   Previously filed as an exhibit to the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarterly
     period ended June 30, 1999, and incorporated herein by reference.

13   Previously filed as an exhibit to the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarterly
     period ended September 30, 1999, and incorporated herein by reference.

14   Previously filed as an exhibit to the Company's Form 10-K Annual Report for
     the year ended December 31, 1999, and incorporated herein by reference.


                                       58
<PAGE>   67

15   Previously filed as an exhibit to the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarterly
     period ended March 31, 2000, and incorporated herein by reference.

16   Previously filed as an exhibit to the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarterly
     period ended June 30, 2000, and incorporated herein by reference.

17   Previously filed as an exhibit to the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarterly
     period ended September 30, 2000, and incorporated herein by reference.

18   Filed herewith.





                                       59



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
