<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K405
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form10k405.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 10-K
<TEXT>
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                    FORM 10-K

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

                             Washington, D.C. 20549


            [X]      ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
                     SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

                          For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2001

                                            OR

            [  ]     TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
                     SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

                               Commission file number 1-5397

                         AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC.
               (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

           Delaware                                       22-1467904
(State or other jurisdiction of            (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)
 incorporation or organization)

One ADP Boulevard, Roseland, New Jersey                     07068
(Address of principal executive offices)                  (Zip Code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code: 973-974-5000

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

                                                Name of each exchange on
         Title of each class                        which registered

      Common Stock, $.10 Par Value              New York Stock Exchange
               (voting)                         Chicago Stock Exchange
                                                Pacific Stock Exchange

      Liquid Yield Option Notes due 2012        New York Stock Exchange

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:   NONE

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required
to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was
required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to the filing
requirements for the past 90 days. Yes x No _____

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation S-K (ss.229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein and will
not be contained, to the best of Registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or
information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K
or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [ x ]

The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the
Registrant as of August 31, 2001 was approximately $32,098,454,526. On August
31, 2001, there were 620,140,157 shares of Common Stock outstanding.

                       DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
Portions of the Registrant's 2001 Annual Report to Shareholders.Parts I, II & IV
Portions of the Registrant's Proxy Statement for Annual Meeting
of Stockholders to be held on November 13, 2001.                Part III

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------


<PAGE>

                                     Part I

Item 1.  Business

     Automatic Data Processing, Inc., incorporated in Delaware in 1961(together
with its subsidiaries "ADP" or the "Registrant"), is one of the largest
providers of computerized transaction processing, data communication, and
information services in the world. For financial information by segment and by
geographic area, see Note 12 of the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements"
contained in ADP's 2001 Annual Report to Shareholders, which information is
incorporated herein by reference. The following summary describes ADP's
activities.

Employer Services

     Employer Services offers a comprehensive range of payroll processing, human
resource information management ("HR"), benefits administration, time and labor
management, payroll tax filing and reporting, professional employer organization
("PEO"), regulatory compliance management (i.e., new hire reporting, wage
garnishment processing and COBRA administration), unemployment compensation
management and retirement plan services to approximately 455,000 employers in
the United States, Canada, Europe, Latin America, Australia, and the Pacific
Rim. These services are marketed through ADP's direct marketing sales forces
and through other indirect sales channels such as marketing relationships with
banks, accountants, and online companies through which ADP's services are
marketed to their customers. In fiscal 2001, North America accounted for 88% of
Employer Services' revenues, with Europe generating 11% of Employer Services'
revenues, and Latin America (primarily Brazil), Australia and the Pacific Rim
contributing the remainder.

     Employer Services' approach to the market is to match a client's needs with
the product that will best meet expectations. In North America, approximately
32% of Employer Services' revenues during the past fiscal year was attributable
to its Emerging Business Services (companies with fewer than 100 employees);
approximately 35% of such revenues was attributable to Major Accounts (companies
with between 100 and 999 employees); approximately 27% of such revenues was
attributable to National Accounts Services (companies with 1,000 or more
employees); and approximately 6% of such revenues was attributable to ADP's PEO
business, called TotalSource(R).

     Emerging Business Services ("EBS") processes payroll for over 370,000
clients. EBS provides these smaller companies of usually 1-99 employees with
leading solutions, including a range of value-added services that are
specifically designed for small business clients. Major Accounts (100-999
employees) offers a full suite of best-of-breed employer services solutions for
mid-sized companies, including full database and other functional integration
between payroll and HR. Many of the world's largest corporations (1,000 or more
employees) are National Accounts Services clients. In many cases, ADP provides
system solutions for its clients' entire human resource, payroll and benefits
needs and, through ADP Connection(TM), ADP can enable its largest clients to
interface their major enterprise resource planning applications with ADP's
outsourced payroll services. For those companies who choose to process these
applications in-house, ADP also delivers stand-alone services such as payroll
tax filing, check printing and distribution, and year-end statements (i.e.,
W-2's). Other large clients rely on ADP to design and deliver their own
customized human resource information systems and benefits outsourcing
solutions.

<PAGE>
     In North America, ADP provides payroll services that include the
preparation of client employee paychecks and electronic direct deposits, along
with supporting journals, summaries and management reports. ADP also supplies
the quarterly and annual social security, medicare, and federal, state and local
income tax withholding reports required to be filed by employers and employees.
ADP's tax filing service processes federal, state and local payroll taxes on
behalf of ADP clients and remit such taxes to the appropriate taxing
authorities. Through service offerings such as new hire reporting, ADP
Check/full service direct deposit (in conjunction with major bank partners) and
wage garnishment payment, the ADP Tax and Financial Services Center is also
responsible for the efficient movement of funds and information to third
parties. In Europe, Latin America, Australia and the Pacific Rim, Employer
Services provides full departmental outsourcing of payroll services.

     ADP's HR services, operating in conjunction with a client's payroll
database, provide comprehensive HR recordkeeping services, including benefits
administration and outsourcing, applicant tracking, employee history and
position control. ADP's benefits administration services, including management
of the open enrollment of benefits, COBRA and Flexible Spending Account
administration and 401(k) recordkeeping, provide benefits administration across
all market segments. In fiscal 2001, ADP became the tenth largest provider of
401(k) retirement plans. In fiscal 2001, ADP grew its COBRA administration
services business over 30% and introduced a new Web-based version of its
existing COBRA product.

     The ADP Tax and Financial Services Center supports large, mid-sized and
small clients. It provides an electronic interface between approximately 350,000
ADP clients in the United States and Canada and about 2,000 federal, state and
local tax agencies, from the Internal Revenue Service to local town governments.
In fiscal 2001, the ADP Tax and Financial Services Center printed and delivered
over 43 million year-end tax statements in North America, and moved over $500
billion in client funds to tax authorities and its clients' employees via
electronic transfer, direct deposit and ADP Check.

     TotalSource provides clients with comprehensive employment administration
outsourcing solutions, including payroll, HR, benefits administration and
workers' compensation insurance. TotalSource, the second largest PEO in the
U.S., has 18 offices located in nine states and serves over 3,000 PEO clients
and approximately 70,000 work-site employees in 50 states.  TotalSource revenues
increased 12% in fiscal 2001 over the previous fiscal year.

     ADP complements its payroll and HR services with additional employer
services that include products such as time and labor management and
unemployment compensation management. This fiscal year, ADP expanded its time
and labor management business by over 20%. ADP's unemployment compensation
services aid clients in managing and reducing unemployment insurance costs.

     ADP is in the process of Internet-enabling existing product offerings,
while at the same time creating new products expressly designed for the
Internet. This year, for example, ADP delivered the ADP EasyPayNet(sm) Web-based
payroll service to over 4,000 EBS clients, launched its Internet-based
PayeXpert(R) solution for Major Accounts clients, and introduced the Enterprise
HRMS integrated HR, payroll and benefits solution for National Accounts Services
clients that feature Internet-based employer self-service capabilities. Further,
in fiscal 2001, ADP launched Benefits eXpert(sm), an Internet-based benefits
administration and employee self-service solution that allows mid-market
companies to manage more efficiently their employees' health and welfare
benefits.

                                   3
<PAGE>

     The continued increase in multi-national companies makes payroll and human
resource management services a global opportunity. In fiscal 2001, ADP
increased payroll sales to multi-national employers throughout Europe nearly 50%
over the previous fiscal year. ADP constantly seeks to further enhance its
presence in the global market, and in fiscal 2001 initiated a new partnership
with Exult, Inc. to expand its services for large companies to the "Global 500"
market using a new technology outsourcing model.

Brokerage Services

     Brokerage Services provides transaction processing systems, desktop
productivity applications and investor communication services to the financial
services industry worldwide. ADP's products and services include: (i) global
order entry, trade processing and settlement systems including automated
inquiry, reporting and record keeping services for trading virtually all
financial instruments such as equities, fixed income, foreign currency,
commodities and derivatives; (ii) full-service investor communications services
including state-of-the-art electronic delivery and Internet solutions, financial
printing, proxy distribution and processing, regulatory mailings and fulfillment
services; (iii) real-time order entry and processing services for Web-based
brokerage firms; (iv) automated, browser-based, desktop productivity tools for
financial consultants, institutional investors and corporate secretaries; and
(v) integrated delivery of multiple products and services through ADP's Global
Processing Solution(sm). The Global Processing Solution is ADP's comprehensive
system for handling transactions in any financial instrument, in any market, at
any time.

     ADP serves a diverse client base, including full-service, discount and
online brokerage firms, global banks; mutual funds; institutional investors;
specialty trading firms; clearing firms; as well as publicly traded
corporations. Brokerage Services provides securities transaction processing,
printing and electronic distribution of shareholder communications and other
services to clients in North America, Europe, Pacific Rim, Latin America and
Australia.

         In fiscal 2001, ADP processed a significant portion of U.S. and
Canadian securities transactions, with average daily volumes of more than 1.3
million trades per day. In addition, ADP served the North American securities
transaction processing needs of most large global banks. In fiscal 2001, ADP
converted Lehman Brothers to Brokerage Processing Services, completing the first
phase of its implementation to ADP's Global Processing Solution. Further, ADP
signed agreements to provide the Global Processing Solution to Bank of America
and several other large institutions.

         Brokerage Services also provides computerized proxy vote tabulation and
shareholder communication, distribution and fulfillment services, including
Internet-enabled products and services. ADP served approximately 14,000 publicly
traded companies and 450 mutual funds on behalf of more than 800 brokerage firms
and banks in fiscal 2001. In fiscal 2001, ADP distributed more than 780 million
shareholder communications on behalf of its clients worldwide, nearly 50% more
than fiscal 1999. This year, ADP delivered 5.3 million investor communications
via the Internet, which is 132% more than the prior fiscal year.

         Internationally, Brokerage Services integrates the delivery of multiple
products and services through its Global Processing Solution. ADP now serves
brokerage and banking clients in more than 25 countries, providing global trade
processing and settlement systems for international securities in multiple
currencies. In fiscal 2001, ADP, through its subsidiary Wilco International
Limited, doubled its global product development and outsourced client services
operations in India, expanded its global trade

                                        4
<PAGE>
processing and settlement services for international securities to Australia
and extended its reach into the global retail securities markets in the U.K.

Dealer Services

     Dealer Services provides integrated dealer management systems ("DMS") and
business performance solutions for motor vehicle (automobile and truck) dealers
and their manufacturers worldwide. More than 16,000 automobile and truck dealers
throughout North America and Europe and more than 30 vehicle manufacturers use
ADP's DMS, networking solutions, data integration, consulting and/or marketing
services.

     ADP offers its dealership clients a service solution that includes computer
hardware, hardware maintenance services, licensed software, software support,
system design and network consulting services. ADP also offers its dealership
clients "front-end" dealership sales process and business development training
services, consulting services, software products and customer relationship
management solutions. Clients use an ADP DMS to manage business activities such
as accounting, inventory, factory communications, scheduling, vehicle financing,
insurance, sales and service. ADP designs, establishes and maintains
communications networks for its clients that allow interactive communications
among multiple site locations (for larger dealers) as well as links between
franchised dealers and their vehicle manufacturer franchisors.  These networks
are used for activities such as new vehicle ordering and status inquiry,
warranty submission and validation, parts and vehicle locating, dealership
customer credit application submission and decisioning, vehicle repair
estimating, and obtaining vehicle registration and lien holder information.

Claims Services

     Claims Services offers a broad line of automated information tools to
property and casualty insurance companies, claims adjusters, repair shops and
auto parts recycling facilities. These tools help insurers to improve their
performance by accelerating the claims review and settlement process and
streamlining workflow. The products and services include the following: vehicle
repair estimating applications and total loss vehicle valuation applications and
related databases for the property and casualty, and collision repair
industries; medical cost management applications and services for the auto
casualty and workers' compensation markets; auto body shop management systems;
and parts locator systems.

Markets and Marketing Methods

     All of ADP's services are sold broadly across the United States, Canada
and Europe. Some employer services and brokerage services are also offered in
Latin America (primarily Brazil), Australia and the Pacific Rim.

     None of ADP's major business groups have a single homogenous client base
or market. For example, while Brokerage Services primarily serves the retail
brokerage market, it also serves banks, commodity dealers, the institutional
brokerage market and individual non-brokerage corporations. Dealer Services
primarily serves automobile dealers, but also serves truck and agricultural
equipment dealers, auto repair shops, used car lots, state departments of motor
vehicles and manufacturers of automobiles, trucks and agricultural equipment.
Claims Services has many clients who are insurance companies, but also provides
services to automobile manufacturers, body repair shops, salvage yards,

                                      5
<PAGE>
distributors of new and used automobile parts and other non-insurance clients.
Employer Services has clients from a large variety of industries and markets.
Within this client base are concentrations of clients in specific industries.
Employer Services also sells to auto dealers, brokerage clients and insurance
clients. While concentrations of clients exist, no one business group is
material to ADP's overall revenues.

     None of ADP's businesses are overly sensitive to price changes. Economic
conditions among selected clients and groups of clients may and do have a
temporary impact on demand for ADP's services.

     ADP enjoys a leadership position in each of its major service offerings
and does not believe any major service or business unit in ADP is subject to
unique market risk.

Competition

     The computing services industry is highly competitive. ADP knows of no
reliable statistics by which it can determine the number of its competitors, but
it believes that it is one of the largest providers of computerized transaction
processing, data communication and information services in the world.

     ADP's competitors include other independent computing services companies,
divisions of diversified enterprises and banks. Another competitive factor in
the computing services industry is the in-house computing function, whereby a
company installs and operates its own computing systems.

     Competition in the computing services industry is primarily based on
service responsiveness, product quality and price. ADP believes that it is very
competitive in each of these areas and that there are no material negative
factors impacting ADP's competitive position in the computing services industry.
No one competitor or group of competitors is dominant in the computing services
industry.

Clients and Client Contracts

     ADP provides its services to over 500,000 clients. No single client
accounts for revenues in excess of 2% of annual consolidated revenues.

     ADP has no material "backlog" because the period between the time a client
agrees to use ADP's services and the time the service begins is generally very
short and because no sale is considered firm until it is installed and begins
producing revenue.

     ADP's average client retention is more than 8 years in Employer Services
and is 10 or more years in Brokerage, Dealer and Claims Services, and does not
vary significantly from period to period.

     ADP's services are provided under written price quotations or service
agreements having varying terms and conditions. No one price quotation or
service agreement is material to ADP. Discounts, rebates and promotions offered
by ADP to clients are not material.

     ADP offers a service warranty to its clients that if any errors or
omissions occur in its service offerings, ADP will correct them as soon as
possible. In addition, ADP provides, either directly or through third parties,
maintenance and support for the ADP provided equipment and software which
facilitates the delivery of its services to clients.

                                     6
<PAGE>
Systems Development and Programming

     During the fiscal years ended June 30, 2001, 2000 and 1999, ADP expensed
$514 million, $460 million and $412 million, respectively, on investments in
systems development and programming, migration to new computing technologies
and the development of new products.

Product Development

     ADP continually upgrades, enhances and expands its existing products and
services. Generally, no new product or service has a significant effect on
ADP's revenues or negatively impacts its existing products and services, and
ADP's products and services have a significant remaining life cycle.

Licenses

     ADP is the licensee under a number of agreements for computer programs
and databases. ADP's business is not dependent upon a single license or group of
licenses. Third-party licenses, patents, trademarks and franchises are not
material to ADP's business as a whole.

Number of Employees

     ADP employed approximately 41,000 persons as of June 30, 2001.

Item 2.  Properties

     ADP leases space for 48 of its principal processing centers. In addition,
ADP leases numerous other small processing centers and sales offices. All of
these leases, which aggregate approximately 6,200,000 square feet in the United
States, Canada, Europe, Latin America (primarily Brazil), Pacific Rim,
Australia and South Africa, expire at various times up to the year 2016. ADP
owns 31 of its processing facilities and its corporate headquarters complex in
Roseland, New Jersey, which aggregate approximately 3,000,000 square feet.

Item 3.  Legal Proceedings

     None

Item 4.  Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders

     None

                                     7

<PAGE>

                                    Part II

Item 5.  Market for the Registrant's Common Equity and Related Stockholder
         Matters

     See "Market Price, Dividend Data and Other" contained in the Registrant's
2001 Annual Report to Shareholders, which information is incorporated herein by
reference. As of August 31, 2001, the Registrant had 33,905 registered holders
of its Common Stock, par value $.10 per share. The Registrant's Common Stock is
traded on the New York, Chicago and Pacific Stock Exchanges.

Item 6.  Selected Financial Data

     See "Selected Financial Data" contained in the Registrant's 2001 Annual
Report to Shareholders, which information is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 7.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations

     See "Management's Discussion and Analysis" contained in the Registrant's
2001 Annual Report to Shareholders, which information is incorporated herein by
reference.

Item 7A.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

     Approximately 40% of the Registrant's overall investment portfolio is
invested in overnight interest-bearing instruments, which are therefore impacted
immediately by changes in interest rates. The other 60% of the Registrant's
investment portfolio is invested in fixed-income securities, with maturities up
to ten years, which are also subject to interest rate risk, including
reinvestment risk. The Registrant has historically had the ability to hold these
investments until maturity, and therefore this has not had an adverse impact on
income or cash flows.

     The earnings impact of future rate changes is not precisely predictable
because many factors influence the return on the Registrant's portfolio. These
factors include, among others, the overall portfolio mix between short-term and
long-term investments. The mix varies during the year and is impacted by daily
interest rate changes. A hypothetical change in interest rates of 25 basis
points applied to the June 30, 2001 balances would result in a $12 million
pre-tax earnings impact over the following twelve-month period.

                                      8

<PAGE>

Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

     The financial statements described in Item 14(a)1. hereof are incorporated
herein.

The following supplementary data is incorporated herein by reference:

     Quarterly Financial Results (unaudited) for the two years ended June
     30, 2001 (see Note 13 of the "Notes to Consolidated Financial
     Statements" contained in ADP's 2001 Annual Report to Shareholders)

Item 9.  Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and
         Financial Disclosure

     None

                                    9

<PAGE>

                                    Part III

Item 10.  Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant

Executive Officers of the Registrant

     The executive officers of the Registrant, their ages, positions and the
period during which they have been employed by ADP are as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                                        Employed by
        Name                           Age                         Position                             ADP Since
--------------------                   ---                   --------------------------                 ----------


<S>                                    <C>                   <C>                                           <C>

John D. Barfitt                        48                    President, Employer                           1979
                                                             Services--International

James B. Benson                        56                    Vice President, General                       1977
                                                             Counsel and Secretary

Richard C. Berke                       56                    Vice President, Human                         1989
                                                             Resources

Gary C. Butler                         54                    President and Chief                           1975
                                                             Operating Officer

Raymond L. Colotti                     55                    Vice President and                            1995
                                                             Treasurer

Richard J. Daly                        48                    Group President,                              1989
                                                             Brokerage Services

Richard A. Douville                    46                    Vice President,                               1999
                                                             Finance

G. Harry Durity                        54                    Vice President,                               1994
                                                             Worldwide Business
                                                             Development

Karen E. Dykstra                       42                    Vice President,                               1981
                                                             Finance

Russell P. Fradin                      46                    Group President,                              1996
                                                             Employer Services - North America

Eugene A. Hall                         45                    Senior Vice President, and                    1998
                                                             President of Financial
                                                             and Technology Services,
                                                             Employer Services - North America

                                         10
<PAGE>

John Hogan                             53                    Group President,                              1993
                                                             Brokerage Services

Campbell Langdon                       40                    Vice President,                               2000
                                                             Strategic Development

S. Michael Martone                     53                    Group President, Dealer                       1987
                                                             Services

Arthur F. Weinbach                     58                    Chairman and                                  1980
                                                             Chief Executive Officer

</TABLE>

     Messrs. Benson, Berke, Butler, Daly, Durity, Hogan, Martone and Weinbach
have each been employed by ADP in senior executive positions for more than the
past five years.

     John D. Barfitt joined ADP in 1979. Prior to his promotion to President,
Employer Services -International he served as President, Claims Services at ADP
from 1998 to 2000 and Senior Vice President - Automotive Claims Services at ADP
from 1996 to 1998.

     Raymond L. Colotti joined ADP in 1995.  Prior to his promotion to Vice
President and Treasurer, he served as President of ADP Atlantic, Inc. and its
related companies from 1995 to 1997.

     Karen E. Dykstra joined ADP in 1981. Prior to her promotion to Vice
President, Finance in 2001, she served as Vice President and Controller from
1998 to 2001, Assistant Corporate Controller from 1996 to 1998 and as Chief
Financial Officer of Dealer Services from 1995 to 1996.

     Richard A. Douville joined ADP in 1999 as Vice President, Finance.
Prior to joining ADP, he served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial
Officer from 1996 to 1999 and as Vice President and Treasurer from 1993 to 1996
at United States Surgical Corporation.

     Russell P. Fradin joined ADP in 1996. Prior to his promotion to Group
President, Employer Services - North America, he served as Senior Vice
President. Prior to joining ADP, he was a senior partner of McKinsey & Company
and had been associated with that firm for 18 years.

     Eugene A. Hall joined ADP in 1998 as Senior Vice President. In 2000, he
also became President of Financial and Technology Services of Employer Services
- North America. Prior to joining ADP, he was a senior partner of McKinsey &
Company and had been associated with that firm for 16 years.

     Campbell Langdon joined ADP in 2000 as Vice President, Strategic
Development. Prior to joining ADP, he was a partner of McKinsey & Company and
had been associated with that firm for 11 years.

     Each of ADP's executive officers is elected for a term of one year and
until their successors are chosen and qualified or until their death,
resignation or removal.

Directors of the Registrant

     See "Election of Directors" in the Proxy Statement for Registrant's
2001 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which information is incorporated herein
by reference.

                                       11

<PAGE>

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance

     See "Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance" in the
Proxy Statement for Registrant's 2001 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which
information is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 11.  Executive Compensation

     See "Compensation of Executive Officers" in the Proxy Statement for
Registrant's 2001 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which information is
incorporated herein by reference.

Item 12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management

     See "Election of Directors - Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Managers" in the Proxy Statement for Registrant's 2001 Annual Meeting
of Stockholders, which information is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 13.  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions

     See "Compensation of Executive Officers - Certain Transactions" in the
Proxy Statement for Registrant's 2001 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which
information is incorporated herein by reference.

                                        12
<PAGE>


                                     Part IV

Item 14.  Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules, and Reports on Form 8-K

     (a)1.     Financial Statements

     The following reports and consolidated financial statements of the
Registrant contained in the Registrant's 2001 Annual Report to Shareholders are
also included in Part II, Item 8:

     Statements of Consolidated Earnings - years
          ended June 30, 2001, 2000 and 1999

     Consolidated Balance Sheets - June 30, 2001 and 2000

     Statements of Consolidated Shareholders' Equity - years ended June 30,
          2001, 2000 and 1999

     Statements of Consolidated Cash Flows - years ended June 30, 2001,
          2000 and 1999

     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

     Report of Management

     Independent Auditors' Report

         Financial information of the Registrant is omitted because the
Registrant is primarily a holding company. The Registrant's subsidiaries,
which are listed on Exhibit 21 attached hereto, are wholly-owned.

     2.     Financial Statement Schedules
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                    Page in Form 10-K

<S>        <C>                                                                              <C>

           Independent Auditors' Report on Schedule                                         16

           Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts                                  17

</TABLE>


     All other Schedules have been omitted because they are inapplicable or
are not required or the information is included elsewhere in the financial
statements or notes thereto.

     3. The following exhibits are filed with this Form 10-K or incorporated
herein by reference to the document set forth next to the exhibit in the list
below:

     3.1         -     Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation dated
                       November 11, 1998 - incorporated by reference to Exhibit
                       3.1 to Registrant's registration statement on Form S-4
                       filed with the Commission on February 9, 1999

                                     13

<PAGE>

     3.2         -     Amended and Restated By-laws of the Registrant -
                       incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Registrant's
                       Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter
                       ended December 31, 2000

     4           -     Indenture dated as of February 20, 1992 between Automatic
                       Data Processing, Inc. and Bankers Trust Company, as
                       trustee, regarding the Liquid Yield Option Notes due 2012
                       of the Registrant - incorporated by reference to Exhibit
                       (4)-#1 to Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
                       fiscal year ended June 30, 1992

     10.1        -     Letter Agreement dated as of August 13, 2001 between
                       Automatic Data Processing, Inc. and Arthur F. Weinbach
                       (Management Contract)

     10.2        -     Letter Agreement dated September 14, 1998 between
                       Automatic Data Processing, Inc. and Gary Butler -
                       incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Registrant's
                       Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June
                       30, 1998 (Management Contract)

     10.3        -     Key Employees' Restricted Stock Plan - incorporated by
                       reference to Registrant's Registration Statement No.
                       33-25290 on Form S-8 (Management Compensatory Plan)

     10.4        -     Supplemental Officers' Retirement Plan, as amended and
                       restated - incorporated by reference to Exhibit
                       10(iii)(A)-#5 to Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K
                       for the fiscal year ended June 30, 1993 (Management
                       Compensatory Plan)

     10.4(a)     -     Amendment to Supplemental Officers' Retirement Plan -
                       incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(iii)(A)- #5 to
                       Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
                       year ended June 30, 1997 (Management Compensatory Plan)

     10.5        -     1989 Non-Employee Director Stock Option Plan -
                       incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(iii)(A)-#7
                       to Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
                       year ended June 30, 1990 (Management Compensatory Plan)

     10.5(a)     -     Amendment to 1989 Non-Employee Director Stock Option Plan
                       - incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(6)(a) to
                       Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
                       year ended June 30, 1997 (Management Compensatory Plan)

     10.6        -     1990 Key Employees' Stock Option Plan - incorporated by
                       reference to Exhibit 10(iii)(A)-#8 to Registrant's Annual
                       Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30,
                       1990 (Management Compensatory Plan)

     10.6(a)     -     Amendment to 1990 Key Employees' Stock Option Plan -
                       incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(7)(a) to
                       Registrant's Annual Report on Form

                                         14

<PAGE>

                       10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 1997 (Management
                       Compensatory Plan)

     10.7        -     1994 Directors' Pension Arrangement - incorporated by
                       reference to Exhibit 10(iii)(A)-#10 to Registrant's
                       Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June
                       30, 1994 (Management Compensatory Plan)

     10.8        -     2000 Key Employees' Stock Option Plan - incorporated by
                       reference to Exhibit 10.10 to Registrant's Annual Report
                       on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 1999
                       (Management Compensatory Plan)

     10.9        -     2001 Executive Incentive Compensation Plan (Management
                       Compensatory Plan)

     10.10       -     Change in Control Severance Plan for Corporate Officers -
                       incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Registrant's
                       Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter
                       ended March 31, 2001

     11          -     Schedule of Calculation of Earnings Per Share

     13          -     Pages 20 to 35 of the 2001 Annual Report to Shareholders
                       (with the exception of the pages incorporated by
                       reference herein, the Annual Report is not a part of this
                       filing)

     21          -     Subsidiaries of the Registrant

     23          -     Independent Auditors' Consent

     (b)       None.

                                       15

<PAGE>


                    INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT ON SCHEDULE



To the Board of Directors
and Shareholders of
Automatic Data Processing, Inc.
Roseland, New Jersey



We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Automatic Data
Processing, Inc. and subsidiaries as of June 30, 2001 and 2000, and for each of
the three years in the period ended June 30, 2001, and have issued our report
thereon dated August 13, 2001; such consolidated financial statements and report
are included in your 2001 Annual Report to Shareholders and are incorporated
herein by reference. Our audits also included the financial statement schedule
of Automatic Data Processing, Inc., listed in Item 14. This financial statement
schedule is the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility
is to express an opinion based on our audits. In our opinion, such financial
statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated
financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly in all material respects
the information set forth therein.


/s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP
New York, New York
August 13, 2001

                                     16


<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                               AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC.

                                     AND SUBSIDIARIES

                        SCHEDULE II - VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS

                                 (In thousands)



Column A                            Column B                   Column C                Column D            Column E
--------                            --------                   --------                --------           ---------


                                                               Additions
                                                        --------------------------

<S>                                 <C>              <C>               <C>            <C>                <C>

                                                        (1)                (2)
                                                                       Charged to
                                    Balance at       Charged to        other                              Balance at
                                    beginning        costs and         accounts-       Deductions-        end of
                                    of period        expenses          describe        describe           period
                                    ---------        ---------         ---------       ----------         ----------

Year ended June 30, 2001:
Allowance for doubtful accounts:
  Current                           $48,448          $ 16,431          $  114 (B)      $ (22,997) (A)     $ 41,996

  Long-term                         $16,946          $  1,369          $   --          $  (1,649) (A)     $ 16,666

Deferred Tax Valuation Allowance    $22,163          $     --          $  (165) (C)    $  (7,750) (D)     $ 14,248


Year ended June 30, 2000:
Allowance for doubtful accounts:
  Current                           $46,357          $ 25,020          $1,663 (B)      $ (24,592) (A)     $ 48,448

  Long-term                         $16,556          $  1,942          $   --          $  (1,552) (A)     $ 16,946

Deferred Tax Valuation Allowance    $22,496          $     --          $ (333)(C)      $     --           $ 22,163

Year ended June 30, 1999:
Allowance for doubtful accounts:
  Current                           $45,595          $ 17,551          $1,788 (B)      $ (18,577) (A)     $ 46,357

  Long-term                         $14,431          $  2,470          $   --          $    (345) (A)     $ 16,556

Deferred Tax Valuation Allowance    $22,639          $     --          $ (143)(C)      $     --           $ 22,496


</TABLE>

(A) Doubtful accounts written off, less recoveries on accounts previously
    written off.
(B) Acquired in purchase/pooling transactions.
(C) Related to foreign exchange fluctuation.
(D) Related to the net deferred tax assets recorded in purchase accounting. The
    recognition of this allowance reduces the excess purchase price over the net
    assets acquired.

                                      17
<PAGE>


                                   SIGNATURES

     Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                                                AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC.
                                                        (Registrant)


September 14, 2001                              By: /s/ Arthur F. Weinbach
                                                    -------------------------
                                                    Arthur F. Weinbach
                                                    Chairman and
                                                    Chief Executive Officer


     Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this
report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

     Signature                                               Title                              Date
<S>                                                  <C>                                <C>


    /s/ Arthur F. Weinbach                           Chairman, Chief Executive          September 14, 2001
    ----------------------------------
      (Arthur F. Weinbach)                           Officer and Director
                                                     (Principal Executive Officer)

    /s/ Karen E. Dykstra                             Vice President, Finance            September 14, 2001
    ----------------------------------
      (Karen E. Dykstra)                             (Principal Financial Officer
                                                     and Controller)

    /s/ Gregory D. Brenneman                         Director                           September 14, 2001
    ----------------------------------
      (Gregory D. Brenneman)


    /s/ Gary C. Butler                               Director                           September 14, 2001
    ----------------------------------
      (Gary C. Butler)


    /s/ Joseph A. Califano, Jr.                      Director                           September 14, 2001
    ----------------------------------
      (Joseph A. Califano, Jr.)


    /s/ Leon G. Cooperman                            Director                           September 14, 2001
    ----------------------------------
      (Leon G. Cooperman)


    /s/ George H. Heilmeier                          Director                           September 14, 2001
    ----------------------------------
      (George H. Heilmeier)

                                                        18
<PAGE>


    Signature                                        Title                                          Date


    /s/ Ann Dibble Jordan                            Director                           September 14, 2001
    ----------------------------------
      (Ann Dibble Jordan)


    /s/ Harvey M. Krueger                            Director                           September 14, 2001
    ----------------------------------
      (Harvey M. Krueger)


    /s/ Frederic V. Malek                            Director                           September 14, 2001
    ----------------------------------
      (Frederic V. Malek)


    /s/ Henry Taub                                   Director                           September 14, 2001
    ----------------------------------
      (Henry Taub)


    /s/ Laurence A. Tisch                            Director                           September 14, 2001
    ----------------------------------
      (Laurence A. Tisch)


    /s/ Josh S. Weston                               Director                           September 14, 2001
    ----------------------------------
      (Josh S. Weston)

</TABLE>

                                                       19



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
