<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>form10k.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM10K
<TEXT>
________________________________________________________________________________

                                    FORM 10-K

                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

                             Washington, D.C. 20549

       [X]      ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
                SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

                     For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2003

                                       OR

       [ ]     TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
               SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

                         Commission file number 1-5397

                        AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

            Delaware                                     22-1467904
(State or other jurisdiction of             (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)
incorporation or organization)

One ADP Boulevard, Roseland, New Jersey                  07068
(Address of principal executive offices)               (Zip Code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code: 973-974-5000

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

                                                       Name of each exchange on
         Title of each class                               which registered

     Common Stock, $.10 Par Value                     New York Stock Exchange
               (voting)                                Chicago Stock Exchange
                                                       Pacific Stock Exchange

  Liquid Yield Option Notes due 2012                   New York Stock Exchange

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:   NONE

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required
to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was
required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to the filing
requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes  x     No _____
                                       -----

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation S-K (ss.229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein and will
not be contained, to the best of Registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or
information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K
or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [ ]

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is an accelerated filer (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). Yes  x   No _____
                                                                  -----

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by
non-affiliates of the Registrant as of the last trading day of the Registrant's
most recently completed second fiscal quarter was approximately $23,534,103,946.
On August 31, 2003, there were 594,883,230 shares of Common Stock outstanding.

                       DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Portions of the Registrant's 2003 Annual Report to Shareholders.Parts I, II & IV
Portions of the Registrant's Proxy Statement for Annual Meeting
of Stockholders to be held on November 11, 2003.                Part III
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<PAGE>

                                     Part I

Item 1.  Business

         Automatic Data Processing, Inc., incorporated in Delaware in 1961
(together with its subsidiaries "ADP" or the "Registrant"), is one of the
largest providers of computerized transaction processing, data communication and
information services in the world. For financial information by segment and by
geographic area, see Note 13 of the "Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements"
contained in ADP's 2003 Annual Report to Shareholders, which information is
incorporated herein by reference. The Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K,
Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and all amendments
to those reports, Proxy Statement for its Annual Meeting of Stockholders and
Annual Report to Shareholders are made available, free of charge, on its website
at www.adp.com as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports have been
filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission. The following
summary describes ADP's activities.

Employer Services

         Employer Services offers a comprehensive range of payroll processing,
human resource ("HR") and benefits administration products and services,
including traditional and Web-based outsourcing solutions that help over 460,000
employers in North America, Europe, South America (primarily Brazil), Australia
and Asia staff, manage, pay and retain their employees. Employer Services
markets these products and services through its direct marketing sales force
and, on a limited basis, through indirect sales channels, such as marketing
relationships with banks, accountants and online companies. In fiscal 2003, 90%
of Employer Services' revenues were from North America, 9% were from Europe and
1% was from South America (primarily Brazil), Australia and Asia.

         Employer Services' approach to the market is to match a client's needs
with the product that will best meet expectations. To facilitate this approach,
in North America, Employer Services is comprised of the following groups: Small
Business Services (which was previously known as Emerging Business Services)
("SBS") (primarily companies with fewer than 50 employees); Major Accounts
(primarily companies with between 50 and 999 employees); and National Accounts
Services (primarily companies with 1,000 or more employees).

         SBS processes payroll for smaller companies and provides them with
leading solutions, including a range of value-added services that are
specifically designed for small business clients. Major Accounts and National
Accounts Services offer a full suite of best-of-breed employer services
solutions, including full database and other functional integration between
payroll and HR for clients ranging from mid-sized through many of the world's
largest corporations. In fiscal 2003, ADP expanded its presence in its National
Accounts Services market through its acquisition of ProBusiness Services, Inc.,
a provider of comprehensive payroll, tax filing and HR processing services to
large companies in the United States.

         In some cases, ADP provides system solutions for its clients' entire
human resource, payroll and benefits needs. Through ADP Connection(R), ADP can
enable its largest clients to interface their major enterprise resource planning
applications with ADP's outsourced payroll services. For those companies that
choose to process these applications in-house, ADP delivers stand-alone services
such as payroll tax filing, check printing and distribution and year-end tax
statements (i.e., W-2s). Other large clients rely on ADP to design and deliver
customized human resource information systems and benefits outsourcing
solutions.

                                   -2-
<PAGE>

         In North America, ADP provides payroll services that include the
preparation of client employee paychecks and electronic direct deposits, along
with supporting journals, summaries and management reports. ADP also supplies
the quarterly and annual social security, medicare and federal, state and local
income tax withholding reports required to be filed by employers and employees.
In Europe, South America (primarily Brazil), Australia and Asia, Employer
Services provides full departmental outsourcing of payroll services.

         The ADP Financial and Compliance Services business (which was
previously known as ADP Tax and Financial Services) processes and collects
federal, state and local payroll taxes on behalf of, and from, ADP clients and
remits such taxes to the appropriate taxing authorities. The ADP Financial and
Compliance Services business is also responsible for the efficient movement of
funds and information from clients to third parties through service offerings
such as new hire reporting, ADP's TotalPay(TM) payroll check (ADPCheck(TM)),
full service direct deposit (FSDD) and, in conjunction with major bank partners,
stored value payroll card (TotalPay Card) products and the collection and
payment of wage garnishments. The ADP Financial and Compliance Services business
supports large, mid-sized and small clients. It provides an electronic interface
between approximately 364,000 ADP clients in the United States and Canada and
about 2,000 federal, state, provincial and local tax agencies, from the Internal
Revenue Service to local town governments. In fiscal 2003, the ADP Financial and
Compliance Services business printed and delivered approximately 38 million
year-end tax statements in North America and moved over $620 billion in client
funds to taxing authorities and its clients' employees via electronic transfer,
direct deposit and ADPCheck.

         ADP's HR services, by interfacing with a client's payroll database,
provide comprehensive HR recordkeeping services, including benefits
administration and outsourcing, applicant tracking, employee history and
position control. ADP's Benefits Services provides benefits administration
across all market segments, including management of the open enrollment of
benefits, COBRA and flexible spending account administration, Section 529
College Savings Plan administrative services and 401(k) recordkeeping. In fiscal
2003, ADP greatly expanded its retirement services business through its
acquisition of the retirement services recordkeeping operations of Scudder
Investments, making ADP the 4th largest recordkeeper of retirement plans in the
United States (based on number of plans).

         ADP TotalSource, ADP's professional employer organization ("PEO")
business, provides clients with comprehensive employment administration
outsourcing solutions, including payroll, tax filing, employee background
checks, HR guidance, 401(k) plan administration, benefits administration,
regulatory compliance services, workers' compensation insurance and supplemental
benefits for employees. ADP TotalSource, the second largest PEO in the U.S.
(based on the number of worksite employees), has 29 offices located in fifteen
states and serves over 3,800 PEO clients and over 85,000 work-site employees in
all 50 states.

         ADP complements its payroll and HR services with additional employer
services that include products such as time and labor management, pre-employment
screening and selection services and unemployment compensation management. In
fiscal 2003, ADP expanded its service offerings by acquiring the assets of the
SMS companies, leading providers of job tax credit services that assist
employers in the identification of, and filing for, special tax credits based
on geography, demographics and other criteria.

         During fiscal 2003, ADP continued the process of Web-enabling existing
product offerings, while at the same time creating new products expressly
designed for the Internet. ADP's Internet offerings now include its
EasyPayNet(sm) Web-based payroll solution for SBS clients, Pay eXpert(R)
Web-based payroll solution for Major Accounts clients and its PayForce(sm)
Web-based payroll solution and

                                   -3-
<PAGE>

Enterprise HRMS integrated HR, payroll and benefits solution for National
Accounts Services clients, all of which feature Web-based employer self-service
capabilities. Further, during fiscal 2003, ADP continued its rollout of its new
TotalChoice(sm) Solutions Web-based payroll solution, a fully-integrated,
Web-native human resource and payroll management solution hosted by ADP that was
originally launched in fiscal 2002. For benefits administration, ADP offers
Benefits eXpert(sm), a Web-based benefits administration and employee
self-service solution that allows mid-sized companies in Major Accounts to
manage more efficiently their employees' health and welfare benefits. For large
clients, ADP Benefit Services offers a Web-based COBRA administrative solution,
as well as employee self-service applications for open-enrollment, flexible
spending account administration and other employee-administered benefit options.

         The continued increase in the number of multi-national companies makes
payroll and human resource management services a global opportunity. In fiscal
2003, ADP increased payroll sales to multi-national employers throughout Europe
by nearly 36% over the previous fiscal year.

Brokerage Services

         Brokerage Services provides transaction processing systems, desktop
productivity applications and investor communications services to the financial
services industry worldwide. ADP's products and services include: (i) global
order entry, trade processing and settlement systems that enable firms to trade
virtually any financial instrument, in any market, at any time; (ii)
full-service investor communications services including: electronic delivery and
Web solutions; workflow services; financial, offset, and on-demand printing;
proxy distribution and vote processing; householding; regulatory mailings;
fulfillment; and customized communications; (iii) real-time order entry and
processing services for Web-based brokerage firms; (iv) automated, browser-based
desktop productivity tools for financial consultants and back office personnel;
and (v) integrated delivery of multiple products and services through ADP's
Global Processing Solution.

         Brokerage Services serves a large client base in the financial services
industry, including: retail and institutional brokerage firms; global banks;
mutual funds; annuity companies; institutional investors; specialty trading
firms; clearing firms; hedge funds; and publicly owned corporations. Brokerage
Services provides securities transaction processing, printing and electronic
distribution of shareholder communications and other services to clients in more
than 25 countries in North America, Europe, Asia, South America and Australia.
Brokerage Services also provides computerized proxy vote tabulation and
shareholder communication, distribution and fulfillment services, including
Web-enabled products and services. ADP served approximately 14,000 publicly
traded companies and 450 mutual funds and annuity companies with proxy services
on behalf of more than 800 brokerage firms and banks in fiscal 2003. In fiscal
2003, Brokerage Services received ISO 9001:2000 certification, an international
standard for the highest quality, for its vote processing, production
operations, print operations and client services systems.

         In fiscal 2003, Brokerage Services acquired the assets of Vantra Group,
Inc., a leading provider of specialized Web-based solutions to brokerage
clients; all of the capital stock of Power Securities Systems, Inc., a leading
back-office software provider for niche market firms; and all of the capital
stock of Dataphile Software, Ltd., a leading provider of real-time,
straight-through-processing solutions for brokerage firms and mutual fund
securities dealers in Canada.

                                   -4-
<PAGE>

Dealer Services

         Dealer Services provides integrated dealer management computer systems
(such a system is also known in the industry as a "DMS") and other business
performance solutions to automotive retailers and their manufacturers throughout
North America and Europe. More than 16,000 automobile and truck dealers and more
than 30 manufacturers use ADP's DMS, networking solutions, data integration,
consulting and/or marketing services.

         Dealer Services offers its dealership clients a service solution that
includes computer hardware, hardware maintenance services, licensed software,
software support, system design and network consulting services. Dealer Services
also offers its clients "front-end" dealership sales process and business
development training services, consulting services, software products and
customer relationship management solutions. Clients use an ADP DMS to manage
business activities such as accounting, inventory, factory communications,
scheduling, vehicle financing, insurance, sales and service. Dealer Services
also designs, establishes and maintains communications networks for its
dealership clients that allow interactive communications among multiple site
locations (for larger dealers), as well as links between franchised dealers and
their vehicle manufacturer franchisors. These networks are used for activities
such as new vehicle ordering and status inquiry, warranty submission and
validation, parts and vehicle locating, dealership customer credit application
submission and decisioning, vehicle repair estimating and obtaining vehicle
registration and lien holder information. Dealer Services also offers an
Application Service Provider Managed Services solution to its dealership clients
pursuant to which such clients outsource all information technology management,
computing and network infrastructure, technology decisions and system support to
Dealer Services.

Claims Services

         Claims Services offers integrated business solutions for clients in the
property and casualty insurance, auto collision repair and auto recycling
industries. These products help clients manage costs and improve efficiency and
accelerate the claims review and settlement process. These products and services
include (i) claims management applications such as automated repair estimating,
total loss vehicle valuation, first notice of loss, dispatch and assignment,
claims audit, parts exchange and workflow applications that streamline the
end-to-end claims process, (ii) body shop and auto recycler management systems
and (iii) other applications, databases and services that enhance and optimize
the claims process.

Markets and Marketing Methods

         All of ADP's services are offered broadly across North America and
Europe. Some employer services and brokerage services are also offered in South
America (primarily Brazil), Australia and Asia.

         None of ADP's major business groups have a single homogenous client
base or market. For example, Brokerage Services serves a large client base in
the financial services industry including retail and institutional firms, banks
and individual non-brokerage corporations. Dealer Services primarily serves
automobile dealers, but also serves truck and agricultural equipment dealers,
auto repair shops, used car lots, state departments of motor vehicles and
manufacturers of automobiles, trucks and agricultural equipment. Claims Services
has many clients who are insurance companies, but it also provides services to
automobile manufacturers, body repair shops, salvage yards, distributors of new
and used automobile parts and other non-insurance clients. Employer Services has
clients from a large variety of industries and markets. Within this client base
are concentrations of clients in specific

                                  -5-
<PAGE>

industries. Employer Services also sells to auto dealers, brokerage clients and
insurance clients. While concentrations of clients exist, no one client or
business group is material to ADP's overall revenues.

         None of ADP's businesses are overly sensitive to price changes.
Economic conditions among selected clients and groups of clients may and do have
a temporary impact on demand for ADP's services. In fiscal 2003, despite the
continued impact of weak economic conditions, Employer Services continued to
grow, primarily due to the increase in its North America payroll and tax
businesses, including strong growth in its "beyond payroll" products and in its
PEO business, and improved client retention; in Brokerage Services, weakness in
the brokerage and financial services industry reduced Brokerage Services'
primarily volume-based back-office processing and investor communications
activities; and interest rates in the U.S. continued to decline over the last
fiscal year, significantly impacting interest earnings on our client and
corporate funds.

         ADP enjoys a leadership position in each of its major service offerings
and does not believe any major service or business unit in ADP is subject to
unique market risk.

Competition

         The computing services industry is highly competitive. ADP knows of no
reliable statistics by which it can determine the number of its competitors, but
it believes that it is one of the largest providers of computerized transaction
processing, data communication and information services in the world.

         ADP's competitors include other independent computing services
companies, divisions of diversified enterprises and banks. Another competitive
factor in the computing services industry is the in-house computing function,
whereby a company installs and operates its own computing systems.

         Competition in the computing services industry is primarily based on
service responsiveness, product quality and price. ADP believes that it is very
competitive in each of these areas and that there are no material negative
factors impacting ADP's competitive position in the computing services industry.
No one competitor or group of competitors is dominant in the computing services
industry.

Clients and Client Contracts

         ADP provides its services to approximately 500,000 clients. In fiscal
2003, no single client or group of affiliated clients accounted for revenues in
excess of 2% of annual consolidated revenues.

         ADP has no material "backlog" because the period between the time a
client agrees to use ADP's services and the time the service begins is generally
very short. Depending on the service agreement and/or the size of the client,
the installation or conversion period for new clients could vary from a short
period of time (up to two weeks) for an SBS client to a longer period (generally
six to twelve months) for a National Accounts Services or Dealer Services client
with multiple deliverables.

         ADP's average client retention is more than 8 years in Employer
Services and is 10 or more years in Brokerage Services and Dealer Services, and
does not vary significantly from period to period.

         ADP's services are provided under written price quotations or service
agreements having varying terms and conditions. No one price quotation or
service agreement is material to ADP. Discounts, rebates and promotions offered
by ADP to clients are not material.

                                   -6-
<PAGE>

Systems Development and Programming

         During the fiscal years ended June 30, 2003, 2002 and 2001, ADP
invested $604 million, $535 million and $584 million, respectively, in systems
development and programming, migration to new computing technologies and the
development of new products and maintenance of our existing technologies,
including purchases of new software and software licenses.

Product Development

         ADP continually upgrades, enhances and expands its existing products
and services. Generally, no new product or service has a significant effect on
ADP's revenues or negatively impacts its existing products and services, and
ADP's products and services have a significant remaining life cycle.

Licenses

         ADP is the licensee under a number of agreements for computer programs
and databases. ADP's business is not dependent upon a single license or group of
licenses. Third-party licenses, patents, trademarks and franchises are not
material to ADP's business as a whole.

Number of Employees

         ADP employed approximately 41,000 persons as of June 30, 2003.

Item 2.  Properties

         ADP leases space for 24 of its principal processing centers. In
addition, ADP leases numerous other operational offices and sales offices. All
of these leases, which aggregate approximately 7,100,000 square feet in North
America, Europe, South America (primarily Brazil), Asia, Australia and South
Africa, expire at various times up to the year 2018. ADP owns 14 of its
processing facilities, other operational offices and its corporate headquarters
complex in Roseland, New Jersey, which aggregate approximately 3,000,000 square
feet. None of ADP's owned facilities is subject to any material encumbrances.
ADP believes its facilities are currently adequate for their intended purposes
and are adequately maintained.

Item 3.  Legal Proceedings

          In the normal course of business, the Registrant is subject to various
claims and litigation. While the outcome of any litigation is inherently
unpredictable, the Registrant believes it has valid defenses with respect to the
legal matters pending against it and the Registrant believes that the ultimate
resolution of these matters will not have a material adverse impact on its
financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Among the various
claims and litigation pending against the Registrant is the following:

         The Registrant and its indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries Dealer
Solutions, L.L.C. and Dealer Solutions Holdings, Inc. ("DSI") are named as
defendants in a lawsuit filed on March 4, 1999 in the 133rd Judicial District
Court of Harris County, Texas by Universal Computer Systems, Inc., Universal
Computer Consulting, Ltd., Universal Computer Services, Inc., and Dealer
Computer Services, Inc. (collectively, "UCS"), which lawsuit has since been
referred by the District Court to arbitration and was tried before an
arbitration panel in June 2003 with a final decision expected in October 2003.
This lawsuit alleges trade secret violations by DSI in the creation by DSI of
the CARMan automobile

                                   -7-
<PAGE>

dealership software product and misappropriation of those trade secrets by the
Registrant through its acquisition of DSI. UCS is seeking injunctive relief and
damages of $56 million. The Registrant believes it has valid defenses with
respect to the above matter and should prevail.

Item 4.  Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders

         None

                                   -8-

<PAGE>

                                     Part II

Item 5.  Market for the Registrant's Common Equity and Related Stockholder
         Matters

         See "Market Price, Dividend Data and Other" contained in the
Registrant's 2003 Annual Report to Shareholders, which information is
incorporated herein by reference. As of August 31, 2003, the Registrant had
36,439 registered holders of its Common Stock, par value $.10 per share. The
Registrant's Common Stock is traded on the New York, Chicago and Pacific Stock
Exchanges.

         On February 11, 2003, the Registrant issued 9,430 shares of its Common
Stock in respect of an earnout paid to a company in accordance with an asset
purchase agreement dated November 30, 2000 pursuant to which the Registrant
acquired substantially all of the assets of such company. The Registrant issued
the foregoing shares of Common Stock without registration under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, in reliance upon the exemption therefrom set forth in
Section 4(2) of such Act relating to sales by an issuer not involving a public
offering.

Item 6.  Selected Financial Data

         See "Selected Financial Data" contained in the Registrant's 2003 Annual
Report to Shareholders, which information is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 7.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
         of Operations

         See "Management's Discussion and Analysis" contained in the
Registrant's 2003 Annual Report to Shareholders, which information is
incorporated herein by reference.

Item 7A.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

         See "Management's Discussion and Analysis - Liquidity and Capital
Resources" contained in the Registrant's 2003 Annual Report to Shareholders,
which information is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

         The financial statements described in Item 15(a)1. hereof are
         incorporated herein.

         The following supplementary data is incorporated herein by reference:

         Quarterly Financial Results (unaudited) for the two years ended June
         30, 2003 (see Note 14 of the "Notes to Consolidated Financial
         Statements" contained in ADP's 2003 Annual Report to Shareholders)

Item 9.  Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and
         Financial Disclosure

         None

                                   -9-
<PAGE>

Item 9A.  Controls and Procedures

         The Registrant carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and
with the participation of the Registrant's management, including the
Registrant's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the
effectiveness of the Registrant's disclosure controls and procedures, as defined
in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934.
Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer have concluded that the Registrant's disclosure controls and procedures
as of June 30, 2003 were effective to ensure that information required to be
disclosed by the Registrant in reports that it files or submits under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported
within the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission's rules
and forms.

         There were no changes in the Registrant's internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended June 30, 2003 that
have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the
Registrant's internal control over financial reporting.

                                   -10-

<PAGE>

                                    Part III

Item 10.  Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant

Executive Officers of the Registrant

         The executive officers of the Registrant, their ages, positions and the
period during which they have been employed by ADP are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                                     Employed by
        Name                           Age                         Position                          ADP Since
--------------------                   ---                   --------------------------              ----------
<S>                                    <C>                   <C>                                     <C>

John D. Barfitt                        50                    Vice President                             1979

James B. Benson                        58                    Vice President, General                    1977
                                                             Counsel and Secretary

Richard C. Berke                       58                    Vice President, Human                      1989
                                                             Resources

Gary C. Butler                         56                    President and Chief                        1975
                                                             Operating Officer

Raymond L. Colotti                     57                    Vice President and                         1995
                                                             Treasurer

Richard J. Daly                        50                    Group President,                           1989
                                                             Brokerage Services

G. Harry Durity                        56                    Vice President,                            1994
                                                             Worldwide Business
                                                             Development

Karen E. Dykstra                       44                    Chief Financial Officer                    1981

Russell P. Fradin                      48                    Group President,                           1996
                                                             Employer Services

Eugene A. Hall                         47                    President,
                                                             Employer Services -
                                                             Major Accounts Division                    1998

John Hogan                             55                    Group President,                           1993
                                                             Brokerage Services

Campbell Langdon                       42                    President,
                                                             Tax, Financial and Time
                                                             Management Services                        2000

                                   -11-
<PAGE>

S. Michael Martone                     55                    Group President, Dealer                    1987
                                                             Services

Peter Op de Beeck                      47                    President,                                 1998
                                                             Claims Solutions Group

Dan Sheldon                            47                    Vice President,                            1984
                                                             Corporate Controller

George I. Stoeckert                    55                    President, Employer                        1991
                                                             Services - International

Arthur F. Weinbach                     60                    Chairman and                               1980
                                                             Chief Executive Officer
</TABLE>

         Messrs. Benson, Berke, Butler, Daly, Durity, Fradin, Hall, Hogan,
Martone and Weinbach have each been employed by ADP in senior executive
positions for more than the past five years.

         John D. Barfitt joined ADP in 1979. He is a Vice President. He served
as President, Employer Services -International from 2000 to 2003, President,
Claims Services at ADP from 1998 to 2000 and Senior Vice President - Automotive
Claims Services at ADP from 1996 to 1998.

         Raymond L. Colotti joined ADP in 1995. Prior to his promotion to Vice
President and Treasurer in 1997, he served as President of ADP Atlantic, Inc.
and its related companies from 1995 to 1997.

         Karen E. Dykstra joined ADP in 1981. Prior to her promotion to Chief
Financial Officer in 2003, she served as Vice President, Finance from 2001 to
2003, Vice President and Controller from 1998 to 2001 and Assistant Corporate
Controller from 1996 to 1998.

         Campbell Langdon joined ADP in 2000 as Vice President, Strategic
Development. In 2003, he was promoted to President, Tax, Financial and Time
Management Services. Prior to joining ADP, he was a partner of McKinsey &
Company and had been associated with that firm for 11 years.

         Peter Op de Beeck joined ADP in 1998 as Managing Director of Claims
Solutions Group's Audatex. In 2001, he became President of ADP Claims Solutions
Group. Prior to joining ADP, he was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of
Online Internet from 1996 to 1998.

         Dan Sheldon joined ADP in 1984. Prior to his promotion to Vice
President, Corporate Controller in 2003, he served as Chief Financial Officer of
Brokerage Services from 2001 to 2003 and Chief Financial Officer of Dealer
Services from 1996 to 2001.

         George I. Stoeckert joined ADP in 1991. Prior to his promotion to
President, Employer Services International in 2003, he served as President -
Major Accounts Division, Employer Services from 1995 to 2003.

         Each of ADP's executive officers is elected for a term of one year and
until their successors are chosen and qualified or until their death,
resignation or removal.

                                   -12-
<PAGE>

Directors of the Registrant

         See "Election of Directors" in the Proxy Statement for Registrant's
2003 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which information is incorporated herein by
reference.

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance

         See "Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance" in the
Proxy Statement for Registrant's 2003 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which
information is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 11.  Executive Compensation

         See "Compensation of Executive Officers" and "Election of Directors" in
the Proxy Statement for Registrant's 2003 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which
information is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and
          Related Stockholder Matters

         See "Election of Directors - Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Managers" and "Compensation of Executive Officers - Equity
Compensation Plan Information" in the Proxy Statement for Registrant's 2003
Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which information is incorporated herein by
reference.

Item 13.  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions

         See "Compensation of Executive Officers - Certain Transactions" in the
Proxy Statement for Registrant's 2003 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which
information is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 14.  Principal Accountant Fees and Services

         See "Independent Auditors' Fees" in the Proxy Statement for
Registrant's 2003 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which information is
incorporated herein by reference.

                                   -13-
<PAGE>

                                 Part IV

Item 15.  Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules, and Reports on Form 8-K

         (a)1.    Financial Statements

         The following reports and consolidated financial statements of the
Registrant contained in the Registrant's 2003 Annual Report to Shareholders are
also included in Part II, Item 8:

         Statements of Consolidated Earnings - years ended June 30, 2003, 2002
         and 2001

         Consolidated Balance Sheets - June 30, 2003 and 2002

         Statements of Consolidated Shareholders' Equity - years ended June 30,
         2003, 2002 and 2001

         Statements of Consolidated Cash Flows - years ended June 30, 2003, 2002
         and 2001

         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

         Report of Management

         Independent Auditors' Report

         Financial information of the Registrant is omitted because the
Registrant is primarily a holding company. The Registrant's subsidiaries, which
are listed on Exhibit 21 attached hereto, are wholly owned.

         2.       Financial Statement Schedules

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                           Page in Form 10-K
<S>        <C>                                                                     <C>

           Independent Auditors' Report on Schedule                                 17

           Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts                          18
</TABLE>

         All other Schedules have been omitted because they are inapplicable or
are not required or the information is included elsewhere in the financial
statements or notes thereto.

         3.       Exhibits

         The following exhibits are filed with this Form 10-K or incorporated
herein by reference to the document set forth next to the exhibit in the list
below:

         3.1        -      Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
                           dated November 11, 1998 - incorporated by reference
                           to Exhibit 3.1 to Registrant's Registration Statement
                           No. 333-72023 on Form S-4 filed with the Commission
                           on February 9, 1999

                                   -14-
<PAGE>

         3.2        -          Amended and Restated By-laws of the Registrant -
                               incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to
                               Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
                               fiscal year ended June 30, 2002

         4          -          Indenture dated as of February 20, 1992 between
                               Automatic Data Processing, Inc. and Bankers Trust
                               Company, as trustee, regarding the Liquid Yield
                               Option Notes due 2012 of the Registrant -
                               incorporated by reference to Exhibit (4)-#1 to
                               Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
                               fiscal year ended June 30, 1992

         10.1       -          Letter Agreement dated as of August 13, 2001
                               between Automatic Data Processing, Inc. and
                               Arthur F. Weinbach - incorporated by reference to
                               Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant's Annual Report on
                               Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2001
                               (Management Contract)

         10.2       -          Letter Agreement dated September 14, 1998 between
                               Automatic Data Processing, Inc. and Gary Butler -
                               incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to
                               Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
                               fiscal year ended June 30, 1998 (Management
                               Contract)

         10.3       -          Key Employees' Restricted Stock Plan -
                               incorporated by reference to Registrant's
                               Registration Statement No. 33-25290 on Form S-8
                               (Management Compensatory Plan)

         10.4       -          Supplemental Officers' Retirement Plan, as
                               amended - incorporated by reference to Exhibit
                               10.4 to Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K
                               for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2002
                               (Management Compensatory Plan)

         10.5       -          1989 Non-Employee Director Stock Option Plan -
                               incorporated by reference to Exhibit
                               10(iii)(A)-#7 to Registrant's Annual Report on
                               Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 1990
                               (Management Compensatory Plan)

         10.5(a)    -          Amendment to 1989 Non-Employee Director Stock
                               Option Plan - incorporated by reference to
                               Exhibit 10(6)(a) to Registrant's Annual Report on
                               Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 1997
                               (Management Compensatory Plan)

         10.6       -          1990 Key Employees' Stock Option Plan -
                               incorporated by reference to Exhibit
                               10(iii)(A)-#8 to Registrant's Annual Report on
                               Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 1990
                               (Management Compensatory Plan)

         10.6(a)    -          Amendment to 1990 Key Employees' Stock Option
                               Plan - incorporated by reference to Exhibit
                               10(7)(a) to Registrant's Annual Report on Form
                               10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 1997
                               (Management Compensatory Plan)

                                   -15-
<PAGE>


         10.7       -          1994 Directors' Pension Arrangement -
                               incorporated by reference to Exhibit
                               10(iii)(A)-#10 to Registrant's Annual Report on
                               Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 1994
                               (Management Compensatory Plan)

         10.8       -          2000 Key Employees' Stock Option Plan, as amended
                               - incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to
                               Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
                               fiscal year ended June 30, 2002 (Management
                               Compensatory Plan)

         10.9       -          2001 Executive Incentive Compensation Plan -
                               incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to
                               Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
                               fiscal year ended June 30, 2001 (Management
                               Compensatory Plan)

         10.10      -          Change in Control Severance Plan for Corporate
                               Officers - incorporated by reference to Exhibit
                               10.3 to Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form
                               10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2001
                               (Management Compensatory Plan)

         10.11      -          Employees' Saving-Stock Option Plan -
                               incorporated by reference to Registrant's
                               Registration Statement No. 333-10281 on Form S-8
                               (Management Compensatory Plan)

         13         -          Pages 16 to 39 of the 2003 Annual Report to
                               Shareholders (with the exception of the pages
                               incorporated by reference herein, the Annual
                               Report is not a part of this filing)

         21         -          Subsidiaries of the Registrant

         23         -          Independent Auditors' Consent

         31.1       -          Certification by Arthur F. Weinbach pursuant to
                               Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of
                               1934

         31.2       -          Certification by Karen E. Dykstra pursuant to
                               Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of
                               1934

         32.1       -          Certification by Arthur F. Weinbach pursuant to
                               18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to
                               Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

         32.2       -          Certification by Karen E. Dykstra pursuant to
                               18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to
                               Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

         (b) Reports on Form 8-K during the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2003

         A Form 8-K was filed on April 17, 2003 under Items 9 and 12 of Form
8-K, announcing the Registrant's financial results for the third fiscal quarter
ended March 31, 2003.

                                   -16-
<PAGE>

                    INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT ON SCHEDULE



To the Board of Directors
 and Shareholders of
Automatic Data Processing, Inc.
Roseland, New Jersey



We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Automatic Data
Processing, Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of June 30, 2003 and 2002,
and for each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 2003, and have
issued our report thereon dated July 28, 2003; such consolidated financial
statements and report are included in your 2003 Annual Report to Shareholders
and are incorporated herein by reference. Our audits also included the financial
statement schedule of Automatic Data Processing, Inc., listed in Item 15. This
financial statement schedule is the responsibility of the Company's management.
Our responsibility is to express an opinion based on our audits. In our opinion,
such financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the basic
consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly in all
material respects the information set forth therein.


/s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP
-------------------------
New York, New York
July 28, 2003

                                -17-

<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                           AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC.

                                                 AND SUBSIDIARIES

                                    SCHEDULE II - VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS

                                                   (In thousands)



Column A                            Column B                   Column C                Column D            Column E
--------                            --------                   --------                --------           ---------

                                                              Additions
                                                    ------------------------------
<S>                                 <C>             <C>                <C>            <C>                 <C>
                                                         (1)             (2)
                                                                       Charged
                                                                       to
                                    Balance at       Charged to        other                              Balance at
                                    beginning        costs and         accounts-       Deductions-        end of
                                    of period        expenses          describe        describe           period
                                    ---------        ---------         ---------       ----------         ----------

Year ended June 30, 2003:
Allowance for doubtful accounts:
  Current                           $52,873          $17,588           $  712 (B)      $(16,519) (A)      $54,654

  Long-term                         $16,019          $ 1,534           $   --          $ (6,450) (A)      $11,103

Deferred tax valuation allowance    $40,140          $ 5,318           $  899 (C)      $(14,137) (E)      $32,220


Year ended June 30, 2002:
Allowance for doubtful accounts:
  Current                           $41,996          $27,703          $   743 (B)      $(17,569) (A)      $52,873

  Long-term                         $16,666          $ 1,176          $    --          $ (1,823) (A)      $16,019

Deferred tax valuation allowance    $41,930          $ 3,179          $   313 (C)      $ (5,282) (D)      $40,140


Year ended June 30, 2001:
Allowance for doubtful accounts:
  Current                           $48,448          $16,431          $   114 (B)      $(22,997) (A)      $41,996

  Long-term                         $16,946          $ 1,369          $    --          $ (1,649) (A)      $16,666

Deferred tax valuation allowance    $43,700          $ 6,145          $  (165)(C)      $ (7,750) (D)      $41,930

</TABLE>

(A) Doubtful accounts written off, less recoveries on accounts previously
written off.
(B) Acquired in purchase transactions.
(C) Related to foreign exchange fluctuation.
(D) Related to the net deferred tax assets recorded in purchase accounting. The
recognition of this allowance is allocated to reduce the excess purchase price
over the net assets acquired.
(E) A portion of this allowance is related to the net deferred tax assets
recorded in purchase accounting, the recognition of which is allocated to reduce
the excess purchase price over the net assets acquired. The remaining portion
reduced the current year provision for income taxes.

                                -18-
<PAGE>


                                   SIGNATURES

         Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
    Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be
    signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                                                 AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC.
                                                          (Registrant)

    September 12, 2003                           By: /s/ Arthur F. Weinbach
                                                     ---------------------------
                                                         Arthur F. Weinbach
                                                         Chairman and
                                                         Chief Executive Officer


         Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
    this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
    Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

Signature                                                 Title                                 Date
---------                                                 -----                                 ----
<S>                                                  <C>                                <C>

/s/ Arthur F. Weinbach                               Chairman, Chief Executive          September 12, 2003
---------------------------------                    Officer and Director
   (Arthur F. Weinbach)                              (Principal Executive Officer)


/s/ Karen E. Dykstra                                 Chief Financial Officer            September 12, 2003
---------------------------------                    (Principal Financial Officer)
   (Karen E. Dykstra)


/s/ Gregory D. Brenneman                             Director                           September 12, 2003
---------------------------------
   (Gregory D. Brenneman)


/s/  Leslie A. Brun                                  Director                           September 12, 2003
---------------------------------
    (Leslie A. Brun)


/s/  Gary C. Butler                                  Director                           September 12, 2003
---------------------------------
    (Gary C. Butler)


/s/  Joseph A. Califano, Jr.                         Director                           September 12, 2003
---------------------------------
    (Joseph A. Califano, Jr.)


/s/ Leon G. Cooperman                                Director                           September 12, 2003
---------------------------------
   (Leon G. Cooperman)

                                -19-
<PAGE>


Signature                                                Title                                  Date
---------                                                -----                                  ----

/s/ Ann Dibble Jordan                                Director                           September 12, 2003
---------------------------------
   (Ann Dibble Jordan)


                                                     Director                           September __, 2003
---------------------------------
   (Harvey M. Krueger)


                                                     Director                           September __, 2003
---------------------------------
   (Frederic V. Malek)


/s/ Henry Taub                                       Director                           September 12, 2003
---------------------------------
   (Henry Taub)


/s/ Laurence A. Tisch                                Director                           September 12, 2003
---------------------------------
   (Laurence A. Tisch)


/s/ Josh S. Weston                                   Director                           September 12, 2003
---------------------------------
   (Josh S. Weston)

</TABLE>
                                -20-








</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
