<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K405
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>k68195e10-k405.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 10-K PURSUANT TO ITEM 405
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                 UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
                            ------------------------

                                   FORM 10-K

<Table>
<S>    <C>

[X]        ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
                     SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2001
  OR

[ ]      TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
                     SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

          FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM              TO

                  COMMISSION FILE NUMBER: 1-12928
</Table>

                            ------------------------

                            AGREE REALTY CORPORATION
             (EXACT NAME OF REGISTRANT AS SPECIFIED IN ITS CHARTER)

<Table>
<S>                                              <C>
                   MARYLAND                                        38-3148187
        (State or other jurisdiction of                         (I.R.S. Employer
        incorporation or organization)                         Identification No.)

          31850 NORTHWESTERN HIGHWAY                             (248) 737-4190
       FARMINGTON HILLS, MICHIGAN 48334                  (Registrant's telephone number,
   (Address of principal executive offices)                   including area code)
</Table>

                            ------------------------

SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OF THE ACT:

                              TITLE OF EACH CLASS
                                ---------------
                         Common Stock, $.0001 par value
                            NAME OF EACH EXCHANGE ON
                                WHICH REGISTERED
                            -----------------------
                            New York Stock Exchange

SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(g) OF THE ACT:
                                      NONE
                                (Title of Class)

                            ------------------------

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
Registrant was required to file such reports); and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes  X                No ____

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of Registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K.   X

Shares of common stock outstanding as of March 15, 2002: 4,446,031. The
aggregate market value of the Registrant's shares of common stock held by
non-affiliates on such date was approximately $82,384,954.

                      DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

<Table>
<Caption>
                          DOCUMENT                            INCORPORATED INTO FORM 10-K
                          --------                            ---------------------------
<S>                                                           <C>
Portions of the Registrant's Proxy Statement for its                   Part III
  Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 13, 2002           Items 10-13
</Table>

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<PAGE>
                                TABLE OF CONTENTS


                                     PART I

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                        PAGE
                                                                                       NUMBERS
                                                                                      ---------

<S>                                                                                      <C>
Item 1.           Business                                                                  3

Item 2.           Properties                                                                7

Item 3.           Legal Proceedings                                                        16

Item 4.           Submission of Matters to a Vote of
                    Security Holders                                                       16

                                     PART II

Item 5.           Market for Registrant's Common Equity
                    and Related Stockholder Matters                                        17

Item 6.           Selected Financial Data                                                  18

Item 7.           Management's Discussion and Analysis of
                    Financial Condition and Results of
                    Operations                                                             19

Item 7A           Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
                    About Market Risk                                                      24

Item 8.           Financial Statements and Supplementary Data                              25

Item 9.           Changes and Disagreements With Accountants
                    on Accounting and Financial Disclosure                                 25

                                    PART III

Item 10.          Directors and Executive Officers of the
                    Registrant                                                             25

Item 11.          Executive Compensation                                                   25

Item 12.          Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
                    Owners and Management                                                  26

Item 13.          Certain Relationships and Related Transactions                           26


                                     PART IV

Item 14.          Exhibits, Financial Statements, Schedules and
                    Reports on Form 8-K                                                    26

SIGNATURES                                                                                 29

</TABLE>




                                      -2-
<PAGE>

                                     PART 1


     This Form 10-K, together with other statements and information publicly
disseminated by the Company, contains certain forward-looking statements within
the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and
Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Such statements
are based on assumptions and expectations which may not be realized and are
inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, many of which cannot be predicted
with accuracy and some of which might not even be anticipated. Future events and
actual results, financial and otherwise, may differ materially from the results
discussed in the forward-looking statements. Risks and other factors that might
cause such a difference include, but are not limited to, the effect of economic
and market conditions; risks that the Company's acquisition and development
projects will fail to perform as expected; financing risks, such as the
inability to obtain debt or equity financing on favorable terms; the level and
volatility of interest rates; loss or bankruptcy of one or more of the Company's
major retail tenants; and failure of the Company's properties to generate
additional income to offset increases in operating expenses, as well as other
risks listed herein under "Item 1. Business" and from time to time in the
Company's reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission or otherwise
publicly disseminated by the Company.

         References herein to the "Company" include Agree Realty Corporation,
together with its wholly-owned subsidiaries and its majority owned partnership,
Agree Limited Partnership (the "Operating Partnership"), unless the context
otherwise requires.

ITEM 1.    BUSINESS

General

              The Company is a self-administered, self-managed real estate
investment trust (a"REIT") which develops, acquires, owns and operates
properties which are primarily leased to major national and regional retail
companies under net leases. As of December 31, 2001, the Company owned, either
directly or through interests in joint ventures, a portfolio of 47 properties
(the "Properties") located in 13 states and containing an aggregate of
approximately 3.6 million square feet of gross leasable area. During 2001 the
Company completed the development of two (2) free-standing Properties which
added 29,610 square feet of gross leasable area to the Company's operating
portfolio and cost approximately $7.3 million. The two (2) Properties are leased
to Walgreen Co. ("Walgreen"). The Properties consist of 14 neighborhood and
community shopping centers and 33 free-standing properties. The Company
independently owns 26 of the free-standing properties and owns the other seven
through joint ventures (the "Joint Venture Properties"). As of December 31,
2001, approximately 99% of gross leasable area in the portfolio was leased, and
approximately 95% of the Company's base rental income was attributable to
national and regional retailers. Such retailers include Kmart Corporation
("Kmart"), Borders, Inc. ("Borders") and Walgreen Co. which, as of December 31,
2001, collectively represented approximately 63% of the Company's base rental
income. See "Major Tenants." The Company developed all 14 of the shopping
centers and 29 of the 33 free-standing properties.



                                      -3-
<PAGE>



     The Company was formed in December 1993 to continue and expand the retail
property business founded in 1971 by its current Chairman of the Board of
Directors and President, Richard Agree. Since 1971, the Company and its
predecessors have specialized in building properties to suit for national and
regional retailers who have signed long-term net leases prior to commencement of
construction. The Company believes that this strategy provides it with a
predictable source of income from primarily national and regional retail tenants
in its existing properties and also provides opportunities for development of
additional properties at attractive returns on investment, without the lease-up
risks inherent in speculative development.

         The Company's headquarters are located at 31850 Northwestern Highway,
Farmington Hills, MI 48334 and its telephone number is (248) 737-4190.

Description of Business

Objectives

     The Company's primary objectives are (1) to realize steady and predictable
cash flows through the ownership of high quality properties leased primarily to
national and regional retailers, and (2) to maximize stockholder returns through
the development or acquisition of additional properties. The Company intends to
achieve these objectives by implementing the growth, operating and financial
strategies outlined below.

-    Developing or acquiring each property with the objective of holding it for
     long-term investment value.

-    Developing or acquiring properties in what the Company considers to be
     attractive long-term locations. Such locations typically have (1)
     convenient access to transportation arteries with traffic count that is
     higher than average for the local market; (2) concentrations of other
     retail properties; and (3) demographic characteristics which are attractive
     to the retail tenant which will lease the property.

-    Generally, purchasing land and beginning development of a property only
     upon the execution of a lease with a national or regional retailer on terms
     that provide a return on estimated cost which is attractive relative to the
     Company's cost of capital.

-    Directing all aspects of development, including construction, design,
     leasing and management. Property management and the majority of the leasing
     activities are handled directly by Company personnel. The Company believes
     that this approach to development and management enhances the ability of
     the Company to develop and maintain assets of high construction quality
     which are designed, leased and maintained to maximize long-term value and
     enables it to operate efficiently.

     The Company believes that the relationships established by its principals
with national and regional retailers as well as the financing relationships its
principals have developed with lenders provide it with opportunities not
generally available to its competitors, thereby providing the Company with an
advantage in achieving its objectives.




                                      -4-
<PAGE>


Major Tenants

         As of December 31, 2001, approximately 63% of the Company's gross
leasable area, including the Joint Venture Properties, was leased to Kmart,
Borders and Walgreen and approximately 63% of total annualized base rents was
attributable to these tenants. At December 31, 2001, Kmart occupied
approximately 38% of the Company's gross leasable area, including the Joint
Venture Properties, and accounted for approximately 24% of the annualized base
rent. At December 31, 2001, Borders occupied approximately 21% of the Company's
gross leasable area, including the Joint Venture Properties, and accounted for
approximately 22% of the annualized base rent. At December 31, 2001, Walgreen
occupied approximately 4% of the company's gross leasable area, including the
Joint Venture Properties, and accounted for approximately 17% of the annualized
base rent. No other tenant accounted for more than 10% of gross leasable area or
annualized base rent in 2001. The loss of any of these anchor tenants or the
inability of any of them to pay rent would have an adverse effect on the
Company's business.

         On January 22, 2002, Kmart Corporation and 37 of its U.S. subsidiaries
filed voluntary petitions for reorganization under chapter 11 of the U.S.
Bankruptcy Code. In its filings in the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Northern
District of Illinois, Kmart indicated that it will reorganize on a fast-track
basis and has targeted emergence from chapter 11 in 2003. Kmart has outlined
certain strategic, operational and financial initiatives that it intends to
continue or implement during the reorganization process. One of its initiatives
is to evaluate the performance of every store and terms of every lease in its
portfolio, with the objective of closing unprofitable or underperforming stores.

         The Company has entered into sixteen (16) leases with Kmart
Corporation. Thirteen (13) of the Kmart stores are anchors in the Company's
Community Shopping Centers and three (3) Kmart stores are free-standing
properties. The Kmart stores are located in five states as follows: Michigan
(9), Wisconsin (3), Florida (2), Ohio (1) and Kentucky (1). All sixteen (16) of
the Kmart stores are open and operating as Kmart discount stores.

         On March 8, 2002, Kmart announced that it intends to close 284
under-performing stores as part of its initial Chapter 11 financial objectives
review. None of the Company's Kmart stores were included in this initial list of
stores to be closed. However, there can be no assurance that Kmart won't
announce additional store closings in the future which may include some of the
Company's stores.

Financing Strategy

     As of December 31, 2001, the Company's ratio of indebtedness to market
capitalization was approximately 53%. The Company intends to maintain a ratio of
total debt (including construction and acquisition financing) to market
capitalization of 65% or less. The Company plans to begin construction of
additional pre-leased developments and may acquire additional properties that
will initially be financed by its Credit Facility and Line of Credit (each as
hereinafter defined). Management intends to periodically refinance short-term
construction and acquisition financing with long-term debt and / or equity in
order to reduce its ratio of total debt to market capitalization to 50% or less.
Nevertheless, the Company may operate with debt levels or ratios that






                                      -5-
<PAGE>


are in excess of 50% for extended periods of time prior to the completion of
this long-term financing process.

     The Company may from time to time re-evaluate its borrowing policies in
light of then current economic conditions, relative costs of debt and equity
capital, market value of properties, growth and acquisition opportunities and
other factors. There is no contractual limit on the Company's ratio of debt to
total market capitalization and, accordingly, the Company may modify its
borrowing policy and may increase or decrease its ratio of debt to market
capitalization without stockholder approval.

Tax Status

     The Company has operated and intends to operate in a manner to qualify as a
REIT under Sections 856 through 860 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended (the "Code"). In order to maintain qualification as a REIT, the Company
must, among other things, distribute at least 90% of its real estate investment
trust income and meet certain other asset and income tests. Additionally, the
Company's charter limits ownership of the Company, directly or constructively,
by any single person to 9.8% of the total number of outstanding shares, subject
to certain exceptions. As a REIT, the Company is not subject to federal income
tax with respect to that portion of its income that meets certain criteria and
is distributed annually to the stockholders.

Competition

     The Company faces competition in seeking properties for acquisition and
tenants who will lease space in these properties from insurance companies,
credit companies, pension funds, private individuals, investment companies and
other REITs, many of which have greater financial and other resources than the
Company. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully
compete with such entities in its development, acquisition and leasing
activities in the future.

Potential Environmental Risks

     Investments in real property create a potential for environmental liability
on the part of the owner or operator of such real property. If hazardous
substances are discovered on or emanating from a property, the owner or operator
of the property (including the Company) may be held strictly liable for all
costs and liabilities relating to such hazardous substances. The Company has had
a Phase I environmental study (which involves inspection without soil sampling
or ground water analysis) conducted on each Property by independent
environmental consultants. Furthermore, the Company has adopted a policy of
conducting a Phase I environmental study on each property it acquires and if
necessary conducting additional investigation as warranted.

     The Company conducted a Phase I environmental study on each of the two
Properties it developed in 2001. The results of these Phase I studies required
the Company to perform a Phase II environmental study (which involves soil
sampling or ground water analysis). The results of the Phase II environmental
study conducted on these two Properties indicated that no further action was
required by the Company. In addition, the Company has no knowledge of any
hazardous substances existing on any of its Properties in violation of any
applicable laws;







                                      -6-
<PAGE>

however, no assurance can be given that such substances are not located on any
of the Properties. The Company carries no insurance coverage for the types of
environmental risks described above.

     The Company believes that it is in compliance, in all material respects,
with all federal, state and local ordinances and regulations regarding hazardous
or toxic substances. The Company has not been notified by any governmental
authority of any noncompliance, liability or other claim in connection with any
of the Properties.

Employees

     As of March 15, 2002, the Company employed seven persons. Employee
responsibilities include accounting, construction, leasing, property
coordination and administrative functions for the Properties. The Company's
employees are not covered by a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company
considers its employee relations to be satisfactory.

Financial Information About Industry Segments

         The Company is in the business of development, acquisition and
management of shopping centers and free-standing properties. The Company
considers its activities to consist of a single industry segment. See the
Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto included in Item 8 of this
Annual Report on Form 10-K for certain information required in Item 1.


ITEM 2.  PROPERTIES

     The Properties consist of 14 neighborhood and community shopping centers
and 33 free-standing properties. As of December 31, 2001, approximately 99% of
the Gross Leasable Area ("GLA") in the portfolio was leased, and approximately
95% of the Company's base rental income was attributable to, national and
regional retailers. Such retailers include Kmart, Borders, and Walgreen which,
at December 31, 2001, collectively represented approximately 63% of current base
rental income.

     A substantial portion of the Company's income consists of rent received
under net leases. Most of the leases provide for the payment of fixed base
rentals monthly in advance and for the payment by tenants of a pro rata share of
the real estate taxes, insurance, utilities and common area maintenance of the
shopping center as well as payment to the Company of a percentage of such
tenant's sales. The Company received percentage rents of $413,058 and $301,474
for 2001 and 2000, respectively. Included in those amounts were percentage rents
from Kmart of $235,894 and $190,720 for 2001 and 2000, respectively. Leases with
Borders do not contain percentage rent provisions. Leases with Walgreen do
contain percentage rent provisions, however no percentage rent was received from
Walgreen. A majority of the leases require the Company to make roof and
structural repairs, as needed. The Company's management places a strong emphasis
on sound construction and maintenance on its properties.




                                      -7-
<PAGE>

                 LOCATION OF PROPERTIES IN THE PORTFOLIO

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                   Total Gross        Percent of
                  Number of        Leasable Area     GLA Leased on
     State        Properties       (Sq. feet)        December 31, 2001
    ---------  ----------------    ------------     ------------------

<S>            <C>                <C>               <C>
   California         1               38,015              100%
   Florida            5 (1)          492,305               99
   Indiana            1 (1)           15,844              100
   Illinois           1               20,000              100
   Kansas             2               45,000              100

   Kentucky           1              135,009               99
   Maryland           2               53,000              100
   Michigan          22 (1)        1,933,647               99
   Nebraska           2 (1)           55,000              100
   Ohio               2              108,543              100

   Oklahoma           4 (1)           99,282              100
   Pennsylvania       1               37,004              100
   Wisconsin          3              523,036              100
                   -------       -----------        ---------


     Total/Average   47            3,555,685               99%
                   -------       -----------        ---------
</TABLE>


(1)  Includes Joint Venture Properties in which the Company owns interests
     ranging from 8% to 20%.


                ANNUALIZED BASE RENT OF THE COMPANY'S PROPERTIES

         The following is a breakdown of base rents in place at December 31,
2001 for each type of retail tenant:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                         Percent of
                            Annualized                   Annualized
      Type of Tenant        Base Rent (1)                 Base Rent
      --------------        -------------               -------------

<S>                        <C>                          <C>
   National (2)             $19,765,879                     86%
   Regional (3)               2,021,817                      9
   Local                      1,135,557                      5
                            -----------                    ---

     Total                  $22,923,253                    100%
                            -----------                    ---
</TABLE>


(1) Includes the Company's share of annualized base rent for each of the Joint
Venture Properties.

(2) Includes the following national tenants: Kmart, Borders, Walgreen, Fashion
Bug, Winn Dixie, Rite Aid, JC Penney, Avco Financial, GNC Group, Radio Shack, On
Cue, Super Value, Maurices, Payless Shoes, Food Lion, Blockbuster Video, Family
Dollar, H&R Block, Sally Beauty, Jo Ann Fabrics, Staples, Best Buy, Dollar Tree,
A&P, TGI Friday's, Circuit City and Pier 1 Imports.

(3) Includes the following regional tenants: Roundy's, Dunham's Sports, Brauns
Fashions, Beal's Outlet Stores and Hollywood Video.





                                      -8-
<PAGE>


COMMUNITY SHOPPING CENTERS

Fourteen of the Company's properties are community shopping centers ranging in
size from 20,000 to 241,458 square feet of gross leasable area. The centers are
located in 5 states as follows: Florida (2), Illinois (1), Kentucky (1),
Michigan (7) and Wisconsin (3). The location, general character and primary
occupancy information with respect to the community shopping centers at December
31, 2001 are set forth below:



SUMMARY OF COMMUNITY SHOPPING CENTERS AT DECEMBER 31, 2001

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                    (2)         (3)
                                           (4)       Gross           (1)          Average     Percent       Percent
                              Year         Land     Leasable      Annualized       Base      Leased at     Occupied
                           Completed/      Area       Area           Base        Rent per     Dec 31,     at Dec 31,
Property Location           Expanded     (acres)   (Sq. Ft.)         Rent         Sq. Ft.      2001          2001
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<S>                         <C>          <C>      <C>             <C>           <C>          <C>          <C>
Capital Plaza               1978/         11.58     135,009        $375,568      $   2.82       99%            74%
  Frankfort, KY             1991


Charlevoix Commons          1991          14.79     137,375         658,495          4.97       96%            96%
  Charlevoix, MI

Chippewa Commons            1991          16.37     168,311         912,191          5.42      100%           100%
  Chippewa Falls, WI


Iron Mountain Plaza         1991          21.20     176,352         833,023          4.92       96%            96%
  Iron Mountain, MI


Ironwood Commons            1991          23.92     185,535         945,234          5.09      100%            88%
  Ironwood, MI



Marshall Plaza              1990          10.74     119,279         649,331          5.44      100%           100%
  Marshall, MI

</TABLE>

                                   Anchor Tenants
                                 (Lease expiration/
                                 Option expiration)
---------------------------------------------------------

Capital Plaza                 Kmart (2003/2053)
  Frankfort, KY               Winn Dixie (2010/2035)
                              Fashion Bug (2005/2025)

Charlevoix Commons            Kmart (2015/2065)
  Charlevoix, MI              Roundy's  (2011/2031)

Chippewa Commons              Kmart (2014/2064)
  Chippewa Falls, WI          Roundy's  (2011/2031)
                              Fashion Bug (2006/2021)

Iron Mountain Plaza           Kmart (2015/2065)
  Iron Mountain, MI           Roundy's (2011/2031)
                              Fashion Bug (2007/2022)

Ironwood Commons              Kmart (2015/2065)
  Ironwood, MI                Super Value (2011/2036)
                              J.C. Penney Co. (2006/2026)
                              Fashion Bug (2004/2022)

Marshall Plaza                Kmart (2015/2065)
  Marshall, MI                Fashion Bug (2004/2022)



                                      -9-
<PAGE>




SUMMARY OF COMMUNITY SHOPPING CENTERS AT DECEMBER 31, 2001 (CONTINUED)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                             (2)         (3)
                                                (4)         Gross             (1)          Average     Percent       Percent
                                   Year         Land       Leasable        Annualized       Base      Leased at     Occupied
                                Completed/      Area         Area             Base        Rent per     Dec 31,     at Dec 31,
Property Location                Expanded     (acres)     (Sq. Ft.)           Rent         Sq. Ft.      2001          2001
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<S>                            <C>           <C>         <C>             <C>             <C>          <C>           <C>
Mt Pleasant Shopping              1973/        24.51       241,458        $1,057,824      $   4.38      100%           100%
  Center                          1997
    Mt. Pleasant, MI


North Lakeland Plaza              1987         16.67       171,334         1,264,746          7.38      100%           100%
  Lakeland, FL


Petoskey Town Center              1990         22.08       174,870         1,009,942          5.90       98%            98%
  Petoskey, MI


Plymouth Commons                  1990         16.30       162,031           971,849          6.00      100%           100%
  Plymouth, WI


Rapids Associates                 1990         16.84       173,557           998,327          5.75      100%           100%
  Big Rapids, MI


Shawano Plaza                     1990         17.91       192,694         1,012,542          5.25      100%           100%
  Shawano, WI



West Frankfort Plaza              1982          1.45        20,000           131,000          6.55      100%           100%
  West Frankfort, IL

<CAPTION>

                                        Anchor Tenants
                                      (Lease expiration/
Property Location                     Option expiration)
-----------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                <C>
Mt Pleasant Shopping               Kmart (2008/2048)
  Center                           J.C. Penney Co. (2005/2020)
    Mt. Pleasant, MI               Staples, Inc. (2005/2025)
                                   Fashion Bug (2006/2026)

North Lakeland Plaza               Kmart (2011/2061)
  Lakeland, FL                     Best Buy (2013/2028)


Petoskey Town Center               Kmart (2015/2065)
  Petoskey, MI                     Roundy's  (2010/2030)
                                   Fashion Bug (2007/2022)

Plymouth Commons                   Kmart (2015/2065)
  Plymouth, WI                     Roundy's  (2010/2030)
                                   Fashion Bug (2004/2021)

Rapids Associates                  Kmart (2015/2065)
  Big Rapids, MI                   Roundy's  (2010/2030)
                                   Fashion Bug (2004/2021)

Shawano Plaza                      Kmart (2014/2064)
  Shawano, WI                      Roundy's  (2010/2030)
                                   J.C. Penney Co. (2005/2025)
                                   Fashion Bug (2004/2021)

West Frankfort Plaza               Fashion Bug (2007)
  West Frankfort, IL

</TABLE>

                                      -10-
<PAGE>





SUMMARY OF COMMUNITY SHOPPING CENTERS AT DECEMBER 31, 2001 (CONTINUED)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                              (2)         (3)
                                                (4)          Gross             (1)          Average     Percent       Percent
                                   Year         Land       Leasable         Annualized        Base     Leased at     Occupied
                                Completed/      Area         Area              Base         Rent per     Dec 31,    at Dec 31,
Property Location                Expanded     (acres)      (Sq. Ft.)           Rent         Sq. Ft.       2001         2001
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<S>                            <C>           <C>          <C>             <C>              <C>          <C>         <C>
Winter Garden Plaza                1988/       22.34       233,512         $ 1,082,927      $ 4.76       97%           97%
  Winter Garden, FL                2000

                                             -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
     TOTAL/AVERAGE                             236.70    2,291,317        $ 11,902,999      $ 5.25       99%            97%
                                             =============================================================================

<CAPTION>

                               Anchor Tenants
                             (Lease expiration/
Property Location            Option expiration)
----------------------------------------------------
<S>                        <C>
Winter Garden Plaza        Kmart (2013/2063)
  Winter Garden, FL        Kash N Karry (2020/2040)

</TABLE>

  (1)  Total annualized base rents of the Company as of December 31, 2001

  (2) Calculated as total annualized base rents, divided by gross leasable area
actually leased as of December 31, 2001

  (3) Roundy's has sub-leased the space it leases at Iron Mountain Plaza (35,285
square feet, rented at a rate of $5.87 per square foot) and Charlevoix Commons
(35,896 square feet, rented at a rate of $5.97 per square foot). Both of these
leases expire in 2011 (assuming they are not extended by Roundy's). Winn Dixie
leases but does not currently occupy, the 33,617 square feet it leases at
Capital Plaza. This lease expires in 2010 and is rented at a rate of $4.06 per
square foot. JC Penney Co leases but does not currently occupy, the 22,204
square feet it leases at Ironwood Commons. This lease expires in 2006 and rented
a a rate of $3.75 per square foot.

  (4) All community shopping centers except Capital Plaza (which is subject to a
long-term ground lease expiring in 2053 from a third party) are wholly-owned by
the Company.



                                      -11-
<PAGE>



FREE-STANDING PROPERTIES

     Thirty-three (33) of the Properties are free-standing properties net leased
to A&P (1), Borders (18), Circuit City Stores (1), Kmart (3) and Walgreen (10),
which Properties contain, in the aggregate, approximately 1,264,368 square feet
of gross leasable area or approximately 36% of the Company's total gross
leasable area. The free-standing properties range in size from 13,686 to 226,000
square feet of gross leasable area and are located in the following states:
California (1), Florida (3), Indiana (1), Kansas (2), Maryland (2), Michigan
(15), Nebraska (2), Ohio (2), Oklahoma (4) and Pennsylvania (1). Included in the
Company's retail Properties are seven Joint Venture Properties in which the
Company owns interests ranging from 8% to 20% and 26 wholly-owned Properties.
The Company's 26 wholly owned free-standing Properties provide $10,325,935 of
annualized base rent at an average base rent per square foot of $12.70 during
the 12 months ended December 31, 2001. The Company (or the joint ventures in
which the Company has an interest) owns each of the thirty-three (33)
free-standing properties in fee, except as indicated below. The location and
general occupancy information with respect to the wholly-owned free-standing
properties are set forth in the following table:

                      WHOLLY-OWNED FREE STANDING PROPERTIES


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                      Year                         Lease expiration (2)
Tenant/Location                     Completed        Total GLA     (Option expiration)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<S>                                <C>              <C>            <C>
A&P, Roseville, MI                     1977           104,000       May 21, 2002 (2022)

Borders, (1)
  Aventura, FL                         1996            30,000       Jan 31, 2016 (2036)
Borders, Columbus, OH                  1996            21,000       Jan 23, 2016 (2036)
Borders,
  Monroeville, PA                      1996            37,004       Nov 8, 2016 (2036)
Borders, Norman, OK                    1996            24,641       Sep 20, 2016 (2036)
Borders, Omaha, NE                     1995            30,000       Nov 3, 2015 (2035)
Borders,
 Santa Barbara, CA                     1995            38,015       Nov 17, 2015 (2035)
Borders, Wichita, KS                   1995            25,000       Nov 10, 2015 (2035)
Borders, (1)
   Lawrence, KS                        1997            20,000       Oct 16, 2022 (2042)
Borders, Tulsa, OK                     1998            25,000       Oct 16, 2022 (2042)

Borders, Columbia, MD                  1999            28,000       Oct 16, 2022 (2042)
Borders, Germantown, MD                2000            25,000       Oct 16, 2022 (2042)

Circuit City Stores
   Boynton Beach, FL                   1996            32,459       Dec 15, 2016 (2036)

Kmart, Grayling, MI                    1984            52,320       Sep 30, 2009 (2059)
Kmart, Oscoda, MI                      1984            90,470       Sep 30, 2009 (2059)
Kmart, Perrysburg, OH                  1983            87,543       Oct 31, 2008 (2058)

Walgreen, Waterford, MI                1997            13,905       Feb 28, 2018 (2058)
Walgreen, Chesterfield, MI             1998            13,686       July 31, 2018 (2058)
Walgreen, Pontiac, MI                  1998            13,905       Oct 31, 2018 (2058)
Walgreen, Grand Blanc, MI              1998            13,905       Feb 28, 2019 (2059)
Walgreen, Rochester, MI                1998            13,905       June 30, 2019 (2059)

</TABLE>





                                      -12-
<PAGE>


                      WHOLLY-OWNED FREE STANDING PROPERTIES
                                   (CONTINUED)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                      Year                        Lease expiration (2)
Tenant/Location                    Completed      Total GLA       (Option expiration)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<S>                               <C>            <C>              <C>
Walgreen, Ypsilanti, MI               1999         15,120          Dec 31, 2019 (2059)
Walgreen (1), Petoskey, MI            2000         13,905          Apr 30, 2020 (2060)
Walgreen, Flint, MI                   2000         14,490          Dec 31, 2020 (2060)
Walgreen, Flint, MI                   2001         15,120          Feb 28, 2021 (2061)
Walgreen, N Baltimore, MI             2001         14,490          Aug 31, 2021 (2061)
                                                  -------
       TOTAL                                      812,883
                                                  -------

</TABLE>


(1)     These properties are subject to long-term ground leases where a third
        party owns the underlying land and has leased the land to the Company to
        construct or operate three free-standing properties. The Company pays
        rent for the use of the land and generally is responsible for all costs
        and expenses associated with the building and improvements. At the end
        of the lease terms, as extended (Aventura, FL 2036, Lawrence, KS 2027
        and Petoskey, MI 2049), the land together with all improvements revert
        to the land owner. The Company has an option to purchase the Lawrence
        property during the period October 1, 2006 to September 30, 2016 and to
        purchase the Petoskey property after August 7, 2019.

(2)     At the expiration of tenant's initial lease term, each tenant has an
        option, subject to certain requirements, to extend its lease for an
        additional period of time.


JOINT VENTURE PROPERTIES

     During 1996, the Company developed or acquired seven free-standing
Properties which are leased to Borders, including Borders' current corporate
headquarters, its former headquarters building and Properties operated as
Borders Books and Music. Each of these Properties is owned by a separate limited
liability company or a limited partnership that is owned jointly by the Company
and an affiliate of Borders (the "Joint Ventures"). The Company's economic
interest in the Joint Ventures ranges from 8% to 20%. The financing for the
development of the Joint Venture Properties was provided through a financing
facility established by Borders and its affiliates (the "Borders Financing
Facility").

     The leases on the seven properties between Borders and each of the Joint
Ventures has a term expiring October 16, 2002, unless the Borders Financing
Facility is extended or earlier terminated. At any time during the term of the
lease, Borders has the right to refinance the Properties or to purchase the
Properties for various percentages of total project costs, provided that, prior
to such refinancing or purchase, the Company may elect to provide alternative
financing for the Properties or purchase the Properties and purchase the
interest of the Borders' affiliate in the Joint Venture. In the event the
Company elects to provide financing or to purchase the Properties, and is
subsequently unable to obtain the requisite financing, or in the event that the
Company defaults in its development obligations to the Joint








                                      -13-
<PAGE>

Venture, Borders may purchase the Properties. If the Company provides
refinancing or purchases the Properties, the Company will be required to
acquire the interest of the Borders' affiliate in the Joint Ventures, and
Borders and the Joint Ventures will enter into a new lease providing for a term
of 20 years, with four five-year extension options.

     Under certain circumstances, the Company may elect to allow Borders to
place long-term financing on such Properties, in which case, the Company will
maintain its current interest in the Joint Venture and become the sole equity
member of the entity which owns such Property. In such a circumstance, the
Company will own the Property subject to a first mortgage loan which could
exceed 90% of the Property's estimated value, and lease payments received by the
Company would be adjusted to reflect Borders' financing.

     The Company's investment in the seven Joint Venture Properties currently
yields approximately $690,000 annualized base rent. Of this amount, the Company
estimates that approximately $125,000 is variable based on short-term financing.
Under certain circumstances relating to refinancing of such assets, the rents
paid pursuant to such leases are subject to adjustment. The following table
provides additional information on the Joint Venture Properties.


                            JOINT VENTURE PROPERTIES
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                       The Company's
Tenant / Location        Interest        Total GLA    Lease Expirations
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                    <C>              <C>          <C>
Borders, Inc.
  Ann Arbor, MI            11%            110,000     October 16, 2002
Borders, Inc.
  Ann Arbor, MI             8%            226,000     October 16, 2002
Borders, Inc.
  Boynton Beach, FL        12%             25,000     October 16, 2002
Borders, Inc.
  Indianapolis, IN          8%             15,844     October 16, 2002
Borders, Inc.
  Oklahoma City, OK        20%             24,641     October 16, 2002
Borders, Inc.
  Omaha, NE                18%             25,000     October 16, 2002
Borders, Inc.
  Tulsa, OK                15%             25,000     October 16, 2002
                                          -------

         Total                            451,485
                                          -------
</TABLE>





                                      -14-
<PAGE>





MAJOR TENANTS


     The following table sets forth certain information with respect to the
Company's major tenants:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                    Annualized Base        Percent of Total
                       Number         Rent as of       Annualized Base Rent as
                      of Leases    December 31, 2001     of December 31, 2001
                      --------------------------------------------------------

<S>                   <C>         <C>                  <C>
Kmart                    16          $ 5,492,667                24%
Borders                  18            5,150,680 (1)            22
Walgreen                 11            3,853,724                17
                       -------------------------------------------

     Total               45          $14,497,071               63%
                       -------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


      (1) Includes the Company's percentage of base rent for each of the Joint
Venture Properties

     Sixteen of the Properties are anchored by Kmart, a publicly-traded retailer
with over 2,100 stores. Kmart's principal business is general merchandise
retailing through a chain of department stores and it is one of the world's
largest retailers based on sales volume. The Company derived approximately 24%
of its base rental income for the year ended December 31, 2001 from, and
approximately 24% of the Company's future minimum rentals are attributable to,
Kmart. On January 22, 2002 Kmart Corporation and 37 of its U.S. subsidiaries
filed voluntary petitions for reorganization under chapter 11 of the U.S.
Bankruptcy Code. In its filings in the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Northern
District of Illinois, Kmart indicated that it will reorganize on a fast-track
basis and has targeted emergence from chapter 11 in 2003.

     Borders Group, Inc. ("BGI"), is a leading global retailer of books, music,
video and other information and entertainment items. BGI is the parent company
of Borders, Inc., which operates over 360 Borders domestic superstores, 22
international Borders stores and 36 Books etc. locations. In addition, BGI owns
Walden Book Company, Inc., which has approximately 850 Waldenbooks stores in
malls, shopping centers and airports across the country. The Company derived
approximately 22% of its base rental income for the year ended December 31, 2001
from, and approximately 28% of the Company's future minimum rentals are
attributable to, Borders.

         Walgreen is a leader of the U.S. chain drugstore industry and operates
over 3,600 stores in 43 states and Puerto Rico. The Company derived
approximately 17% of its base rental income for the year ended December 31, 2001
from, and approximately 26% of the Company's future minimum rentals are
attributable to, Walgreen.







                                      -15-
<PAGE>




LEASE EXPIRATIONS

     The following table shows lease expirations for the next 10 years for the
Company's community shopping centers and wholly-owned free-standing properties,
assuming that none of the tenants exercise's renewal options.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                    December 31, 2001
                                    -----------------
                       Gross Lesable Area      Annualized Base Rent
             Number    ------------------      --------------------
Expiration   of Leases  Square    Percent                 Percent
   Year      Expiring   Footage   of Total     Amount     of Total
------------------------------------------------------------------

<S>          <C>       <C>       <C>        <C>          <C>
2002           16       246,359     7.94%    $1,595,573      7.18%

2003           23       187,592     6.04        951,752      4.28

2004           14        69,100     2.23        536,250      2.41

2005           24       190,217     6.13      1,155,787      5.20

2006           29       165,889     5.34      1,263,236      5.68

2007            8        47,570     1.53        314,420      1.41

2008            3       169,942     5.47        555,935      2.50

2009            2       142,790     4.60        542,414      2.44

2010            5       206,735     6.66      1,176,729      5.29

2011            9       316,718    10.21      1,724,096      7.77
              ---------------------------------------------------

Total         133     1,742,912    56.15%    $9,816,192     44.16%
              ---------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>



     Leases on the seven Joint Venture Properties are for an initial term
through October 16, 2002. In the event a refinancing of any of these Properties
is consummated, Borders is required to enter into a twenty year net lease with a
fixed lease rate.


ITEM 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS


     The Company is not presently involved in any litigation nor, to
management's knowledge, is any litigation threatened against the Company, except
for routine litigation arising in the ordinary course of business which is
expected to be covered by the Company's liability insurance.


ITEM 4.  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS


     No matter was submitted to a vote of security holders during the fourth
quarter of 2001.




                                      -16-
<PAGE>



                                    PART II

ITEM 5.  MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER
           MATTERS

     The Company's Common Stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under
the symbol "ADC". The following table sets forth the high and low sales prices
of the Company's Common Stock, as reported on the New York Stock Exchange
Composite Tape, and the dividends declared per share of Common Stock by the
Company for each calendar quarter in the last two fiscal years. Dividends were
paid in the periods immediately subsequent to the periods in which such
dividends were declared.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                            Dividends per
Market Information                          High               Low           Common Share
------------------                          ----               ---           ------------

<S>                                      <C>                <C>             <C>
Quarter Ended
  March 31, 2000                           $14.375           $13.063            $0.46
  June 30, 2000                            $16.937           $12.875            $0.46
  September 30, 2000                       $17.375           $13.750            $0.46
  December 31, 2000                        $15.063           $13.625            $0.46

  March 31, 2001                            $17.50            $14.12            $0.46
  June 30, 2001                             $20.05            $16.20            $0.46
  September 30, 2001                        $20.60            $17.15            $0.46
  December 31, 2001                         $19.75            $17.85            $0.46

</TABLE>


     At December 31, 2001, there were 4,416,869 shares of the Company's Common
Stock issued and outstanding which were held by approximately 250 stockholders
of record. The stockholders of record do not reflect persons or entities who
held their shares in nominee or "street" name.

     The Company intends to continue to declare quarterly dividends to its
stockholders. However, distributions by the Company are determined by the Board
of Directors and will depend on a number of factors, including the amount of
funds from operations, the financial and other condition of its Properties, its
capital requirements, the annual distribution requirements under the provisions
of the Code applicable to REITs and such other factors as the Board of Directors
deems relevant.

     During the year ended December 31, 2001, there were no sales of
unregistered securities by the Company, except the grant, under the Company's
1994 Stock Incentive Plan (the "Plan"), of 27,291 shares of restricted stock to
certain employees of the Company. The transfer restrictions on such shares lapse
in equal annual installments over a five-year period from the date of the grant,
but the holder thereof is entitled to receive dividends on all such shares from
the date of the grant. On January 1, 2001 the Company redeemed 5,091 shares of
restricted stock previously issued under the Plan.



                                      -17-

<PAGE>
ITEM 6.        SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

         The following table sets forth selected financial information for the
Company on a historical basis and should be read in conjunction with
"Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations" and all of the financial statements and notes thereto included
elsewhere in this Form 10-K. The balance sheet data for the periods ended
December 31, 1997 through December 31, 2001 and operating data for each of the
periods presented were derived from the audited financial statements of the
Company.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                (In thousands, except per share information)



                                                    Year            Year             Year             Year             Year
                                                   Ended            Ended            Ended            Ended            Ended
                                                  Dec 31,          Dec 31,          Dec 31,          Dec 31,          Dec 31,
Operating Data                                      2001            2000             1999             1998             1997
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                              <C>              <C>              <C>              <C>              <C>
Total Revenue                                    $  24,679        $  23,730        $  21,931        $  19,674        $  18,234
                                               --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Expenses
  Property expense (1)                               3,925            3,775            3,512            3,050            2,785
  General and administrative                         1,807            1,557            1,425            1,170            1,107
  Interest                                           6,720            7,045            5,771            5,231            5,552
  Depreciation and amortization                      3,845            3,689            3,436            3,073            2,782
                                               --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
        Total Expenses                              16,297           16,066           14,144           12,524           12,226
                                               --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Other Income (Expense) (2)                             913              522               69              168              155
                                               --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income  before extraordinary
  item and minority interest                         9,295            8,186            7,856            7,318            6,163
Extraordinary Item - Early
  Extinguishment of Debt                                 -                -                -             (319)               -
                                               --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income  before Minority Interest                     9,295            8,186            7,856            6,999            6,163
Minority Interest                                    1,230            1,088            1,050              912              943
                                               --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net Income                                       $   8,065        $   7,098        $   6,806        $   6,087        $   5,220
                                               ================================================================================

Funds from Operations (3)                        $  13,158        $  12,257        $  12,093        $  11,055        $   9,581
                                               ================================================================================
Number of Properties                                    47               45               42               39               34
                                               ================================================================================
Number of Square Feet                                3,556            3,526            3,468            3,411            3,103
                                               ================================================================================
Per Share Data
-----------------------------------------------
Net income (4)                                   $    1.83        $    1.61        $    1.56        $    1.40        $    1.41
                                               ================================================================================
Cash dividends                                   $    1.84        $    1.84        $    1.84        $    1.84        $    1.82
                                               ================================================================================
Weighted average of common
  shares outstanding                                 4,417            4,396            4,365            4,346            3,695
                                               ================================================================================

Balance Sheet Data
Real Estate
  (before accumulated depreciation)              $ 196,486        $ 191,048        $ 179,858        $ 166,921        $ 142,748
Total Assets                                     $ 167,511        $ 166,052        $ 158,196        $ 149,648        $ 130,492
Total debt, including accrued interest           $ 105,946        $ 104,407        $  95,762        $  85,650        $  65,419
</TABLE>

-----------------------------------------------

    (1)  Property expense includes real estate taxes, property maintenance,
         insurance, utilities and land lease expense.

    (2)  Other income (expense) is composed of development fee income, gain on
         land sales, and equity in net income (loss) of unconsolidated entities.

    (3)  See "Funds From Operations" discussed under Item 7

    (4)  Net income per share has been computed by dividing the net income by
         the weighted average number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. The
         per share amounts shown are presented in accordance with SFAS No. 128
         "Earnings per Share". The Company's basic and diluted earnings per
         share are the same




                                      -18-
<PAGE>
ITEM 7.        MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
               CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

OVERVIEW

         The Company was established to continue to operate and expand the
retail property business of its predecessors. The Company commenced its
operations in April 1994. The assets of the Company are held by, and all
operations are conducted through, Agree Limited Partnership (the "Operating
Partnership"), of which the Company is the sole general partner and held an
86.77% interest as of December 31, 2001. The Company is operating so as to
qualify as a real estate investment trust ("REIT") for federal income tax
purposes.

         The Company has entered into sixteen (16) leases with Kmart
Corporation. Thirteen (13) of the Kmart stores are anchors in the Company's
Community Shopping Centers and three (3) Kmart stores are free-standing
properties. Kmart Corporation and 37 of its U.S. subsidiaries have filed
voluntary petitions for reorganization under chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy
Code. Kmart has outlined certain strategic, operational and financial
initiatives that it intends to continue or implement during the reorganization
process. One of its initiatives is to evaluate the performance of every store
and terms of every lease in its portfolio, with the objective of closing
unprofitable or underperforming stores.

         The Kmart stores in the Company's Portfolio provide 24% of the
Company's Annual Base Rent as of December 31, 2001. Seven of the Kmart stores
pay percentage rent in addition to their minimum rent. All Kmart stores in the
Company's Portfolio are open and operating as Kmart discount stores.

         On March 8, 2002, Kmart announced that it intends to close 284
under-performing stores as part of its initial Chapter 11 financial objectives
review. None of the Company's Kmart stores were included in this initial list of
stores to be closed. However, there can be no assurance that Kmart won't
announce additional store closings in the future which may include some of the
Company's stores.

         The following should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated
Financial Statements of Agree Realty Corporation, including the respective notes
thereto, which are included elsewhere in this Form 10-K.

COMPARISON OF YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2001 TO YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000

         Minimum rental income increased $858,000, or 4%, to $21,722,000 in
2001, compared to $20,864,000 in 2000. The increase was primarily the result of
the development of three Properties in 2000 and two Properties in 2001.

         Percentage rental income increased $112,000, or 37%, to $413,000 in
2001, compared to $301,000 in 2000. The increase was the result of increased
tenant sales.



                                      -19-
<PAGE>

         Operating cost reimbursement, which represents additional rent required
by substantially all of the Company's leases to cover the tenants' proportionate
share of property operating expenses, decreased $19,000, or 1%, to $2,503,000 in
2001, compared to $2,522,000 in 2000. Operating cost reimbursement decreased due
to the decrease in the reimbursable property operating expenses.

         Management fees and other income decreased $2,000, or 5%, to $41,000 in
2001, compared to $43,000 in 2000. The decrease was the result of a reduction in
management fees.

         Real estate taxes increased $25,000, or 1%, to $1,752,000 in 2001
compared to $1,727,000 in 2000. The increase is the result of general assessment
increases on the Properties.

         Property operating expenses increased $69,000, or 5%, to $1,433,000 in
2001 compared to $1,364,000 in 2000. The increase was the result of additional
property expenses and major roof repairs of $166,000; decreased snow removal
costs of ($164,000); an increase in shopping center maintenance costs of
$54,000; an increase in utility costs of $4,000; and an increase in insurance
costs of $9,000 in 2001 versus 2000.

         Land lease payments increased $54,000, or 8%, to $739,000 in 2001
compared to $685,000 in 2000 as a result of the Company leasing land for its
Petoskey, Michigan development completed in 2000.

         General and administrative expenses increased $250,000, or 16%, to
$1,807,000 in 2001 compared to $1,557,000 in 2000. The increase was primarily
the result of an increase in compensation related expenses, general increases in
professional fees and an potential $50,000 bad debt charge relating to amounts
due from Kmart. General and administrative expenses as a percentage of rental
income increased from 7.4% for 2000 to 8.2% for 2001.

         Depreciation and amortization increased $155,000, or 4%, to $3,845,000
in 2001 compared to $3,690,000 in 2000. The increase was the result of the
development of five Properties in 2000 and 2001.

         Interest expense decreased $325,000, or 5%, to $6,720,000 in 2001, from
$7,045,000 in 2000. The decrease in interest expense was the result of decreased
interest rates on variable rate notes payable.

         Equity in net income of unconsolidated entities increased $172,000 to
$694,000 in 2001 compared to $522,000 in 2000 as a result of depreciation
expense no longer being allocated to the Company pursuant to the joint venture
agreements in which the Company holds interests in properties ranging from 8% to
20%.

         The Company recognized a gain on the sale of an asset in the amount of
$219,000 in 2001. There was no such gain in 2000.

         The Company's income before minority interest increased $1,110,000, or
14%, to $9,295,000 in 2001, from $8,186,000 in 2000 as a result of the foregoing
factors.



                                      -20-
<PAGE>
COMPARISON OF YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000 TO YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 1999

         Minimum rental income increased $1,645,000, or 9%, to $20,864,000 in
2000, compared to $19,219,000 in 1999. The increase was the result of the
development of three Properties in 1999 and three Properties in 2000.

         Percentage rental income increased $84,000, or 39%, to $301,000 in
2000, compared to $217,000 in 1999. The increase was the result of increased
tenant sales.

         Operating cost reimbursement increased $70,000, or 3%, to $2,522,000 in
2000, compared to $2,452,000 in 1999. Operating cost reimbursement increased due
to the increase in real estate taxes and property operating expenses from 1999
to 2000, as explained below.

         Management fees and other income remained relatively constant at
$43,000 in 2000 compared to $42,000 in 1999.

         Real estate taxes increased $26,000, or 2%, to $1,727,000 in 2000
compared to $1,701,000 in 1999. The increase is the result of general assessment
increases on the Properties.

         Property operating expenses (shopping center maintenance, insurance and
utilities) increased $95,000, or 7%, to $1,364,000 in 2000, compared $1,269,000
in 1999. The increase consisted of increased snow removal costs due to heavy
snow falls in Northern Michigan and Wisconsin of $169,000; a decrease in
shopping center maintenance costs of $90,000; an increase in utility costs of
$14,000; and a increase in insurance costs of $2,000 in 2000 versus 1999.

         Land lease payments increased $143,000, or 26%, to $685,000 in 2000
compared to $542,000 in 1999 as a result of the Company leasing land for its
Petoskey, Michigan development completed in 2000.

         General and administrative expenses increased $132,000, or 9%, to
$1,557,000 in 2000 compared to $1,425,000 in 1999. The increase was primarily
the result of an increase in compensation-related expenses related to the
addition of an employee and wage increases. General and administrative expenses
as a percentage of total rental income increased from 7.3% for 1999 to 7.4% for
2000.

         Depreciation and amortization increased $254,000, or 7%, to $3,690,000
in 2000 compared to $3,436,000 in 1999. The increase was the result of the
development of six new Properties in 1999 and 2000.

         Interest expense increased $1,274,000, or 22%, to $7,045,000 in 2000,
compared to $5,771,000 in 1999. The increase in interest expense was the result
of the Company's additional borrowing to finance its development of properties
and increased rates on variable rate notes payable.

         The Company received development fee income of $41,000 in 1999; there
was no development fee income in 2000.

         Equity in net income of unconsolidated entities increased $494,000 to
$522,000 in 2000 compared to $28,000 in 1999 as a result of depreciation expense
no longer being allocated to the Company pursuant




                                      -21-
<PAGE>
to the Joint Venture agreements in which the Company holds interests in
properties ranging from 8% to 20%.

         The Company's income before minority interest increased $329,000, or
4%, to $8,186,000 in 2000, from $7,857,000 in 1999 as a result of the foregoing
factors.

FUNDS FROM OPERATIONS

         Management considers Funds from Operations ("FFO") to be a supplemental
measure of the Company's operating performance. FFO is defined by the National
Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts, Inc. to mean net income computed
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP"), excluding
gains (or losses) from debt restructuring and sales of property, plus real
estate related depreciation and amortization, and after adjustments for
unconsolidated entities in which the REIT holds an interest. FFO does not
represent cash generated from operating activities in accordance with GAAP and
is not necessarily indicative of cash available to fund cash needs. FFO should
not be considered as an alternative to net income as the primary indicator of
the Company's operating performance or as an alternative to cash flow as a
measure of liquidity.

         The following table illustrates the calculation of FFO for the
years-ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                  Year ended December 31,
                                    --------------------------------------------------
                                         2001                2000            1999
                                    --------------------------------------------------
<S>                                  <C>                 <C>              <C>
Income before minority interest      $9,295,472          $ 8,185,808      $ 7,856,901
Depreciation of real estate assets    3,747,065            3,589,757        3,349,739
Amortization of leasing costs            68,241               73,723           67,090
Amortization of stock awards            266,252              236,126          193,972
Depreciation of real estate assets
  held in unconsolidated entities             -              171,980          666,579
Gain on sale of assets                 (218,543)                   -                -
Development fee income                        -                    -          (40,873)
                                    --------------------------------------------------
Funds from Operations               $13,158,487          $12,257,394      $12,093,408
                                    --------------------------------------------------

Weighted average shares and
  OP Units outstanding                5,090,416            5,069,353        5,038,414
                                    --------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

         The Company's principal demands for liquidity are distributions to its
stockholders, debt repayment, development of new properties and future property
acquisitions.

         During the quarter ended December 31, 2001, the Company declared a
quarterly dividend of $.46 per share. The dividend was paid on January 4, 2002
to holders of record on December 21, 2001.

         As of December 31, 2001, the Company had total mortgage indebtedness of
$69,209,337 with a weighted average interest rate of 6.91%. Future scheduled
annual maturities of mortgages payable for the years ending December 31 are as
follows: 2002 - $1,993,539; 2003 -




                                      -22-
<PAGE>
$2,204,823; 2004 - $2,361,681; 2005 - $30,666,041; 2006 - $1,648,114. The
mortgage debt is all fixed rate debt.

         In addition, the Operating Partnership has in place a $50 million line
of credit facility (the "Credit Facility") which is guaranteed by the Company.
The Credit Facility matures in August 2003 and can be extended by the Company
for an additional three years. Advances under the Credit Facility bear interest
within a range of one-month to six-month LIBOR plus 150 basis points to 213
basis points or the lender's prime rate, at the option of the Company, based on
certain factors such as debt to property value and debt service coverage. The
Credit Facility is used to fund property acquisitions and development activities
and is secured by most of the Properties which are not otherwise encumbered and
properties to be acquired or developed. As of December 31, 2001, $18,158,232 was
outstanding under the Credit Facility bearing a weighted average interest rate
of 3.23%.

         The Company also has in place a $5 million line of credit (the "Line of
Credit"), which matures on April 30, 2002, and which the Company expects to
renew for an additional 12-month period. The Line of Credit bears interest at
the lender's prime rate less 50 basis points or 175 basis points in excess of
the one-month LIBOR rate, at the option of the Company. The purpose of the Line
of Credit is to provide working capital to the Company and fund land options and
start-up costs associated with new projects. As of December 31, 2001, $1,800,000
was outstanding under the Line of Credit bearing a weighted average interest
rate of 3.85%.

         The Company's wholly-owned subsidiaries have obtained construction
financing of approximately $16,100,000 to fund the development of four retail
properties. The notes require quarterly interest payments, based on a weighted
average interest rate based on LIBOR, computed by the lender. The notes mature
on October 16, 2002 and are secured by the underlying land and buildings. As of
December 31, 2001, $14,896,962 was outstanding under these notes.

         The Company has received funding from an unaffiliated third party for
the construction of certain of its Properties. Advances under this arrangement
bear no interest. The advances are secured by the specific land and buildings
being developed. As of December 31, 2001, $1,663,240 was outstanding under this
arrangement.

         The Company has one development project under construction that will
add an additional 14,490 square feet of GLA to the Company's portfolio. The
project was completed during the first quarter of 2002. Additional Company
funding required for this project is estimated to be $1,115,000 and will come
from the Credit Facility.

         The Company intends to meet its short-term liquidity requirements,
including capital expenditures related to the leasing and improvement of the
Properties, through its cash flow provided by operations and the Line of Credit.
Management believes that adequate cash flow will be available to fund the
Company's operations and pay dividends in accordance with REIT requirements. The
Company may obtain additional funds for future development or acquisitions
through other borrowings or the issuance of additional shares of capital stock.
The Company intends to incur additional debt in a manner consistent with its
policy of maintaining a ratio of total debt (including construction and
acquisition financing) to total market capitalization of 65% or less. The
Company believes that these financing sources will enable the




                                      -23-
<PAGE>
Company to generate funds sufficient to meet both its short-term and long-term
capital needs.

         The Company plans to begin construction of additional pre-leased
developments and may acquire additional properties, which will initially be
financed by the Credit Facility and Line of Credit. Management intends to
periodically refinance short-term construction and acquisition financing with
long-term debt and / or equity.

INFLATION

         The Company's leases generally contain provisions designed to mitigate
the adverse impact of inflation on net income. These provisions include clauses
enabling the Company to pass through to tenants certain operating costs,
including real estate taxes, common area maintenance, utilities and insurance,
thereby reducing the Company's exposure to increases in costs and operating
expenses resulting from inflation. Certain of the Company's leases contain
clauses enabling the Company to receive percentage rents based on tenants' gross
sales, which generally increase as prices rise, and, in certain cases,
escalation clauses, which generally increase rental rates during the terms of
the leases. In addition, expiring tenant leases permit the Company to seek
increased rents upon re-lease at market rates if rents are below the then
existing market rates.

RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

         In October 2001, the Financial Accounting Stands Board issued Statement
of Financial Accounting Standards No. 144, Accounting for the Impairment or
Disposal of Long-Lived Assets (SFAS 144).

         SFAS 144 establishes a single accounting model for the impairment or
disposal of long-lived assets, including discontinued operations. SFAS 144
superceded Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 121, Accounting for
the Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and for Long-Lived Assets to Be Disposed of
(SFAS 121), and APB Opinion No. 30, Reporting the Results of
Operations-Reporting the Effects of Disposal of a Segment of a Business and
Extraordinary, Unusual and Infrequently Occurring Events and Transactions. The
provisions of SFAS 144 are effective in fiscal years beginning after December
15, 2001, with early adoption permitted, and in general are to be applied
prospectively.

         The Company does not expect that the adoption of this standard will
have a material impact on its results of operations and financial position.

ITEM 7A        QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

         The Company is exposed to interest rate risk primarily through its
borrowing activities. There is inherent roll over risk for borrowings as they
mature and are renewed at current market rates. The extent of this risk is not
quantifiable or predictable because of the variability of future interest rates
and the Company's' future financing requirements.

         Mortgages payable - As of December 31, 2001 the Company had four
mortgages outstanding. The first mortgage in the amount of $31,713,595 bears
interest at 7.00%. The mortgage matures on November 15, 2005. The second
mortgage in the amount of $7,082,202 bears interest at 7.00%.



                                      -24-
<PAGE>
The mortgage matures on April 1, 2013 and is subject to a rate review after the
7th year (April 1, 2006). The third mortgage in the amount of $11,413,540 bears
interest at 6.63%. The mortgage matures on February 5, 2017. The fourth mortgage
in the amount of $19,000,000 bears interest at 6.90%. The mortgage matures on
January 1, 2020.

         Construction loans - As of December 31, 2001 the Company had
Construction loans outstanding of $14,896,962. Under the terms of the
construction loans the Company bears no interest rate risk.

         Notes payable - As of December 31, 2001 the Company had $19,958,232
outstanding on its Secured and Unsecured Lines-of-Credit all of which had a
variable interest rate, based on LIBOR.

         The Company does not enter into financial instruments transactions for
trading or other speculative purposes or to manage interest rate exposure.

         A 10% adverse change in interest rates on the portion of the Company's
debt bearing interest at variable rates would result in an increase in interest
expense of approximately $80,000.

ITEM 8         FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

         The financial statements and supplementary data are listed in the Index
to Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules appearing on Page F-1
of this Form 10-K and are included in this Form 10-K following page F-1.

ITEM 9         CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING
               AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

         During the Company's last two fiscal years, there have been no changes
in the independent accountants nor disagreements with such accountants as to
accounting and financial disclosures of the type required to be disclosed in
this Item 9.

                                    PART III

ITEM 10.       DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

         Incorporated herein by reference to the Company's definitive proxy
statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120
days after the year covered by this Form 10-K with respect to its Annual Meeting
of Stockholders to be held on May 13, 2002.

ITEM 11.       EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

         Incorporated herein by reference to the Company's definitive proxy
statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120
days after the year covered by this Form 10-K with respect to its Annual Meeting
of Stockholders to be held on May 13, 2002.


                                      -25-
<PAGE>
ITEM 12.       SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND
               MANAGEMENT

      Incorporated herein by reference from the Company's definitive proxy
statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120
days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Form 10-K with respect to
its Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on May 13, 2002.

ITEM 13.       CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

      Incorporated herein by reference from the Company's definitive proxy
statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120
days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Form 10-K with respect to
its Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on May 13, 2002.

                                     PART IV


ITEM 14.       EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON
               FORM 8-K

        (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Report

               (1)(2) The financial statements indicated by Part II,
                        Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.

               (3)    Exhibits

3.1            Articles of Incorporation and Articles of Amendment of the
               Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the
               Company's Registration Statement on Form S-11 (Registration
               Statement No. 33-73858, as amended ("Agree S-11"))

3.2            Bylaws of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3
               to Agree S-11)

4.1            Rights Agreement by and between Agree Realty Corporation and
               BankBoston, N.A. as Rights Agent Dated as of December 7, 1998
               (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Form
               8-K filed on December 7, 1998)

10.1           Loan Modification Agreement, dated April 22, 1994, by and among
               Shawano Plaza, Plymouth Commons, Chippewa Commons and Nationwide
               Life Insurance Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1
               to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
               December 31, 1996 (the "1996 Form 10-K"))

10.2           Loan Modification Agreement, dated April 22, 1994, by and among
               Rapids Associates, Marshall Plaza Phase Two, Petoskey Town
               Center, Charlevoix Commons and Nationwide Life Insurance Company
               (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the 1996 Form 10-K)

10.3           First Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of
               Agree Limited Partnership, dated as of April 22, 1994, by and
               among the Company, Richard Agree, Edward Rosenberg and


                                      -26-
<PAGE>

               Joel Weiner (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the
               1996 Form 10-K)

10.4           Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated July 8,
               1994 by and among the Company, Richard Agree, Edward Rosenberg
               and Joel Weiner (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the
               Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
               31, 1994)

10.5   +       1994 Stock Incentive Plan of the Company (incorporated by
               reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the 1996 Form 10-K)

10.6           Management Agreement, dated April 22, 1994, by and among Mt
               Pleasant Shopping Center, Angola Plaza, Shiloh Plaza and the
               Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the 1996
               Form 10-K)

10.7           Contribution Agreement, dated as of April 21, 1994, by and among
               the Company, Richard Agree, Edward Rosenberg and the
               co-partnerships named therein (incorporated by reference to
               Exhibit 10.10 to the 1996 Form 10-K)

10.8   +       Agree Realty Corporation Profit Sharing Plan (incorporated by
               reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the 1996 Form 10-K)

10.9           Business Loan Agreement, dated as of September 21, 1995, by and
               between Agree Limited Partnership and Michigan National Bank
               (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company's
               Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1995
               (the "1995 Form 10-K"))

10.10          Line of Credit Agreement by and among Agree Limited Partnership,
               the Company, the lenders parties thereto, and Michigan National
               Bank as Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the
               1995 Form 10-K)

10.11          First amendment to $50 million line-of-credit agreement dated
               August 7, 1997 among Agree Realty Corporation and Michigan
               National Bank, as agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
               10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
               period ending September 30, 1997 (the "September 1997 Form
               10-Q"))

10.12          First amendment to $5 million business loan agreement dated
               September 21, 1997 between Agree Limited Partnership and Michigan
               National Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the
               September 1997 Form 10-Q)

10.13          Second amendment to $50 million line-of-credit agreement dated
               November 17, 1997 among Agree Realty Corporation and Michigan
               National Bank, as agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
               10.19 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
               ended December 31, 1997)

10.14          Second amendment to amended and restated $5 million business Loan
               agreement dated October 19, 1998 between Agree Limited
               Partnership and Michigan National Bank (incorporated by reference
               to Exhibit 10.17 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for
               the year ended December 31, 1998)



                                      -27-
<PAGE>

10.15  +       Employment Agreement, dated July 1, 1999, by and between the
               Company, and Richard Agree (incorporated by reference to exhibit
               10.5 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
               period ending June 30, 1999 (the "June 1999 Form 10-Q"))

10.16  +       Employment Agreement, dated July 1, 1999, by and between the
               Company, and Kenneth R. Howe (incorporated by reference to
               exhibit 10.6 to the June 1999 Form 10-Q)

10.17          Third amendment to amended and restated $5 million business Loan
               agreement dated December 19, 1999 between Agree Limited
               Partnership and Michigan National Bank (incorporated by reference
               to exhibit 10.17 to the 1999 Form 10-K)

10.18          Assumption Agreement, Mortgage Modification and Amended and
               Restated Mortgage and Security Agreement, dated as of March 31,
               1999 by Agree Limited Partnership to and in favor of Nationwide
               Life Insurance Company (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1
               to the June 1999 Form 10-Q)

10.19          Project Loan Agreement dated as of April 30, 1999 between
               Wilmington Trust Company not in its individual capacity, but
               solely as Owner Trustee and Agree - Columbia Crossing Project
               L.L.C. (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.2 to the June
               1999 Form 10-Q)

10.20          Project Loan Agreement dated as of June 11, 1999 between
               Wilmington Trust Company not in its individual capacity, but
               solely as Owner Trustee and Agree - Milestone Center Project
               L.L.C. (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.3 to the June
               1999 Form 10-Q)

10.21          Trust Mortgage dated as of June 27, 1999 from Agree Facility No.
               1, L.L.C. as Grantor to Manufacturers and Traders Trust Company
               (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.4 to the June 1999 Form
               10-Q)

10.22  +       Employment Agreement, dated January 10, 2000, by and between
               the Company, and David J. Prueter (incorporated by reference to
               exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for
               the period ended March 31, 2000

10.23          Third amendment to $50 million line-of-credit agreement dated
               August 7, 2000 among Agree Realty Corporation and Michigan
               National Bank, as agent (incorporated by reference To exhibit
               10.1 to the Company's Quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the
               period ended September 30, 2000)

10.24          Fourth amendment to amended and restated $5 million business Loan
               agreement dated February 19, 2001 between Agree Limited
               Partnership and Michigan National Bank (incorporated by reference
               to exhibit 10.23 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for
               the year ended December 31, 2000 (the "2000 Form 10-K"))

10.25  *       Mortgage dated as of December 20, 2001, by Agree Limited
               Partnership to and in favor of Nationwide Life Insurance Company



                                      -28-
<PAGE>

21.1   *       Subsidiaries of Agree Realty Corporation

23     *       Consent of BDO Seidman, LLP


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

    *          Filed herewith

    +          Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement

  (b) Reports on Form 8-K

               No reports on form 8-K were filed by the Company during the
               quarter ending December 31, 2001

                                   SIGNATURES


         PURSUANT to the requirements of Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.


                                   AGREE REALTY CORPORATION


                                   By: /s/ Richard Agree
                                       -------------------------------
                                   Name:  Richard Agree
                                          President and Chairman of the
                                             Board of Directors
                                   Date:  March 22, 2002

         PURSUANT to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 22rd day of March 2002.


By:        /s/ Richard Agree               By:    /s/ Farris G. Kalil
           --------------------------             ---------------------
           Richard Agree                          Farris G. Kalil
           President and Chairman of the          Director
             Board of Directors
           (Principal Executive Officer)

                                           By:    /s/ Michael Rotchford
                                                  ---------------------
                                                  Michael Rotchford
                                                  Director
By:        /s/ Kenneth R. Howe
           -------------------------
           Kenneth R. Howe
           Vice President, Finance         By:    /s/ Ellis G. Wachs
             and Secretary                        ----------------------
           (Principal Financial and               Ellis G. Wachs
             Accounting Officer)                  Director


                                           By:    /s/ Gene Silverman
                                                  ------------------
                                                  Gene Silverman
                                                  Director





                                      -29-
<PAGE>
                                                        AGREE REALTY CORPORATION

                                                                           INDEX





                                                                            Page

           REPORT OF INDEPENDENT CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS                F-2


           FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
              Consolidated Balance Sheets                                    F-3
              Consolidated Statements of Income                              F-5
              Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity                F-6
              Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows                          F-7


           NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                     F-9


           SCHEDULE III - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation          F-22













                                      F-1
<PAGE>
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS


To the Board of Directors and Owners of
Agree Realty Corporation
Farmington Hills, Michigan

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Agree Realty
Corporation (the "Company") as of December 31, 2001 and 2000, and the related
consolidated statements of income, stockholders' equity and cash flows for each
of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2001. We have also audited
the schedule listed in the accompanying index. These financial statements and
the schedule are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and the
schedule based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted
in the United States of America. Those standards require that we plan and
perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements and the schedule are free of material misstatement. An audit includes
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in
the financial statements and the schedule. An audit also includes assessing the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well
as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements and the
schedule. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Agree Realty
Corporation at December 31, 2001 and 2000, and the results of its operations and
its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2001
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America.

Also, in our opinion, the schedule presents fairly, in all material respects,
the information set forth therein.





                                                                BDO SEIDMAN, LLP

Troy, Michigan
February 8, 2002










                                      F-2
<PAGE>
                                                        AGREE REALTY CORPORATION

                                                     CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS




<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

December 31,                                                     2001            2000
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                     <C>             <C>
ASSETS

REAL ESTATE INVESTMENTS (Notes 3, 4 and 5)
   Land                                                 $  46,838,530   $  45,028,679
   Buildings                                              148,283,359     143,474,205
   Property under development                               1,363,939       2,545,018
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                          196,485,828     191,047,902
   Less accumulated depreciation                          (33,634,461)    (29,907,682)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NET REAL ESTATE INVESTMENTS                               162,851,367     161,140,220

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                                   1,101,861       1,119,072

ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE - TENANTS, net of allowance of
   $50,000 and $-0- for possible losses                       666,749         741,565

INVESTMENTS IN AND ADVANCES TO
   UNCONSOLIDATED ENTITIES                                    255,203         266,449

UNAMORTIZED DEFERRED EXPENSES
   Financing costs                                          1,355,864       1,476,100
   Leasing costs                                              352,441         310,424

OTHER ASSETS                                                  927,861         998,260
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                        $ 167,511,346   $ 166,052,090
======================================================================================
</TABLE>

                    See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.







                                      F-3
<PAGE>
                                                        AGREE REALTY CORPORATION

                                                     CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS





<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
December 31,                                                         2001           2000
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                         <C>            <C>
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

MORTGAGES PAYABLE (Note 3)                                  $  69,209,337  $  52,119,770

CONSTRUCTION LOANS (Note 4)                                    16,560,202     16,614,002

NOTES PAYABLE (Note 5)                                         19,958,232     35,358,232

DIVIDENDS AND DISTRIBUTIONS PAYABLE (Note 6)                    2,341,591      2,331,379

ACCRUED INTEREST PAYABLE                                          218,598        314,607

ACCOUNTS PAYABLE
   Capital expenditures                                           598,362      1,110,673
   Operating                                                    1,244,950      1,017,493

TENANT DEPOSITS                                                    50,020         51,240
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

TOTAL LIABILITIES                                             110,181,292    108,917,396
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

MINORITY INTEREST (Note 7)                                      5,698,101      5,707,608
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (Note 6)
   Common stock, $.0001 par value; 20,000,000
     shares authorized; 4,416,869 and 4,394,669
     shares issued and outstanding                                    442            440
   Additional paid-in capital                                  63,937,682     63,632,433
   Deficit                                                    (11,724,832)   (11,663,446)
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                               52,213,292     51,969,427
Less: unearned compensation - restricted stock (Note 10)         (581,339)      (542,341)
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY                                     51,631,953     51,427,086
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                            $ 167,511,346  $ 166,052,090
=========================================================================================
</TABLE>

                    See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.






                                      F-4
<PAGE>
                                                        AGREE REALTY CORPORATION

                                               CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME





<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Year Ended December 31,                                       2001             2000             1999
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                   <C>              <C>              <C>

REVENUES
   Minimum rents                                      $ 21,722,471     $ 20,864,329     $ 19,219,219
   Percentage rents                                        413,058          301,474          217,475
   Operating cost reimbursement                          2,502,866        2,521,947        2,452,208
   Management fees and other (Note 8)                       40,573           42,695           41,838
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

TOTAL REVENUES                                          24,678,968       23,730,445       21,930,740
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

OPERATING EXPENSES
   Real estate taxes                                     1,752,402        1,726,751        1,700,850
   Property operating expenses                           1,433,449        1,363,663        1,268,559
   Land lease payments                                     738,960          685,043          541,993
   General and administrative                            1,806,709        1,556,817        1,424,602
   Depreciation and amortization                         3,844,520        3,689,526        3,435,711
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES                                 9,576,040        9,021,800        8,371,715
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

INCOME FROM OPERATIONS                                  15,102,928       14,708,645       13,559,025
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE)
   Interest expense                                     (6,720,318)      (7,045,176)      (5,770,736)
   Equity in net income of unconsolidated entities         694,319          522,339           27,739
   Gain on sale of assets                                  218,543                -                -
   Development fee income                                        -                -           40,873
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

TOTAL OTHER EXPENSE                                     (5,807,456)      (6,522,837)      (5,702,124)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

INCOME BEFORE MINORITY INTEREST                          9,295,472        8,185,808        7,856,901

MINORITY INTEREST                                        1,229,819        1,087,921        1,050,496
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NET INCOME                                            $  8,065,653     $  7,097,887     $  6,806,405
=======================================================================================================

EARNINGS PER SHARE (Note 2)                           $      1.83      $       1.61     $       1.56
=======================================================================================================
</TABLE>

                    See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.




                                      F-5
<PAGE>
                                                        AGREE REALTY CORPORATION

                                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY





<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                  Common Stock                Additional                               Unearned
                                         -------------------------------         Paid-In                         Compensation -
                                                Shares         Amount            Capital            Deficit    Restricted Stock
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                          <C>                <C>         <C>                <C>                <C>
BALANCE, January 1, 1999                     4,346,313          $ 435       $ 62,873,987       $ (9,448,351)      $    (377,341)

Issuance of shares under the Stock
   Incentive Plan                               18,554              1            343,248                  -            (327,450)
Vesting of restricted stock                          -              -                  -                  -             193,972
Dividends declared, $1.84 per share                  -              -                  -         (8,031,356)                  -
Net income                                           -              -                  -          6,806,405                   -
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

BALANCE, December 31, 1999                   4,364,867            436         63,217,235        (10,673,302)           (510,819)

Issuance of shares under the Stock
   Incentive Plan                               33,802              4            471,198                  -            (267,648)
Shares redeemed under the Stock
   Incentive Plan                               (4,000)             -            (56,000)                 -                   -
Vesting of restricted stock                          -              -                  -                  -             236,126
Dividends declared, $1.84 per share                  -              -                  -         (8,088,031)                  -
Net income                                           -              -                  -          7,097,887                   -
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

BALANCE, December 31, 2000                   4,394,669            440         63,632,433        (11,663,446)           (542,341)

Issuance of shares under the Stock
   Incentive Plan                               27,291              2            375,249                  -            (305,250)
Shares redeemed under the Stock
   Incentive Plan                               (5,091)             -            (70,000)                 -                   -
Vesting of restricted stock                          -              -                  -                  -             266,252
Dividends declared, $1.84 per share                  -              -                  -         (8,127,039)                  -
Net income                                           -              -                  -          8,065,653                   -
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

BALANCE, December 31, 2001                   4,416,869          $ 442       $ 63,937,682       $(11,724,832)      $    (581,339)
=================================================================================================================================
</TABLE>


                    See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.







                                      F-6
<PAGE>
                                                        AGREE REALTY CORPORATION

                                           CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS





<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Year Ended December 31,                                                2001            2000           1999
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                            <C>            <C>            <C>

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
   Net income                                                  $  8,065,653   $   7,097,887  $   6,806,405
   Adjustments to reconcile net income to net
     cash provided by operating activities
       Depreciation                                               3,767,240       3,602,678      3,350,133
       Amortization                                                 454,196         453,094        448,767
       Stock-based compensation                                     266,252         236,126        193,972
       Gain on sale of assets                                      (218,543)              -              -
       Equity in net income of unconsolidated entities             (694,319)       (522,339)       (27,739)
       Minority interests                                         1,229,819       1,087,921      1,050,496
       Decrease (increase) in accounts receivable                    74,816        (176,432)        79,919
       Increase in other assets                                     (29,313)       (306,780)        (6,955)
       Increase in accounts payable                                 227,457         161,607        134,401
       Increase (decrease) in accrued interest                      (96,009)        (30,268)        26,513
       Increase (decrease) in tenant deposits                        (1,220)           (833)         3,467
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NET CASH PROVIDED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES                        13,046,029      11,602,661     12,059,379
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
   Acquisition of real estate investments (including
     capitalized interest of $165,800 in 2001,
     $394,400 in 2000 and  $452,000 in 1999)                     (4,839,564)    (10,079,123)   (11,621,507)
   Distributions from unconsolidated entities                       694,319         694,320        702,226
   Proceeds from sale of assets                                     280,000               -              -
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES                            (3,865,245)     (9,384,803)   (10,919,281)
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

                    See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.








                                      F-7
<PAGE>
                                                        AGREE REALTY CORPORATION

                                           CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS





<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Year Ended December 31,                                            2001             2000            1999
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                       <C>               <C>             <C>

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
   Mortgage proceeds                                      $  19,000,000     $    500,000    $ 12,390,135
   Line-of-credit net borrowings (payments)                 (15,400,000)       8,200,000      (8,000,000)
   Dividends and limited partners' distributions paid        (9,356,153)      (9,313,647)     (9,262,149)
   Payments of mortgages payable                             (1,910,433)      (1,316,801)       (752,858)
   Payments of payables for capital expenditures             (1,040,672)      (1,112,043)     (1,428,718)
   Payments for financing costs                                (256,679)        (254,949)       (417,146)
   Payments of leasing costs                                   (110,258)        (101,518)        (47,025)
   Redemption of restricted stock                               (70,000)         (56,000)              -
   Payment on construction loans                                (53,800)               -               -
   Proceeds from construction loans                                   -        1,291,931       6,447,745
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NET CASH USED IN FINANCING ACTIVITIES                        (9,197,995)      (2,163,027)     (1,070,016)
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH
   AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                                         (17,211)          54,831          70,082

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, beginning of year                  1,119,072        1,064,241         994,159
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, end of year                    $   1,101,861     $  1,119,072    $  1,064,241
==========================================================================================================

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION
   Cash paid for interest (net of amounts capitalized)    $   6,486,219     $  6,718,068    $  5,395,192
==========================================================================================================

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH TRANSACTIONS
   Dividends and limited partners' distributions
     declared and unpaid                                  $   2,341,591     $  2,331,379    $  2,317,670
   Real estate investments financed with accounts
     Payable                                              $     598,362     $  1,110,673    $  1,315,597
   Shares issued under Stock Incentive Plan               $     375,251     $    471,202    $    343,249
==========================================================================================================
</TABLE>


                    See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.






                                      F-8
<PAGE>
                                                        AGREE REALTY CORPORATION

                                      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



1.    THE COMPANY               Agree Realty Corporation (the "Company") is a
                                self-administered, self-managed real estate
                                investment trust which develops, acquires, owns
                                and operates properties which are primarily
                                leased to national and regional retail companies
                                under net leases. At December 31, 2001, the
                                Company's properties are comprised of fourteen
                                shopping centers and twenty-six single tenant
                                retail facilities located in thirteen states. In
                                addition, the Company owns joint venture
                                interests ranging from 8% to 20% in seven
                                free-standing retail properties. During the year
                                ended December 31, 2001, approximately 95% of
                                the Company's base rental revenues were received
                                from national and regional tenants under
                                long-term leases, including approximately 24%
                                from Kmart Corporation, 22% from Borders, Inc.
                                and 17% from Walgreen Co.

2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT    PRINCIPLES OF CONSOLIDATION
      ACCOUNTING POLICIES
                                The consolidated financial statements of Agree
                                Realty Corporation include the accounts of the
                                Company, its majority-owned partnership, Agree
                                Limited Partnership (the "Operating
                                Partnership"), and its wholly-owned
                                subsidiaries. The Company controlled, as the
                                sole general partner, 86.77% and 86.71% of the
                                Operating Partnership as of December 31, 2001
                                and 2000, respectively. All material
                                intercompany accounts and transactions are
                                eliminated.

                                USE OF ESTIMATES

                                The preparation of financial statements in
                                conformity with generally accepted accounting
                                principles, requires management to make
                                estimates and assumptions that affect the
                                reported amounts of (1) assets and liabilities
                                and the disclosure of contingent assets and
                                liabilities as of the date of the financial
                                statements, and (2) revenues and expenses during
                                the reporting period. Actual results could
                                differ from those estimates.


                                     F - 9


<PAGE>


                                                        AGREE REALTY CORPORATION

                                      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




                                FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

                                The carrying amounts of the Company's financial
                                instruments, which consist of cash, cash
                                equivalents, receivables, notes payable,
                                accounts payable and long-term debt, approximate
                                their fair values.

                                VALUATION OF LONG-LIVED ASSETS

                                Long-lived assets such as real estate
                                investments are evaluated for impairment when
                                events or changes in circumstances indicate that
                                the carrying amount of the assets may not be
                                recoverable through the estimated undiscounted
                                future cash flows from the use of these assets.
                                When any such impairment exists, the related
                                assets will be written down to fair value. No
                                impairment loss recognition has been required
                                through December 31, 2001.

                                REAL ESTATE INVESTMENTS

                                Real estate assets are stated at cost less
                                accumulated depreciation. All costs related to
                                planning, development and construction of
                                buildings prior to the date they become
                                operational, including interest and real estate
                                taxes during the construction period, are
                                capitalized for financial reporting purposes and
                                recorded as "Property under development" until
                                construction has been completed. As of December
                                31, 2001, the cost to complete the properties
                                under development is approximately $1,115,000.

                                Subsequent to completion of construction,
                                expenditures for property maintenance are
                                charged to operations as incurred, while
                                significant renovations are capitalized.
                                Depreciation of the buildings is recorded on the
                                straight-line method using an estimated useful
                                life of forty years.

                                CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

                                Cash and cash equivalents include cash and money
                                market accounts.





                                     F - 10

<PAGE>


                                                        AGREE REALTY CORPORATION

                                      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



                                ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE - TENANTS

                                Accounts receivable from tenants reflect
                                primarily reimbursement of specified common area
                                expenses.

                                INVESTMENTS IN UNCONSOLIDATED ENTITIES

                                The Company uses the equity method of accounting
                                for investments in non-majority owned entities
                                where the Company has the ability to exercise
                                significant influence over operating and
                                financial policies.

                                The Company's initial investment is recorded at
                                cost, and the carrying amount of the investment
                                is (a) increased by the Company's share of the
                                investees' earnings (as defined in the limited
                                liability company agreements), and (b) reduced
                                by distributions paid from the investees to the
                                Company.

                                UNAMORTIZED DEFERRED EXPENSES

                                Deferred expenses are stated net of total
                                accumulated amortization. The nature and
                                treatment of these capitalized costs are as
                                follows: (1) financing costs, consisting of
                                expenditures incurred to obtain long-term
                                financing, are being amortized using the
                                interest method over the term of the related
                                loan, and (2) leasing costs, which are amortized
                                on a straight-line basis over the term of the
                                related lease.

                                OTHER ASSETS

                                The Company records prepaid expenses, deposits
                                and miscellaneous receivables as "other assets"
                                in the accompanying balance sheets.

                                ACCOUNTS PAYABLE - CAPITAL EXPENDITURES

                                Included in accounts payable are amounts related
                                to the construction of buildings. Due to the
                                nature of these expenditures, they are reflected
                                in the statements of cash flows as a financing
                                activity.



                                     F - 11

<PAGE>

                                                        AGREE REALTY CORPORATION

                                      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



                                MINORITY INTEREST

                                This amount represents the limited partners'
                                interest ("OP Units") of 13.23% and 13.29%
                                (convertible into 673,547 shares) in the
                                Operating Partnership as of December 31, 2001
                                and 2000, respectively.

                                REVENUE RECOGNITION

                                Minimum rental income attributable to leases is
                                recorded when due from tenants. Certain leases
                                provide for additional percentage rents based on
                                tenants' sales volume. These percentage rents
                                are recognized as received by the Company. In
                                addition, leases for certain tenants contain
                                rent escalations and/or free rent during the
                                first several months of the lease term; however,
                                such amounts are not material.

                                The Company acts as the construction developer
                                on certain properties. Related development fee
                                income is recognized upon completion of
                                construction.

                                OPERATING COST REIMBURSEMENT

                                Substantially all of the Company's leases
                                contain provisions requiring tenants to pay as
                                additional rent a proportionate share of
                                operating expenses such as real estate taxes,
                                repairs and maintenance, insurance, etc. The
                                related revenue from tenant billings is
                                recognized in the same period the expense is
                                recorded.

                                INCOME TAXES

                                The Company elected to be taxed as a REIT under
                                the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended
                                (the "Code"), and began operating as such on
                                April 22, 1994. As a result, the Company is not
                                subject to federal income taxes to the extent
                                that it distributes annually at least 90% of its
                                taxable income to its shareholders and satisfies
                                certain other requirements defined in the Code.
                                Accordingly, no provision was made for federal
                                income taxes in the accompanying consolidated
                                financial statements.



                                     F - 12

<PAGE>


                                                        AGREE REALTY CORPORATION

                                      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




                                The Company declared dividends of $1.84 per
                                share during the years ended December 31, 2001,
                                2000, and 1999; the dividends have been
                                reflected for federal income tax purposes as
                                follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                December 31,                            2001           2000            1999
                                ============================================================================

                                <S>                                <C>            <C>            <C>
                                Ordinary income                    $    1.76      $    1.52      $     1.44
                                Return of capital                        .08            .32             .40
                                ----------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                TOTAL                              $    1.84      $    1.84      $     1.84
                                ============================================================================
</TABLE>


                                The aggregate federal income tax basis of Real
                                Estate Investments is approximately $18.5
                                million less than the financial statement basis.

                                EARNINGS PER SHARE

                                Earnings per share reflected in the consolidated
                                statements of operations are presented for all
                                periods in accordance with SFAS No. 128,
                                "Earnings per Share". In connection therewith,
                                any conversion of OP Units to common stock would
                                have no effect on the earnings per share
                                calculation since the allocation of earnings to
                                an OP Unit is equivalent to earnings allocated
                                to a share of common stock.

                                The following table sets forth the computation
                                of basic and diluted earnings per share:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                December 31,                                         2001            2000         1999
                                =======================================================================================
                                <S>                                             <C>            <C>          <C>
                                NUMERATOR
                                  Net income                                    $ 8,065,653    $ 7,097,887  $ 6,806,405
                                  Income allocated to minority interests          1,229,819      1,087,921    1,050,496
                                ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                NUMERATOR FOR BASIC AND DILUTED
                                  EARNINGS PER SHARE - INCOME
                                  AVAILABLE TO SHAREHOLDERS AFTER
                                  ASSUMED CONVERSIONS                           $ 9,295,472    $ 8,185,808  $ 7,856,901
                                =======================================================================================
</TABLE>




                                     F - 13

<PAGE>


                                                        AGREE REALTY CORPORATION

                                      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>



                                December 31,                                           2001        2000          1999
                                ======================================================================================
                             <S>                                                <C>           <C>          <C>
                                 DENOMINATOR
                                   Weighted average shares outstanding            4,416,869    4,395,806    4,364,867
                                   Weighted average OP Units
                                 outstanding,                                       673,547      673,547      673,547
                                      Assuming conversion
                                --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                 DENOMINATOR FOR BASIC EARNINGS PER
                                  SHARE - ADJUSTED WEIGHTED AVERAGE
                                  SHARES AND ASSUMED CONVERSIONS                  5,090,416    5,069,353    5,038,414

                                 EMPLOYEE STOCK OPTIONS                                   -           -             -
                                --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                 DENOMINATOR FOR DILUTED EARNINGS PER
                                  SHARE                                           5,090,416    5,069,353    5,038,414
                                ======================================================================================
</TABLE>


                                Options to purchase shares of common stock were
                                outstanding (see Note 9) but were not included
                                in the computation of diluted earnings per share
                                because the options exercise price was greater
                                than the average market price of the common
                                shares and, therefore, any additional shares
                                would be anti-dilutive.

                                RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

                                In October 2001, the Financial Accounting
                                Standards Board issued Statement of Financial
                                Accounting Standards No. 144, Accounting for the
                                Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets
                                (SFAS 144).

                                SFAS 144 establishes a single accounting model
                                for the impairment or disposal of long-lived
                                assets, including discontinued operations. SFAS
                                144 superseded Statement of Financial Accounting
                                Standards No. 121, Accounting for the Impairment
                                of Long-Lived Assets and for Long-Lived Assets
                                to Be Disposed of (SFAS 121), and APB Opinion
                                No. 30, Reporting the Results of
                                Operations--Reporting the Effects of Disposal of
                                a Segment of a Business, and Extraordinary,
                                Unusual and Infrequently Occurring Events and
                                Transactions. The provisions of SFAS 144 are
                                effective in fiscal years beginning after
                                December 15, 2001, with early adoption
                                permitted, and in general are to be applied
                                prospectively.

                                The Company does not expect that the adoption of
                                this standard will have a material impact on its
                                results of operations and financial position.



                                     F - 14



<PAGE>



                                                        AGREE REALTY CORPORATION

                                      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


3.    MORTGAGES PAYABLE           Mortgages payable consisted of the following:

                                  December 31,                                              2001               2000
                                  ==================================================================================
<S>                                                                               <C>                <C>
                                  Note payable in monthly installments
                                   of $249,750 including interest at 7.0% per
                                   annum, with the remaining balance due
                                   November 2005; collateralized by related real
                                   estate and tenants' leases                       $  31,713,595      $  32,462,433

                                  Note payable in monthly installments
                                   of $153,838 including interest at 6.90% per
                                   annum, with the remaining balance due January
                                   2020; collateralized by related real estate
                                   and tenants' leases                                 19,000,000                  -

                                  Note payable in monthly installments
                                   of $99,598 including interest at 6.63% per
                                   annum, with the remaining balance due
                                   February 2017; collateralized by related real
                                   estate and tenants' leases                          11,413,540         11,836,651

                                  Note payable in monthly installments
                                   of $61,948 including interest at 7.0% per
                                   annum (with rate to be modified to prevailing
                                   interest rate in December 2005),
                                   collateralized by related real estate and
                                   tenants' leases, final balloon installment
                                   scheduled to be due April 2013                       7,082,202          7,320,686

                                  Other, repaid in 2001                                         -            500,000
                                  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                   TOTAL                                            $  69,209,337      $  52,119,770
                                  ==================================================================================
</TABLE>



                                     F - 15

<PAGE>


                                                        AGREE REALTY CORPORATION

                                      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



                             Future scheduled annual maturities of mortgages
                             payable for years ending December 31 are as
                             follows: 2002 - $1,993,539; 2003 - $2,204,823; 2004
                             - $2,361,681; 2005 - $30,666,041; 2006 -
                             $1,648,114; and $30,335,139 thereafter.

4.    CONSTRUCTION LOANS     The Company's wholly-owned subsidiaries have
                             obtained construction financing totalling
                             approximately $16,100,000, which is available to
                             fund the development of four retail properties.
                             Quarterly interest payments are made based on
                             LIBOR. The notes mature on October 16, 2002 and are
                             secured by the related land and buildings. The
                             Company owed $14,896,962 for these loans at
                             December 31, 2001 and 2000.

                             The Company has also received funding from an
                             unaffiliated third party for certain of its single
                             tenant retail properties. Borrowings under this
                             arrangement bear no interest. The advances are
                             secured by the specific land and buildings being
                             developed. The Company owed $1,663,240 and
                             $1,717,040 for these advances as of December 31,
                             2001 and 2000, respectively.

5.    NOTES PAYABLE          The Operating Partnership has in place a $50
                             million line-of-credit agreement which is
                             guaranteed by the Company. The agreement expires in
                             August 2003 and can be extended, solely at the
                             option of the Operating Partnership, for an
                             additional three years. Advances under the Credit
                             Facility bear interest within a range of one-month
                             to six-month LIBOR plus 150 basis points to 213
                             basis points or the bank's prime rate, at the
                             option of the Company, based on certain factors
                             such as debt to property value and debt service
                             coverage. The Credit Facility is used to fund
                             property acquisitions and development activities
                             and is secured by most of the Company's Properties
                             which are not otherwise encumbered and properties
                             to be acquired or developed. At December 31, 2001
                             and 2000, $18,158,232 and $33,158,232,
                             respectively, was outstanding under this facility.

                             In addition, the Company maintains a $5,000,000
                             line-of-credit agreement with a bank. Monthly
                             interest payments are required, either at the
                             bank's prime rate less 50 basis points, or 175
                             basis points in excess of the one-month LIBOR rate,
                             at the option of the Company. At December 31, 2001
                             and 2000, $1,800,000 and $2,200,000, respectively,
                             was outstanding under this agreement.




                                     F - 16

<PAGE>


                                                        AGREE REALTY CORPORATION

                                      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




6.    DIVIDENDS AND              On December 10, 2001 the Company declared a
      DISTRIBUTIONS PAYABLE      dividend of $.46 per share for the quarter
                                 ended December 31, 2001; approximately 4%
                                 percent of the dividend represented a return of
                                 capital. The holders of OP Units were entitled
                                 to an equal distribution per OP Unit held as of
                                 December 31, 2001. The dividends and
                                 distributions payable are recorded as
                                 liabilities in the Company's balance sheet at
                                 December 31, 2001. The dividend has been
                                 reflected as a reduction of stockholders'
                                 equity and the distribution has been reflected
                                 as a reduction of the limited partners'
                                 minority interest. These amounts were paid on
                                 January 4, 2002.

7.    MINORITY INTEREST          The following summarizes the changes in
                                 minority interest since January 1, 1999:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                        <S>                                                                  <C>

                                 MINORITY INTEREST AT JANUARY 1, 1999                         $     6,047,843
                                 Minority interests' share of income for the year                   1,050,496
                                 Distributions for the year                                        (1,239,327)
                                 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                 MINORITY INTEREST AT DECEMBER 31, 1999                             5,859,012
                                 Minority interests' share of income for the year                   1,087,921
                                 Distributions for the year                                        (1,239,325)
                                 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                 MINORITY INTEREST AT DECEMBER 31, 2000                             5,707,608
                                 Minority interests' share of income for the year                   1,229,819
                                 Distributions for the year                                        (1,239,326)
                                 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                 MINORITY INTEREST AT DECEMBER 31, 2001                       $     5,698,101
                                 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>



8.    RELATED PARTY              The Company currently manages certain
      TRANSACTIONS               additional properties which are owned by
                                 certain officers and directors of the Company,
                                 but are not included in the consolidated
                                 financial statements. Income related to these
                                 activities is reflected as "Management fees and
                                 other" in the accompanying consolidated
                                 statements of income.

9.    STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN       The Company has established a stock incentive
                                 plan (the "Plan") under which options were
                                 granted in April 1994. The options, which have
                                 an exercise price equal to the initial public
                                 offering price ($19.50/share), can be exercised
                                 in increments of 25% on each anniversary of the
                                 date of the grant, and expire upon employment
                                 termination. All 23,275 options outstanding
                                 were exercisable at December 31, 2001 and 2000.
                                 No options were exercised during either 2001 or
                                 2000.


                                     F - 17


<PAGE>


                                                        AGREE REALTY CORPORATION

                                      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




                                 The Company has adopted the disclosure-only
                                 provisions of SFAS No. 123 "Accounting for
                                 Stock-Based Compensation." However, since no
                                 compensation cost would have been recognized
                                 pursuant to SFAS No. 123 under the Plan in
                                 2001, 2000 or 1999, there is no effect on the
                                 Company's net income for these years.

10.   UNEARNED COMPENSATION -    As part of the Company's stock incentive plan,
      RESTRICTED STOCK           restricted common shares are granted to certain
                                 employees. The restricted shares vest in
                                 increments of 20% per year for five years. Plan
                                 participants are entitled to receive the
                                 quarterly dividends on their respective
                                 restricted shares. The following table
                                 summarizes the restricted shares for the years
                                 ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                       2001        2000         1999
                                 =====================================================================================

                             <S>                                                  <C>         <C>          <C>
                                 Restricted shares outstanding January 1            115,134      85,332       66,778
                                 Restricted  shares  granted  during the             27,291      33,802       18,554
                                   year
                                 Restricted shares redeemed during the
                                   year                                              (5,091)     (4,000)           -
                                 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                 Restricted shares outstanding
                                  December 31                                       137,334     115,134       85,332
                                 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                 COMPENSATION EXPENSE RECORDED RELATED
                                  TO RESTRICTED COMMON SHARES                     $ 266,252   $ 236,126    $ 193,972
                                ======================================================================================

</TABLE>


11.   PROFIT-SHARING PLAN        The Company has a discretionary profit-sharing
                                 plan whereby it contributes to the plan such
                                 amounts as the Board of Directors of the
                                 Company determines. The participants in the
                                 plan cannot make any contributions to the plan.
                                 Contributions to the plan are allocated to the
                                 employees based on their percentage of
                                 compensation to the total compensation of all
                                 employees for the plan year. Participants in
                                 the plan become fully vested after six years of
                                 service. No contributions were made to the plan
                                 in 2001, 2000 or 1999.

12.   RENTAL INCOME              The Company leases premises in its properties
                                 to tenants pursuant to lease agreements which
                                 provide for terms ranging generally from 5 to
                                 25 years. The majority of leases provide for
                                 additional rents based on tenants' sales
                                 volume.





                                     F - 18

<PAGE>
                                                        AGREE REALTY CORPORATION

                                      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                 As of December 31, 2001, the future minimum revenues for the
                 next five years from rental property under the terms of all
                 noncancellable tenant leases, assuming no new or renegotiated
                 leases are executed for such premises, are as follows (in
                 thousands):

<TABLE>


              <S>                                                <C>
                 2002                                            $   21,941
                 2003                                                21,095
                 2004                                                20,285
                 2005                                                19,630
                 2006                                                18,296
                 Thereafter                                         156,465
                 ----------------------------------------------------------

                 TOTAL                                           $  257,712
                 ----------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

                 Of these future minimum rentals, approximately 24% of the total
                 is attributable to Kmart Corporation, approximately 28% is
                 attributable to Borders, Inc. and approximately 26% is
                 attributable to Walgreen Company. Kmart's principal business is
                 general merchandise retailing through a chain of discount
                 department stores, Borders is a major operator of book
                 superstores in the United States and Walgreen operates in the
                 national chain drugstore industry. The loss of any of these
                 anchor tenants or the inability of any of them to pay rent
                 could have an adverse effect on the Company's business.

                 On January 22, 2002 Kmart Corporation and 37 of its U.S.
                 subsidiaries field voluntary petitions for reorganization under
                 chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. In its filings in the
                 U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Northern District of Illinois,
                 Kmart indicated that it will reorganize on a fast-track basis
                 and has targeted emergence from chapter 11 in 2003. Kmart has
                 outlined certain strategic, operational and financial
                 initiatives that it intends to continue or implement during the
                 reorganization process. One of its initiatives is to evaluate
                 the performance of every store and terms of every lease in its
                 portfolio, with the objective of closing unprofitable or under
                 performing stores.

                 The Company has entered into sixteen (16) leases with Kmart
                 Corporation. Thirteen (13) of the Kmart stores are anchors in
                 the Company's Community Shopping Centers and three (3) Kmart
                 stores are free-standing properties. The Kmart stores are
                 located in five states as follows: Michigan (9), Wisconsin (3),
                 Florida (2), Ohio (1) and Kentucky (1). All sixteen (16) of the
                 Kmart stores are open and operating as Kmart discount stores.
                 The Company has not been notified by Kmart Corporation of its
                 intentions with regard to any of its Kmart leases as of this
                 date.



                                     F - 19

<PAGE>
                                                        AGREE REALTY CORPORATION

                                      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                         The loss of any of these anchor tenants or the
                         inability of any of them to pay rent could have an
                         adverse effect on the Company's business.

13. LEASE COMMITMENTS    The Company has entered into certain land lease
                         agreements for four of its properties. As of December
                         31, 2001, future annual lease commitments under these
                         agreements are as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                         Year Ended December 31,
                         ====================================================

                      <S>                                       <C>
                         2002                                    $    723,949
                         2003                                         725,443
                         2004                                         725,443
                         2005                                         764,768
                         2006                                         768,343
                         Thereafter                                12,813,930
                         ----------------------------------------------------

                         TOTAL                                   $ 16,521,876
                         ====================================================
</TABLE>


                                     F - 20

<PAGE>
                                                        AGREE REALTY CORPORATION

                                      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

14.   INTERIM RESULTS    The following summary represents the unaudited results
      (UNAUDITED)        of operations of the Company, expressed in thousands
                         except per share amounts, for the periods from January
                         1, 2000 through December 31, 2001:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                                             Three Months Ended
                         --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                         2001                                   March 31,    June 30,  September 30,   December 31,
                         ============================================================================================

                      <S>                                   <C>             <C>        <C>             <C>
                         REVENUES                               $   6,182    $  6,119   $     6,097     $     6,281
                         ============================================================================================

                         Income before minority interest        $   2,118    $  2,321   $     2,458     $     2,398
                         Minority interest                            280         307           325             318
                         --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                         NET INCOME                             $   1,838    $  2,014   $     2,133     $     2,080
                         ============================================================================================

                         EARNINGS PER SHARE                     $     .42    $    .46   $       .48     $       .47
                         ============================================================================================

                                                             Three Months Ended
                         --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                         2000                                   March 31,    June 30,  September 30,   December 31,
                         ============================================================================================

                         REVENUES                               $   5,813    $  5,804   $     5,998     $     6,115
                         ============================================================================================

                         Income before minority interest        $   1,868    $  2,025   $     2,155     $     2,138
                         Minority interest                            248         269           287             284
                         --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                         NET INCOME                             $   1,620    $  1,756   $     1,868     $     1,854
                         ============================================================================================

                         EARNINGS PER SHARE                     $     .37    $    .40   $       .43     $    .41
                         ============================================================================================
</TABLE>




                                     F - 21
<PAGE>

                                                      AGREE REALTY CORPORATION

                       SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION
                                                             DECEMBER 31, 2001

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


         Column A                   Column B               Column C                    Column D                     Column E
----------------------------    ------------       ---------------------------  ---------------    --------------------------------



                                                                                                     Gross Amount at Which Carried
                                                         Initial Cost                     Costs            at Close of Period
                                                   ---------------------------      Capitalized      ------------------------------
                                                                 Buildings and    Subsequent to                      Buildings and
Description                      Encumbrance                Land  Improvements      Acquisition                 Land  Improvements
==================================================================================================================================

<S>                             <C>              <C>           <C>               <C>                <C>          <C>

COMPLETED RETAIL FACILITIES
  Borman Center, MI              $   724,914      $   550,000      $   562,404      $ 1,075,205       $   550,000      $ 1,637,609
  Capital Plaza, KY                  921,912            7,379        2,240,607          534,115             7,379        2,774,722
  Charlevoix Common, MI            3,758,061          305,000        5,152,992          106,718           305,000        5,259,710
  Chippewa Commons, WI             4,817,295        1,197,150        6,367,560          224,769         1,197,150        6,592,329
  Grayling Plaza, MI                 655,673          200,000        1,778,657               --           200,000        1,778,657
  Iron Mountain Plaza, MI          2,712,191          677,820        7,014,996          491,900           677,820        7,506,896
  Ironwood Commons, MI             2,849,957          167,500        8,181,306          251,653           167,500        8,432,959
  Marshall Plaza Two, MI           3,215,759               --        4,662,230          115,294                --        4,777,524
  North Lakeland Plaza, FL         7,082,202        1,641,879        6,364,379          812,023         1,641,879        7,176,402
  Oscoda Plaza, MI                   681,352          183,295        1,872,854               --           183,295        1,872,854
  Perrysburg Plaza, OH                    --           21,835        2,291,651          354,704           345,538        2,322,651
  Petoskey Town Center, MI         5,264,457          875,000        8,895,289          208,498           875,000        9,103,787
  Plymouth Commons, WI             4,541,387          535,460        5,667,504          279,073           535,460        5,946,577
  Rapids Associates, MI            4,833,152          705,000        6,854,790           27,767           705,000        6,882,557
  Shawano Plaza, WI                5,283,485          190,000        9,133,934          101,471           190,000        9,235,405
  West Frankfort Plaza, IL           309,945            8,002          784,077          143,258             8,002          927,335
  Winter Garden Plaza, FL                 --        1,631,448        8,459,024          325,568         1,631,448        8,784,592
  Omaha Store, NE                  1,246,420        1,705,619        2,053,615            2,152         1,705,619        2,055,767
  Wichita Store, KS                  912,768        1,039,195        1,690,644           24,666         1,039,195        1,715,310
  Santa Barbara Store, CA          1,855,233        2,355,423        3,240,557            2,650         2,355,423        3,243,207
  Monroeville, PA                  2,843,801        6,332,158        2,249,724               --         6,332,158        2,249,724
  Norman, OK                         830,441          879,562        1,626,501               --           879,562        1,626,501
  Columbus, OH                     1,048,062          826,000        2,336,791               --           826,000        2,336,791
  Aventura, FL                     1,051,485               --        3,173,121               --                --        3,173,121
  Boyton Beach, FL                 1,705,596        3,103,942        2,043,122               --         3,103,942        2,043,122
  Lawrence, KS                     3,181,670               --        3,000,000          155,407                --        3,155,407
  Waterford, MI                    2,748,380          971,009        1,562,869          135,390           971,009        1,698,259
  Chesterfield Township, MI        3,017,740        1,350,590        1,757,830          (46,164)        1,350,590        1,711,666


<CAPTION>
                                    Column E              Column F         Column G      Column H
                                  ----------           -----------     ------------  ------------
                                                                                             Life
                                                                                         on Which
                                                                                     Depreciation
                                                                                        in Latest
                                                                                           Income
                                                        Accumulated         Date of     Statement
Description                            TOTAL           Depreciation    Construction   is Computed
==================================================================================================

<S>                                 <C>             <C>             <C>              <C>
COMPLETED RETAIL FACILITIES
  Borman Center, MI                 $ 2,187,609         $ 1,081,937         1977         40 Years
  Capital Plaza, KY                   2,782,101           1,411,565         1978         40 Years
  Charlevoix Common, MI               5,564,710           1,452,310         1991         40 Years
  Chippewa Commons, WI                7,789,479           1,875,440         1990         40 Years
  Grayling Plaza, MI                  1,978,657             800,920         1984         40 Years
  Iron Mountain Plaza, MI             8,184,716           1,912,657         1991         40 Years
  Ironwood Commons, MI                8,600,459           2,209,080         1991         40 Years
  Marshall Plaza Two, MI              4,777,524           1,266,883         1990         40 Years
  North Lakeland Plaza, FL            8,818,281           2,514,788         1987         40 Years
  Oscoda Plaza, MI                    2,056,149             837,577         1984         40 Years
  Perrysburg Plaza, OH                2,668,189           1,048,860         1983         40 Years
  Petoskey Town Center, MI            9,978,787           2,444,570         1990         40 Years
  Plymouth Commons, WI                6,482,037           1,633,736         1990         40 Years
  Rapids Associates, MI               7,587,557           1,927,456         1990         40 Years
  Shawano Plaza, WI                   9,425,405           2,663,781         1990         40 Years
  West Frankfort Plaza, IL              935,337             395,567         1982         40 Years
  Winter Garden Plaza, FL            10,416,040           2,750,498         1988         40 Years
  Omaha Store, NE                     3,761,386             314,782         1995         40 Years
  Wichita Store, KS                   2,754,505             262,581         1995         40 Years
  Santa Barbara Store, CA             5,598,630             496,607         1995         40 Years
  Monroeville, PA                     8,581,882             287,993         1996         40 Years
  Norman, OK                          2,506,063             213,286         1996         40 Years
  Columbus, OH                        3,162,791             345,647         1996         40 Years
  Aventura, FL                        3,173,121             452,831         1996         40 Years
  Boyton Beach, FL                    5,147,064             259,459         1996         40 Years
  Lawrence, KS                        3,155,407             326,996         1997         40 Years
  Waterford, MI                       2,669,268             168,794         1997         40 Years
  Chesterfield Township, MI           3,062,256             150,349         1998         40 Years

</TABLE>





                                     F - 22

<PAGE>

                                                        AGREE REALTY CORPORATION

                         SCHEDULE II -- REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION
                                                               DECEMBER 31, 2001


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


         Column A               Column B              Column C                  Column D                      Column E
--------------------------   ---------------   ---------------------------   --------------      --------------------------------


                                                                                                    Gross Amount at Which Carried
                                                      Initial Cost                   Costs               at Close of Period
                                                ---------------------------    Capitalized         -------------------------------
                                                             Buildings and    Subsequent to                      Buildings and
Description                  Encumbrance             Land     Improvements      Acquisition             Land      Improvements
==============================================================================================================================

<S>                         <C>               <C>             <C>             <C>                  <C>           <C>
  Grand Blanc, MI              2,883,060        1,104,285        1,998,919           13,968         1,104,285        2,012,887
  Pontiac, MI                  2,764,359        1,144,190        1,808,955         (113,506)        1,144,190        1,695,449
  Mt. Pleasant Shopping
     Center, MI                       --          907,600        8,081,968          200,662           907,600        8,282,630
  Tulsa, OK                    4,002,873        1,100,000        2,394,512               --         1,100,000        2,394,512
  Columbia, MD                 3,972,243        1,545,509        2,093,700          286,589         1,545,509        2,380,289
  Rochester, MI                3,807,600        2,438,740        2,188,050            1,949         2,438,740        2,189,999
  Ypsilanti, MI                3,439,000        2,050,000        2,222,097           29,624         2,050,000        2,251,721
  Germantown, MD               3,740,176        1,400,000        2,288,890           45,000         1,400,000        2,333,890
  Petoskey, MI                 2,392,100               --        2,332,473          (17,505)               --        2,314,968
  Flint, MI                    3,608,100        2,026,625        1,879,700           (1,201)        2,026,625        1,878,499
  Flint, MI                    3,104,600        1,477,680        2,241,293               --         1,477,680        2,241,293
  New Baltimore, MI            2,648,600        1,250,000        2,285,781               --         1,250,000        2,285,781
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

SUB TOTAL                    104,456,049       43,904,895      142,835,366        5,771,697        44,228,598      148,283,359
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


<CAPTION>

                                             Column F         Column G        Column H
                                           ---------------  ------------  ------------
                                                                                  Life
                                                                              on Which
                                                                          Depreciation
                                                                             in Latest
                                                                                Income
                                              Accumulated      Date of       Statement
Description                      Total       Depreciation   Construction   is Computed
======================================================================================

<S>                           <C>           <C>             <C>            <C>
  Grand Blanc, MI              3,117,172          151,313      1998          40 Years
  Pontiac, MI                  2,839,639          139,464      1998          40 Years
  Mt. Pleasant Shopping
     Center, MI                9,190,230          917,372      1973          40 Years
  Tulsa, OK                    3,494,512          207,244      1998          40 Years
  Columbia, MD                 3,925,798          134,111      1999          40 Years
  Rochester, MI                4,628,739          136,851      1999          40 Years
  Ypsilanti, MI                4,301,721          112,630      1999          40 Years
  Germantown, MD               3,733,890          112,283      2000          40 Years
  Petoskey, MI                 2,314,968           98,825      2000          40 Years
  Flint, MI                    3,905,124           46,963      2000          40 Years
  Flint, MI                    3,718,973           49,028      2001          40 Years
  New Baltimore, MI            3,535,781           21,427      2001          40 Years
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

SUB TOTAL                    192,511,957       33,634,461
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>



      Column A               Column B              Column C                  Column D                   Column E
----------------------    --------------   ---------------------------   --------------       --------------------------------


                                                                                              Gross Amount at Which Carried
                                                      Initial Cost               Costs              at Close of Period
                                            ---------------------------    Capitalized       ------------------------------
                                                         Buildings and    Subsequent to                    Buildings and
Description                  Encumbrance         Land     Improvements      Acquisition           Land      Improvements
===========================================================================================================================


<S>                       <C>             <C>           <C>               <C>               <C>          <C>
  RETAIL FACILITIES
  UNDER DEVELOPMENT
     Waterford, MI             381,932        800,081        352,494                -           800,081       352,494
     Flint, MI                 889,790      1,729,851        955,317                -         1,729,851       955,317
     Other                           -         80,000         56,128                -            80,000        56,128
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                             1,271,722      2,609,932      1,363,939                -         2,609,932     1,363,939
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

TOTAL                     $105,727,771    $46,514,827   $144,199,305      $5,771,697        $46,838,530  $149,647,298
=====================================================================================================================
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                               Column F         Column G         Column H
                                           ---------------    ------------     -------------
                                                                                        Life
                                                                                    on Which
                                                                                Depreciation
                                                                                   in Latest
                                                                                      Income
                                               Accumulated        Date of          Statement
Description                       Total       Depreciation     Construction      is Computed
============================================================================================

<S>                           <C>           <C>             <C>            <C>

RETAIL FACILITIES
UNDER DEVELOPMENT
   Waterford, MI                 1,152,575               -              N/A              N/A
   Flint, MI                     2,685,168               -              N/A              N/A
   Other                           136,128               -              N/A              N/A
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                 3,973,871               -
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

TOTAL                         $196,485,828     $33,634,461
==============================================================================================
</TABLE>





                                     F - 23


<PAGE>


                                                       AGREE REALTY CORPORATION

                                                          NOTES TO SCHEDULE III
                                                              DECEMBER 31, 2001




1)    RECONCILIATION OF REAL ESTATE PROPERTIES


      The following table reconciles the Real Estate Properties from January 1,
      1999 to December 31, 2001:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                 2001                  2000                1999
=================================================================================================================

<S>                                                 <C>                    <C>                  <C>
Balance at January 1                                 $    191,047,902       $   179,858,106      $   166,921,002
Construction and acquisition costs                          5,437,926            11,189,796           12,937,104
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Balance at December 31                               $    196,485,828       $   191,047,902      $   179,858,106
================================================================================================================
</TABLE>


2)    RECONCILIATION OF ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION

      The following table reconciles the accumulated depreciation from January
      1, 1999 to December 31, 2001:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                 2001                  2000                 1999
=================================================================================================================

<S>                                                 <C>                    <C>                  <C>
Balance at January 1                                 $     29,907,682       $     26,342,296     $    23,022,291
Current year depreciation expense                           3,726,779              3,565,386           3,320,005
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Balance at December 31                               $     33,634,461       $     29,907,682     $    26,342,296
================================================================================================================
</TABLE>



3)    TAX BASIS OF BUILDINGS AND IMPROVEMENTS

      The aggregate cost of Building and Improvements for federal income tax
      purposes is approximately $1,249,000 less than the cost basis used for
      financial statement purposes.



                                      F - 24


<PAGE>


                                 Exhibit Index


Exhibit                    Exhibit
Number                     Description


10.25                      *  Mortgage dated as of December 20, 2001, by Agree
                              Limited Partnership to and in favor of Nationwide
                              Life Insurance Company


21.1                       *  Subsidiaries of Agree Realty Corporation

23                         *  Consent of BDO Seidman, LLP



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
