<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K405
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>a70945e10-k405.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 10-K405 PERIOD ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1

                                 UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

                                    FORM 10-K

|X|  ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
     ACT OF 1934 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000

|_|  TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
     EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM ____________ TO
     _____________

     COMMISSION FILE NUMBER 0-6354


                          AMERICAN VANGUARD CORPORATION
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)


                  DELAWARE                                 95-2588080
         (State or other jurisdiction of               (I.R.S. Employer
         Incorporation or organization)             Identification Number)


4695 MacArthur Court, Newport Beach, California              92660
-----------------------------------------------              -----
  (Address of principal executive offices)                (Zip Code)


                                 (949) 260-1200
                                 --------------
              (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)


Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

                              Title of each class:
                          Common Stock, $.10 par value

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: NONE

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required
to be filed by Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days.

            Yes   X    No
                 ---       ---

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. [X]

The number of shares of $.10 par value Common Stock outstanding as of March 26,
2001, was 2,605,882. The aggregate market value of the voting stock of the
registrant held by non-affiliates at March 26, 2001, was $14,400,800. For
purposes of this calculation, shares owned by executive officers, directors, and
5% stockholders known to the registrant have been deemed to be owned by
affiliates.


<PAGE>   2


                          AMERICAN VANGUARD CORPORATION

                           ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K
                                DECEMBER 31, 2000

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

PART I                                                                PAGE NO.
<S>                                                                   <C>

     Item  1.    Business                                                1

     Item  2.    Properties                                              8

     Item  3.    Legal Proceedings                                       9

     Item  4.    Submission of Matters to a Vote of
                  Security Holders                                      12
PART II

     Item  5.    Market for Registrant's Common
                  Equity and Related Stockholder Matters                13

     Item  6.    Selected Financial Data                                15

     Item  7.    Management's Discussion and  Analysis
                  of Financial Condition and Results of
                  Operation                                             17

     Item 7A.    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
                  About Market Risk                                     22

     Item  8.    Financial Statements and Supplementary
                  Data                                                  22

     Item  9.    Changes in and Disagreements With
                  Accountants on Accounting and
                  Financial Disclosure                                  22
PART III

     Item 10.    Directors and Executive Officers of the
                  Registrant                                            23

     Item 11.    Executive Compensation                                 26

     Item 12.    Security Ownership of Certain
                  Beneficial Owners and Management                      29

     Item 13.    Certain Relationships and Related
                  Transactions                                          31
PART IV

     Item 14.    Exhibits, Financial Statement
                  Schedules, and Reports on Form 8-K                    32

SIGNATURES                                                              34
</TABLE>


<PAGE>   3

                                     PART I

        This Report contains forward-looking statements and includes assumptions
concerning the Company's operations, future results and prospects. These
forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and are subject to
a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors. In connection with the
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, the Company provides the
following cautionary statements identifying important factors which, among other
things, could cause the actual results and events to differ materially from
those set forth in or implied by the forward-looking statements and related
assumptions contained in the entire Report. Such factors include, but are not
limited to: product demand and market acceptance risks; the effect of economic
conditions; weather conditions; the impact of competitive products and pricing;
changes in foreign exchange rates; product development and commercialization
difficulties; capacity and supply constraints or difficulties; availability of
capital resources; general business and economic conditions; and changes in
government laws and regulations, including taxes.


ITEM 1  BUSINESS

        American Vanguard Corporation was incorporated under the laws of the
State of Delaware in January 1969 and operates as a holding company. Unless the
context otherwise requires, references to the "Company", or the "Registrant" in
this Annual Report refer to American Vanguard Corporation and its consolidated
subsidiaries. The Company conducts its business through its subsidiaries, AMVAC
Chemical Corporation ("AMVAC"), GemChem, Inc. ("GemChem"), 2110 Davie
Corporation ("DAVIE"), AMVAC Chemical UK Ltd., ("Chemical UK") and Quimica Amvac
De Mexico S.A. de C.V. ("Quimica Amvac") (Refer to Export Operations), and
Environmental Mediation, Inc.


AMVAC

        AMVAC is a California corporation that traces its history from 1945.
AMVAC is a specialty chemical manufacturer that develops and markets products
for agricultural and commercial uses. It manufactures and formulates chemicals
for crops, human and animal health protection. These chemicals which include
insecticides, fungicides, molluscicides, growth regulators, and soil fumigants,
are marketed in liquid, powder, and granular forms. AMVAC's business is
continually undergoing an evolutionary change. Years ago AMVAC considered itself
a distributor-formulator, but now AMVAC primarily manufactures, distributes, and
formulates its own proprietary products or custom manufactures or formulates for
others.

        In May 2000, AMVAC acquired the worldwide Dacthal(R)("DCPA") herbicide
business from GB Biosciences Corporation. The purchase included the worldwide
rights, including U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA") registration
rights and similar regulatory

                                       1
<PAGE>   4

entities in other countries, manufacturing and process technology, trademarks
and all product related intellectual property. Dacthal as been sold for weed
control in crops such as onions, garlic, cauliflower, cotton and strawberries
for approximately thirty years.

        In February 2000, AMVAC acquired the Fortress(R) soil insecticide
business from DuPont. The Company acquired all U.S. EPA and state registrations,
manufacturing and process technology, trademarks and all product related
intellectual property. The acquisition included certain rights and obligations
to a closed ("SmartBox") delivery system as well as DuPont's existing finished
and semi-finished inventory including the closed delivery system containers.
Fortress insecticide provides control of the corn rootworm, a devastating pest
in corn.

        In November 1998, AMVAC acquired the U.S. Dibrom(R) insecticide business
from Valent USA Corporation ("Valent"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sumitomo
Chemical Company, Limited. The purchase included all EPA registration rights
issued under the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide and Rodenticide Act ("FIFRA")
and state registrations of the product line, an extensive data package,
inventory, trademarks and all product related intellectual property. AMVAC had
manufactured and formulated Dibrom(R) prior to its acquisition, dating back to
1981, for Valent and formerly for Chevron, which had held the U.S. rights to
Dibrom(R) prior to Valent. AMVAC has owned the international rights to the
Dibrom(R) product line since 1991.

        AMVAC has attempted to position itself in smaller niche markets being
divested by larger chemical companies. In addition to the product line
acquisitions disclosed above, in 1997 AMVAC purchased the rights, title and
interest to Vapam(R) (Metam Sodium), a soil fumigant, from Zeneca, Inc. The
purchase included inventories of Vapam(R), EPA registration rights issued under
FIFRA and certain other assets. AMVAC has manufactured Metam Sodium at its Los
Angeles facility since 1988. In 1993 AMVAC purchased from E.I. du Pont de
Nemours & Company ("Du Pont") the rights, title and interest (including Du
Pont's EPA registration rights) in Bidrin(R), an insecticide for cotton crops,
and in 1991 AMVAC purchased from Rhone-Poulenc AG Company its Napthalene Acetic
Acid ("NAA") plant growth regulator product line including Rhone-Poulenc's EPA
registration rights.

        The chemical industry in general is cyclical in nature. The demand for
AMVAC's products tends to be slightly seasonal. Seasonal usage, however, does
not necessarily follow calendar dates, but more closely follows varying growing
seasonal patterns, weather conditions and weather related pressure from pests,
and customer marketing programs and requirements.

        The Company does not believe that backlog is a significant factor in its
business. The Company primarily sells its products on

                                       2
<PAGE>   5


the basis of purchase orders, although it has entered into requirements
contracts with certain customers.

        ConAgra, Inc., Tenkoz and Helena Chemical accounted for 24%, 13% and
11%, respectively, of the Company's sales in 2000. ConAgra, Inc., Helena
Chemical, and Tenkoz accounted for 29%, 12% and 11%, respectively, of the
Company's sales in 1999. ConAgra, Inc. and Tenkoz accounted for 29% and 12%,
respectively, of the Company's sales in 1998. ConAgra and Helena Chemical are
distributors of the Company's products. Tenkoz is a buying cooperative of
various companies/producers.

        COMPETITION

        AMVAC faces competition from many domestic and foreign manufacturers in
its marketplaces. Competition in AMVAC's marketplace is based primarily on
efficacy, price, safety and ease of application. Many of such competitors are
larger and have substantially greater financial and technical resources than
AMVAC. AMVAC's ability to compete depends on its ability to develop additional
applications for its current products and expand its product lines and customer
base. AMVAC competes principally on the basis of the quality of its products and
the technical service and support given to its customers. The inability of AMVAC
to effectively compete in several of AMVAC's principal products would have a
material adverse effect on AMVAC's results of operations.

        Generally, the treatment against pests of any kind is broad in scope,
there being more than one way or one product for treatment, eradication, or
suppression. As previously mentioned, the Company has attempted to position
AMVAC in smaller niche markets which are abandoned by larger companies. These
markets are small by nature, require significant and intensive management input,
ongoing product research, and are near product maturity. These types of markets
tend not to attract larger chemical companies due to the smaller volume demand,
and larger chemical companies have been divesting themselves of products that
fall into such niches as is evidenced by AMVAC's successful acquisitions of
Dacthal(R), Fortress(R), Dibrom(R), Vapam(R), Bidrin(R) and NAA.

        AMVAC's proprietary product formulations are protected,to the extent
possible, as trade secrets and, to a lesser extent, by patents and trademarks.
Although AMVAC considers that, in the aggregate, its trademarks, licenses, and
patents constitute a valuable asset, it does not regard its business as being
materially dependent upon any single or several trademarks, licenses, or
patents. AMVAC's products also receive protection afforded by the effect of
FIFRA legislation that makes it unlawful to sell any pesticide in the United
States unless such pesticide has first been registered by the EPA as well as
under similar state laws. Substantially all of AMVAC's products are subject to
EPA registration and re-registration requirements and are conditionally
registered in


                                       3
<PAGE>   6


accordance with FIFRA. This licensing by EPA is based, among other things, on
data demonstrating that the product will not cause unreasonable adverse effects
on human health or the environment when it is used according to approved label
directions. All states where any of AMVAC's products are used require a
registration by that specific state before it can be marketed or used. State
registrations are renewed annually, as appropriate. The EPA and state agencies
have required, and may require in the future, that certain scientific data
requirements be performed on registered products sold by AMVAC. AMVAC, on its
own behalf and in joint efforts with other registrants, has, and is currently
furnishing, certain required data relative to specific products.

        Under FIFRA, the federal government requires registrants to submit a
wide range of scientific data to support U.S. registrations. This requirement
has significantly increased AMVAC's operating expenses in such areas as testing
and the production of new products. AMVAC expensed $2,495,200, $2,241,100 and
$2,611,900 during 2000, 1999 and 1998 respectively, related to gathering this
information. Based on facts known today, AMVAC estimates it will spend
approximately $3,500,000 in 2001. Because scientific analyses are constantly
improving, it cannot be determined with certainty whether or not new or
additional tests may be required by the regulatory authorities. Additionally,
while FIFRA Good Laboratory Practice standards specify the minimum practices and
procedures which must be followed in order to ensure the quality and integrity
of data related to these tests submitted to the EPA, there can be no assurance
the EPA will not request certain tests/studies be repeated. AMVAC expenses these
costs on an incurred basis. See also PART I, Item 7 of this Annual Report for
discussions pertaining to research and development expenses.

        RAW MATERIALS

        The Company utilizes numerous firms as well as internal sources to
supply the various raw materials and components used by AMVAC in manufacturing
its products. Many of these materials are readily available from domestic
sources. In those instances where there is a single source of supply or where
the source is not domestic, the Company seeks to secure its supply by either
long-term arrangements or advance purchases from its suppliers. The Company
believes that it is considered to be a valued customer to such sole-source
suppliers.

        ENVIRONMENTAL

        During 2000, AMVAC continued activities to address environmental issues
associated with its facility (the Facility) in Commerce, California.

        In March 1997, the California Environmental Protection Agency Department
of Toxic Substances Control (DTSC) accepted the


                                       4
<PAGE>   7


Facility into its Expedited Remedial Action Program (ERAP). Under this program,
the Facility must prepare and implement an environmental investigation plan.
Depending on the findings of the investigation, the Facility may also be
required to develop and implement remedial measures to address any historical
environmental impairment. The environmental investigation and any remediation
activities related to ten underground storage tanks at the Facility, which had
been closed in 1995, will also be addressed by AMVAC under ERAP. Soil
characterization activities, originally expected to commence in the second or
third quarter of 1999, will most likely commence in the second or third quarter
of 2001. These activities were not implemented in 2000 due to revisions in the
site investigation plan, which have yet to be approved by the DTSC.
Investigation and potential remediation activities are planned to be implemented
in a phased approach over the next two to three years commencing upon approval
by the DTSC. These investigation and potential remediation activities are
required at all facilities which currently have, or in the past had, hazardous
waste storage permits. Because AMVAC previously held a hazardous waste
management permit, AMVAC is subject to these requirements.

        The Company is subject to numerous federal and state laws and
governmental regulations concerning environmental matters and employee health
and safety. The Company continually adapts its manufacturing process to the
environmental control standards of the various regulatory agencies. The U.S. EPA
and other federal and state agencies have the authority to promulgate
regulations that could have an impact on the Company's operations.

        AMVAC expends substantial funds to minimize the discharge of materials
in the environment and to comply with the governmental regulations relating to
protection of the environment. Wherever feasible, AMVAC recovers raw materials
and increases product yield in order to partially offset increasing pollution
abatement costs.

        The Company is committed to a long-term environmental protection program
that reduces emissions of hazardous materials into the environment, as well as
to the remediation of identified existing environmental concerns. Federal and
state authorities may seek fines and penalties for violation of the various laws
and governmental regulations. As part of its continuing environmental program,
except as disclosed in PART I, Item 3, Legal Proceedings, of this Annual Report,
the Company has been able to comply with such proceedings and orders without any
materially adverse effect on its business.

        EMPLOYEES

        As of March 26, 2001, the Company employed approximately 180 persons.
This figure includes approximately 10 temporary (equivalent full-time)
individuals hired as contract personnel. AMVAC, on an ongoing basis, due to the
seasonality of its business, uses temporary contract personnel to perform
certain duties primarily


                                       5
<PAGE>   8

related to packaging of its products. The Company believes it is cost beneficial
to employ temporary contract personnel. None of the Company's employees are
subject to a collective bargaining agreement.

        The Company believes it maintains positive relations with its employees.

        EXPORT OPERATIONS

        The Company opened an office in 1998 in Mexico to conduct business in
Mexico and related areas. The office operates under the name Quimica AMVAC De
Mexico S.A. de C.V. and markets chemical products for agricultural and
commercial uses.

        The Company opened an office in August 1994, in the United Kingdom to
conduct business in the European chemical market. The office, operating under
the name AMVAC Chemical UK Ltd., focuses on developing product registration and
distributor networks for AMVAC's product lines throughout Europe. The office is
located in Surrey, England, a city southwest of London. The operating results of
this operation were not material to the Company's total operating results for
the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998.

        The Company classifies as export sales all products bearing foreign
labeling shipped to a foreign destination.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                     2000           1999           1998
                                  ----------     ----------     ----------
   <S>                            <C>            <C>            <C>

   Export Sales                   $6,210,200     $5,399,400     $5,085,700

</TABLE>


        RISK MANAGEMENT

        The Company continually evaluates insurance levels for product
liability, property damage and other potential areas of risk. Management
believes its facilities and equipment are adequately insured against loss from
usual business risks. The Company has purchased claims made products liability
insurance. There can be no assurance, however, that such products liability
coverage insurance will continue to be available to the Company, or if
available, that it will be provided at an economical cost to the Company.

GEMCHEM, INC.

        GemChem is a California corporation incorporated in 1991 and purchased
by the Company in 1994. GemChem is a national chemical distributor. GemChem, in
addition to purchasing key raw materials for the Company, also sells into the
pharmaceutical, cosmetic and nutritional markets. Prior to the acquisition,
GemChem acted in the capacity as the domestic sales force for the Company (from
September 1991).




                                       6
<PAGE>   9

2110 DAVIE CORPORATION

        DAVIE currently owns real estate for corporate use only. See also
PART I, Item 2 of this Annual Report.

ENVIRONMENTAL MEDIATION, INC.

        EMI is an environmental consulting firm.


                                       7
<PAGE>   10


ITEM 2  PROPERTIES

        The Company's corporate headquarters are located in Newport Beach,
California. This facility is leased. See PART IV, Item 14, note 11 of this
report for further information.

        AMVAC owns in fee approximately 152,000 square feet of improved land in
Commerce, California, on which substantially all of its plant and some of its
warehouse facilities and offices are located.

        DAVIE owns in fee approximately 72,000 square feet of warehouse, office
and laboratory space on approximately 118,000 square feet of land in Commerce,
California, which is leased to AMVAC.

        AMVAC's manufacturing facilities are divided into five cost-centers;
Vapam(R) (Metam Sodium), PCNB, granular products, small packaging, and the
production and formulation of all other products. All production areas are
designed to run on a continuous twenty-four hour per day basis.

        AMVAC regularly adds chemical processing equipment to enhance its
production capabilities. AMVAC believes its facilities are in good operating
condition and are suitable and adequate for AMVAC's foreseeable needs, have
flexibility to change products, and can produce at greater rates as required.
Facilities and equipment are insured against losses from fire as well as other
usual business risks. The Company knows of no material defects in title to, or
encumbrances on, any of its properties except that substantially all of the
Company's assets are pledged as collateral under the Company's loan agreements
with its primary lender. For further information, refer to note 3 of the Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements in PART IV, Item 14 of this Annual
Report.

        AMVAC purchased unimproved land in Texas for possible future expansion.

        GemChem's, Chemical UK's and Quimica AMVAC's facilities consist of
administration and sales offices which are leased.

        The Company believes its properties to be suitable and adequate for its
current purposes.


                                       8
<PAGE>   11


ITEM 3        LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

DBCP LAWSUITS

A. CALIFORNIA MATTERS

        In February 1997, AMVAC was served with a complaint in an action filed
in the San Francisco Superior Court entitled the Sultana Community Services
District v. Shell Oil Co., et.al. The complaint alleges that the Sultana
Community Services District's water supply was contaminated with
Dibromochloropropane ("DBCP"). The complaint names as defendants AMVAC, Shell
Oil Company, The Dow Chemical Company, Occidental Chemical Company, Chevron
Chemical Company and Velsicol Chemical Corporation. Plaintiff has not produced
documentation to support its claim for damages. Any damages proven may be
significantly offset by the Plaintiff's receipt of a Government grant for a new
well. As of December 31, 2000, the case was still pending. However, the five
year period in which to bring this case to trial expired on January 25, 2001 so
this suit can no longer be prosecuted.

B. HAWAII MATTERS

        AMVAC and the Company were served with complaints in February 1997. The
actions were filed in the Circuit Court of the Second Circuit, State of Hawaii
entitled Board of Water Supply of the County of Maui v. Shell Oil Co., et.al.
The suit named as defendants the Company, AMVAC, Shell Oil Company, The Dow
Chemical Company, Occidental Chemical Company, Occidental Petroleum Corporation,
Occidental Chemical Corporation, and Brewer Environmental Industry, Inc. The
Maui Pineapple Company was joined as a cross-defendant. The Complaint alleged
that between two and four of the Board's wells had been contaminated with DBCP.
On August 2, 1999, a global settlement was reached, which included the
remediation of the existing contaminated wells in addition to the installation
of filtration devices on other wells for the next forty years on the island of
Maui. The cash settlement was three million dollars of which AMVAC's (and the
Company's) portion was $500,000. [As to matters independent of indemnity issues,
the Company recovered $400,000 from one of its insurers.] The settlement
agreement obligates the defendants to pay for the ongoing operation and
maintenance of the filtration devices for up to forty years. The annual costs of
operation and maintenance per well is estimated to be approximately $69,000, to
be adjusted annually by the consumer price index. The defendants are also
obligated to pay between ninety and one-hundred percent for the cost of the
installation of filtration devices on other wells that may exceed the defined
maximum contaminant level in the next forty years. AMVAC's share of the ongoing
operation and maintenance charges and installation of additional devices on
other wells is seventeen and one-half percent. The obligations of the defendants
under this agreement are secured by a twenty million dollar letter of credit
obtained by Dow Chemical.


                                       9
<PAGE>   12


AMVAC will pay seventeen and one-half percent of the annual cost of the letter
of credit directly to Dow Chemical.

        In October 1997, AMVAC was served with a Complaint(s) in which it was
named as a Defendant, filed in the Circuit Court, First Circuit, state of Hawaii
and in the Circuit Court of the Second Circuit, State of Hawaii (two identical
suits) entitled Patrickson, et.al. v. Dole Food Co., et.al. alleging damages
sustained from injuries caused by Plaintiff's exposure to DBCP while applying
the product in their native countries. Other named defendants are: Dole Food
Co., Dole Fresh Fruit, Dole Fresh Fruit International, Pineapple Growers
Association of Hawaii, Shell Oil Company, Dow Chemical Company, Occidental
Chemical Corporation, Standard Fruit Company, Standard Fruit & Steamship,
Standard Fruit Company De Costa Rica, Standard Fruit company De Honduras,
Chiquita Brands, Chiquita Brands International, Martrop Trading Corporation, and
Del Monte Fresh Produce. The ten named Plaintiffs are citizens of four
countries -- Guatemala, Costa Rica, Panama, and Equador. The case was also filed
as a class action on behalf of other workers so exposed in these four countries.
The defendants subsequently removed the case to the United States District Court
in Hawaii. On March 8, 1999 the Judge in the U.S. District Court dismissed the
case based on the defendant's agreement to pay any judgement that might be
entered in the Plaintiff's nation of origin. The court order allows Plaintiffs
to return to the United States if the foreign courts do not accept jurisdiction.
Plaintiffs subsequently appealed to the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeal. Oral
argument was heard in the Ninth Circuit on August 9, 2000. The appellate
decision has not yet been issued. The Plaintiffs reported that plaintiffs filed
suit in their home countries. These suits have not yet been served on AMVAC. No
discovery has taken place on the individual claims of the Plaintiffs. However,
AMVAC product did not reach two of the four countries involved. Without
discovery, it is unknown if any Plaintiff was exposed to AMVAC DBCP and too
early to provide any evaluation of the likelihood of an unfavorable outcome.
There may be statute of limitation defenses available to defendants. In order to
proceed with the cases, the Plaintiffs must either litigate their claims in
their native countries or convince the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeal to reverse
the trial court on the motion to dismiss. AMVAC intends to contest the cases
vigorously.

C. MISSISSIPPI MATTERS

        In May 1996, AMVAC was served with five complaints in which it is named
as a Defendant. Other named defendants are: Coahoma Chemical Co. Inc., Shell Oil
Company, Dow Chemical Co., Occidental Chemical Co., Standard Fruit Co., Standard
Fruit and Steamship Co., Dole Food Co., Inc., Dole Fresh Fruit Co., Chiquita
Brands, Inc., Chiquita Brands International, Inc. and Del Monte Fresh Produce,
N.A. The cases were filed in the Circuit Court of Harrison County, First
Judicial District of Mississippi. Each case alleged damages


                                       10
<PAGE>   13


sustained from injuries caused by Plaintiff's exposure to DBCP while applying
the product in their native countries. These cases have been removed to U.S.
District Court for the Southern District of Mississippi, Southern Division. The
Federal Court granted defense motions to dismiss in each case pursuant to the
doctrine of forum non conveniens. Throughout 1999 the case was pending on
appeal. On January 19, 2001, the Court issued an unpublished decision, finding
that there was jurisdiction in federal court, but remanded just one case back to
the trial court to determine if a stipulation which limited the plaintiff's
recovery to fifty thousand dollars was binding. If the stipulation is binding,
that case will be remanded to state court. If the stipulation is not binding,
that case will be dismissed along with the others, requiring the plaintiffs to
litigate in their native countries. No discovery has taken place on the
individual claims of these Plaintiffs. However, AMVAC product was not used in at
least two of the countries involved. Without discovery, it is unknown whether
any of the Plaintiffs was exposed to the Company's product or what statute of
limitation defense may apply. AMVAC intends to contest the cases vigorously. It
is too early to provide an evaluation of the likelihood of an unfavorable
outcome at this time.

D. LOUISIANA MATTERS

        In November 1999, AMVAC was served with three complaints filed in the
29th Judicial District Court for the Parish of St. Charles, State of Louisiana
entitled Pedro Rodrigues et. al.. V. Amvac Chemical Corporation et. al.., Andres
Puerto, et. al.. V. Amvac Chemical Corporation, et. al.. and Eduardo Soriano,
et. al.. v. Amvac Chemical Corporation et. al.. Other named defendants are: Dow
Chemical Company, Occidental Chemical Corporation, Shell Oil company, Standard
Fruit, Dole Food, Chiquita Brands, Tela Railroad Company, Compania Palma Tica,
and Del Monte Fresh Produce. These suits were filed in 1996, they were not
served until November 1999. The complaints allege personal injuries from alleged
exposure to DBCP (punitive damages are also sought). The Plaintiffs are
primarily from the countries of the Philippines, Costa Rica, Honduras, and
Equador. In November 1999, the cases were removed to the United States District
Court for the Eastern District of Louisiana. The Plaintiffs filed a motion to
remand the cases back to the state court in December 1999, however, they
subsequently withdrew their motion to remand in February 2000 stating that they
would wait for an appellate court determination on similar issues in the
Mississippi cases (and other cases where AMVAC is not a party in the lawsuits).
These cases remain in a holding pattern, pending resolution of various
jurisdictional issues in the other aforementioned suits. No discovery has taken
place on the individual claims of the Plaintiffs. It is unknown whether any of
the Plaintiffs claim exposure to AMVAC's product and whether their claims are
barred by applicable statutes of limitation. AMVAC intends to contest the cases
vigorously. It is too early to provide an evaluation of the likelihood of an
unfavorable outcome at this time.


                                       11
<PAGE>   14

ITEM 4  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

        No matters were submitted during the fourth quarter of 2000 to a vote of
security holders, through the solicitation of proxies or otherwise.


                                       12
<PAGE>   15

                                     PART II

ITEM 5  MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY
        AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

        On January 27, 1998 the Company announced the listing of its $0.10 par
value common stock ("Common Stock") on the American Stock Exchange under the
ticker symbol AVD. The Company's Common Stock traded on The NASDAQ Stock Market
under the symbol AMGD from March 3, 1987 through January 26, 1998.

        The following table sets forth the range of high and low sales prices as
reported for the Company's Common Stock for the calendar quarters indicated.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

        Calendar 2000                HIGH             LOW         CLOSE
        -------------               -------         -------      -------
<S>                                 <C>             <C>          <C>
         First Quarter              $ 10 3/8        $ 5 7/16     $ 7 7/8
         Second Quarter               10              7 3/4        8 7/8
         Third Quarter                 8 3/8          7 7/8        8 1/8
         Fourth Quarter               13 1/8          9 7/8       12 9/16

        Calendar 1999
        -------------
         First Quarter              $  8            $ 4 7/8      $ 4 7/8
         Second Quarter                6 1/8          4 5/8        5 3/8
         Third Quarter                 7              5            5
         Fourth Quarter                6 3/8          4 7/8        6 1/8

</TABLE>

        As of March 26, 2001, the number of shareholders of the Company's Common
Stock was approximately 600 which includes beneficial owners with shares held in
brokerage accounts under street name and nominees.

        On March 20, 2001, the Company announced that the Board of Directors
declared a cash dividend of $.11 per share as well as a 10% stock dividend. Both
dividends will be distributed on April 13,2001 to shareholders of record at the
close of business on March 30, 2001. The cash dividend will be paid on the
number of shares outstanding prior to the 10% stock dividend. Shareholders
entitled to fractional shares resulting from the 10% stock dividend will receive
cash in lieu of such fractional share based on the closing price of the
Company's stock on March 30, 2001.

        The Company distributed a cash dividend of $.05 per share on October 20,
2000 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on October 6, 2000.

        The Company distributed a cash dividend of $.13 per share as well as a
10% stock dividend on April 14, 2000 to stockholders of record at the close of
business on March 31, 2000. The cash dividend was paid on the number of shares
outstanding prior to the stock


                                       13
<PAGE>   16


dividend. Stockholders entitled to fractional shares resulting from the stock
dividend received cash in lieu of such fractional share based on $7.875 per
share, the closing price of the Company's stock on March 31, 2000. The Company
distributed 256,857 shares of common stock in connection with the common stock
dividend. As a result, common stock was increased by $25,700, additional
paid-in-capital was increased by $1,997,000 and retained earnings was decreased
by $2,022,700. All stock related data in the consolidated financial statements
reflect the stock dividend for all periods presented.

        The Company distributed a cash dividend of $.06 per share on April 19,
1999 to shareholders of record at the close of business on April 8, 1999.

        The Company distributed a cash dividend $.07 per share on March 25, 1998
to shareholders of record at the close of business on March 13, 1998.

        The Company distributed a cash dividend of $.06 per share on March 31,
1997 to shareholders of record at the close of business on March 20, 1997.

        The Company has issued a cash dividend in each of the last five years
(1996, 1997, 1998, 1999 and 2000) as well as declaring on March 19,2001, as
aforementioned, an $.11 per share cash dividend. The payment of dividends is
subject to certain loan covenants described in note 3 to the Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements, which limit payments of cash dividends to a
maximum of 25% of net income.


                                       14
<PAGE>   17


                          AMERICAN VANGUARD CORPORATION
                                AND SUBSIDIARIES


ITEM 6   SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT FOR WEIGHTED AVERAGE
         NUMBER OF SHARES AND PER SHARE DATA)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                            2000              1999              1998             1997              1996
                                            ----              ----              ----             ----              ----
<S>                                    <C>              <C>                <C>              <C>                <C>

Operating revenues                     $   77,980       $   69,212         $   67,016       $   67,701         $  48,628
                                       ==========       ==========         ==========       ==========         =========
Operating income                       $    8,828       $    6,878         $    5,158       $    4,785         $   3,523
                                       ==========       ==========         ==========       ==========         =========
Income from operations
  before income tax
  expense                              $    7,185       $    5,223         $    3,263       $    3,283         $   2,611
                                       ==========       ==========         ==========       ==========         =========
Net income                             $    4,311       $    3,236         $    2,127       $    2,025         $   1,616
                                       ==========       ==========         ==========       ==========         =========
Earnings per common
  share                                $     1.60       $     1.19         $      .77       $      .74         $     .59
                                       ==========       ==========         ==========       ==========         =========
Earnings per common share
  - assuming dilution                  $     1.58       $     1.19         $      .77       $      .74         $     .59
                                       ==========       ==========         ==========       ==========         =========
Total assets                           $   65,522       $   55,579         $   58,847       $   55,206         $  48,028
                                       ==========       ==========         ==========       ==========         =========
Long-term debt and capital
  lease obligations, less
  current portion                      $    2,847       $    4,889         $    6,458       $    3,980         $   4,373
                                       ==========       ==========         ==========       ==========         =========
Stockholders' equity                   $   29,288       $   25,969         $   23,128       $   21,260         $  19,386
                                       ==========       ==========         ==========       ==========         =========
Weighted average shares
  outstanding                           2,690,029         2,722,996         2,752,915        2,758,612         2,720,171
                                       ==========       ===========        ==========       ==========         =========
Weighted average shares
  outstanding - assuming
  dilution                              2,734,639         2,722,996         2,752,915        2,758,612         2,720,171
                                       ==========       ===========        ==========       ==========         =========
Dividends per share of
  common stock                         $      .18       $       .06        $      .07       $      .06         $     .06
                                       ==========       ===========        ==========       ==========         =========
</TABLE>

The selected consolidated financial data set forth above with respect to each of
the calendar years in the five-year period ended December 31, 2000 have been
derived from the Company's consolidated financial statements and are qualified
in their entirety by reference to the more detailed consolidated financial
statements and the independent certified public accountants' reports thereon
which are included elsewhere in this Report on Form 10-K for the three years
ended December 31, 2000. See ITEM 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations."

---------------------

        On March 20,2001, the Company announced that the Board of Directors
declared a cash dividend of $.11 per share as well as a 10% stock dividend. Both
dividends will be distributed on April 13, 2001 to shareholders of record at the
close of business on March 30, 2001. The cash dividend will be paid on the
number of shares outstanding prior to the 10% stock dividend. Shareholders
entitled to fractional shares resulting from the 10% stock dividend will receive
cash in lieu of such fractional share based on the closing price of the
Company's stock on March 30, 2001.


                                       15
<PAGE>   18


        The Company distributed a cash dividend of $.05 per share on October 20,
2000 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on October 6, 2000.

        The Company distributed a cash dividend of $.13 per share as well as a
10% stock dividend on April 14, 2000 to stockholders of record at the close of
business on March 31, 2000. The cash dividend was paid on the number of shares
outstanding prior to the stock dividend. Stockholders entitled to fractional
shares resulting from the stock dividend received cash in lieu of such
fractional share based on $7.875 per share, the closing price of the Company's
stock on March 31, 2000. The Company distributed 256,857 shares of common stock
in connection with the common stock dividend. As a result, common stock was
increased by $25,700, additional paid-in-capital was increased by $1,997,000 and
retained earnings was decreased by $2,022,700. All stock related data in the
consolidated financial statements reflect the stock dividend for all periods
presented.

         The Company distributed a cash dividend of $.06 per share on April 19,
1999 to shareholders of record at the close of business on April 8, 1999.

         The Company distributed a cash dividend $.07 per share on March 25,
1998 to shareholders of record at the close of business on March 13, 1998.

        The Company distributed a cash dividend of $.06 per share on March 31,
1997 to shareholders of record at the close of business on March 20, 1997.


                                       16
<PAGE>   19

ITEM 7  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
        FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

2000 COMPARED WITH 1999:

The Company reported net income of $4,311,200 or $1.60 per share ($1.58 per
share - assuming dilution) in 2000 as compared to net income of $3,235,500 or
$1.19 per share in 1999.

Net sales in 2000 increased $8,768,000 or 13% to $77,979,700 from $69,211,700 in
1999. The record sales levels were as a result of increased sales of the
Company's herbicide, insecticides (both of which reflected the successful
product launches of Dacthal(R) and Fortress(R)), and soil fungicide product
lines.

Gross profits increased $3,310,500 to $36,573,300 in 2000 from $33,262,800 in
1999. Gross profit margins declined to 47% in 2000 from 48% in 1999. This slight
decline in gross profit margins was due to the changes in the sales mix of the
Company's products.

Operating expenses, which are net of other income, increased by $1,460,500 to
$27,745,100 in 2000 from $26,284,600 in 1999. The differences in operating
expenses by specific departmental costs are as follows:

o        Selling expenses increased by $2,840,500 to $10,795,800 in 2000 from
         $7,955,300 in 1999. The increase was due to (i)increased variable
         selling expenses that relate to both increased sales levels and the
         product mix of sales, (ii) expenses related to the Company's newly
         acquired soil insecticide business, and (iii) increased payroll and
         payroll related costs.

o        General and administrative declined by $1,763,400 to $6,256,800 in 2000
         as compared to $8,020,200 in 1999. The decrease was due primarily to a
         decrease in legal expenses, primarily attributable to legal actions in
         which the Company was the Plaintiff, and a decrease in payroll and
         payroll related items.

o        Research and product development costs and regulatory registration
         expenses increased by $552,800 to $5,120,200 in 2000 from $4,567,400 in
         1999. The increase was due to (i)increased costs incurred to generate
         scientific data related to the registration and possible new uses of
         the Company's products, and (ii) increased licenses and registration
         costs.


                                       17
<PAGE>   20

o        Freight, delivery and warehousing costs increased $92,000 to $5,859,900
         in 2000 as compared to $5,767,900 in 1999. The increase was due to the
         increased sales levels.

Interest costs remained virtually unchanged reflecting a $14,800 increase to
$1,681,500 in 2000 as compared to $1,666,700 in 1999. (See note 3 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements.)

Income tax expense increased by $887,100 to $2,874,100 in 2000 as compared to
$1,987,000 in 1999. The Company's effective tax rate was 40% for 2000 as
compared to the 38% effective tax rate for 1999. (See note 4 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements for additional analysis of the changes in income tax
expense.)

Weather patterns can have an impact on the Company's operations. The Company
manufactures and formulates chemicals for crops, human and animal health
protection. The end user of some of the Company's products may, because of
weather patterns, delay or intermittently disrupt field work during the planting
season which may result in a reduction of the use of some of the Company's
products.

Because of elements inherent to the Company's business, such as differing and
unpredictable weather patterns, crop growing cycles, changes in product mix of
sales and ordering patterns that may vary in timing, measuring the Company's
performance on a quarterly basis, (gross profit margins on a quarterly basis may
vary significantly) even when such comparisons are favorable, is not as good an
indicator as full-year comparisons.

1999 COMPARED WITH 1998:

The Company reported net income of $3,235,500 or $1.19 per share in 1999 as
compared to net income of $2,126,500 or $.77 per share in 1998.

Net sales increased $2,196,100 or 3% to $69,211,700 for 1999 from $67,015,600 in
1998. Strong sales of the Company's insecticide product lines, in particular
Bidrin(R) and Dibrom(R) accounted for the increase in sales (and served to more
than offset a decline in sales of Company's fungicide product line).

Gross profits increased $6,156,000 to $33,262,800 in 1999 from $27,106,800 in
1998. Gross profit margins improved to 48% in 1999 from 40% in 1998. The
improved margin was due to the changes in the sales mix of the Company's
products as well as the realization of improved raw material costs and the
Company's continued efforts to improve variable costs of manufacturing.


                                       18
<PAGE>   21

Operating expenses, which are net of other income, increased by $3,268,500 to
$26,284,600 in 1999 from $23,016,100 in 1998. The differences in operating
expenses by specific departmental costs are as follows:


o        Selling expenses increased by $1,104,400 to $7,955,300 in 1999 from
         $6,850,900 in 1998. The increase was due to increases in (i) expenses
         related to the Company's operations in Mexico (which were opened in
         late 1998), and (ii) variable selling expenses that relate to the
         increased sales levels and product mix of sales.

o        General and administrative increased $2,360,600 to $8,020,200 in 1999
         as compared to $5,659,600 in 1998. The increase was due to increases in
         (i) legal expenses, primarily attributable to legal actions in which
         the Company was the Plaintiff, (ii) amortization of intangible assets
         in connection with the acquisition of an insecticide product in
         November 1998, (iii) depreciation expense related to the acquisition of
         a new computer system placed in service in October 1998, and (iv)
         increased payroll and payroll related costs.

o        Research and product development costs and regulatory registration
         expenses declined by $302,100 to $4,567,400 in 1999 from $4,869,500 in
         1998 primarily due to a decline in costs incurred to generate
         scientific data related to the registration and possible new uses of
         the Company's products.

o        Freight, delivery and warehousing costs remained virtually unchanged
         reflecting a modest increase of $8,400 in spite of the improvement in
         sales due primarily to the product mix of sales.

The Company was part of a global settlement in a matter where the Plaintiffs
alleged the contamination of water wells in Hawaii (Board of Water Supply of the
County of Maui v. Shell Oil Co., et. al.). The Company's portion of the
settlement was $500,000. The Company recovered $400,000 from one of its insurers
(as to matters independent of indemnity issues). The net $100,000 of costs
appear as separate line item titled "Settlement" on the Company's Consolidated
Statements of Income for the year ended December 31, 1999.

Interest costs were $1,666,700 in 1999 as compared to $1,900,000 in 1998. The
average level of borrowing under the Company's line of credit agreement
decreased by $4,640,800 to $12,297,300 in 1999 from $16,938,100 in 1998. The
average level of other long- term debt increased by $2,630,800 to $8,143,900 in
1999 from


                                       19
<PAGE>   22


$5,513,100 in 1998, due primarily to the acquisition of a product line from a
wholly-owned subsidiary of a large chemical company in November 1998. On a
combined basis, the Company's average debt for 1999 was $20,441,200 as compared
to $22,451,200, in 1998. Lower overall debt coupled with lower effective
interest rates accounted for the lower interest costs. (See note 3 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements.)

Income tax expense increased by $850,400 to $1,987,000 in 1999 as compared to
$1,136,600 in 1998. The Company's effective tax rate was 38% for 1999 as
compared to the 35% effective tax rate for 1998.

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

The Company used $1,364,600 in operating activities for the year ended December
31, 2000. Net income of $4,311,200, non-cash depreciation and amortization of
$2,949,200, an increase in prepaid expenses of $55,400, a net increase in trade
payables and other payables, accrued expenses and deferred taxes of $2,669,200
provided $9,985,000 of cash for operations. This was more than offset by a
$6,896,700 increase in receivables, because of significant sales in December
2000, and a $4,452,900 increase in inventories.

The Company used $337,000 in investing activities in 2000. It invested $521,500
in capital expenditures while other noncurrent assets declined by $184,500.

Financing activities provided $1,512,400 in 2000. The Company's net borrowings
under its fully-secured revolving line of credit increased by $5,700,000. The
company made payments on its long-term debt by $3,195,100, paid $454,300 in
cash dividends, purchased 57,885 of treasury stock for $569,400 and received
$31,200 in payment for the exercise of stock options.

The Company's fully-secured $24,000,000 long-term line of credit was renewed in
June 2000 and now expires on June 1, 2002. As of December 31, 2000, the Company
had $8,200,000 in availability under its line of credit.

There has been constant public pressure upon the federal and state governments
to require FIFRA product registrants to supply new scientific data (such as
toxicological and environmental fate tests), which has resulted in government
action requiring additional studies and the submission of more data. Based on
facts known today, the Company estimates it will spend approximately $3,500,000
in 2001 on these and other studies. Because scientific analyses are constantly
improving, it cannot be determined with any degree of certainty, whether or not


                                       20
<PAGE>   23


material new or additional tests may be required. For further information, refer
to PART I, Item 1, Business, Competition of the Annual Report.

AMVAC is a manufacturer and formulator of chemicals for crops, human and animal
health protection. This is a high risk industry with ever present industry-wide
litigation. For discussions pertaining to the Company's litigation refer to PART
I, Item 3, Legal Proceedings of this Annual Report.

Management believes current financial resources (working capital and borrowing
arrangements) and anticipated funds from operation will be adequate to meet
total financial needs in 2001. Management also continues to believe, to improve
its working capital position and maintain flexibility in financing interim
needs, it is prudent to explore alternate sources of financing.

RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

In June 1998, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued FASB No. 133,
"Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities." This standard
requires all derivatives to be recorded on the balance sheet as either assets or
liabilities and be measured at fair value. Gains or losses from changes in the
derivative value are to be accounted for based on how the derivative is used and
whether it qualifies for hedge accounting. When this statement is adopted in
January 2001, it had no material impact on the Company's consolidated financial
statements.

In September 2000, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued FASB No. 140,
"Accounting for Transfers and Servicing of Financial Assets and Extinguishments
of Liabilities - a placement of FASB Statement No. 125." This statement revises
the standards for accounting for securitizations and other transfers of
financial assets and provides consistent standards for distinguishing transfers
from sales and secured borrowings. This statement is effective for transactions
occurring after March 31, 2001 and is not expected to have a material impact on
the Company's consolidated financial statements.

In December 1999, the SEC staff released Staff Accounting Bulletin SAB No. 101,
"Revenue Recognition in Financial Statements". SAB 101 provides interpretive
guidance on the recognition, presentation and disclosure of revenue in the
financial statements. SAB 101 must be applied to the financial statements no
later than the quarter ending September 30, 2000. The Company does not believe
that the adoption of SAB 101 will have a material effect on the Company's
financial results.

In March 2000, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Interpretation
FIN No. 44 Accounting for Certain Transactions Involving Stock Compensation, an
Interpretation of APB Opinion No. 25. FIN 44 clarifies the application of
Opinion No. 25 for (a) the definition of employee for purposes of applying
Opinion No. 25, (b) the criteria for determining whether a plan qualifies as a
non-compensatory plan, (c) the accounting consequences of various modifications
to the terms of a previously fixed stock option or award, and (d) the accounting
for an exchange of stock compensation awards in a business combination. FIN 44
is effective July 2, 2000, but certain conclusions cover specific events that
occur after either December 15, 1998, or January 12, 2000. The Company believes
that the impact of FIN 44 will not have a material effect on the Company's
financial position.


                                       21
<PAGE>   24

FOREIGN EXCHANGE

Management does not believe that the fluctuation in the value of the dollar in
relation to the currencies of its customers in the last three fiscal years has
adversely affected the Company's ability to sell products at agreed upon prices.
No assurance can be given, however, that adverse currency exchange rate
fluctuations will not occur in the future. Should adverse currency exchange rate
fluctuations occur in geographies where the Company sells/exports its products,
management is not certain such fluctuations will materially impact the Company's
operating results.

INFLATION

Management believes inflation has not had a significant impact on the Company's
operations during the past three years.

ITEM 7A QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

The Company is exposed to market risk related to changes in interest rates,
primarily from its borrowing activities. The Company's indebtedness to its
primary lender is evidenced by a line of credit with a variable rate of
interest, which fluctuates with changes in the lender's referenced rate. At
December 31, 2000, the Company's outstanding indebtedness on the line of credit
was $15,800,000 with a referenced rate of 9.50%. A 1% change in the referenced
rate during 2000 would have increased or decreased the Company's interest
expense, based on the weighted outstanding balance, by approximately $130,000.
The Company does not use derivative financial instruments for speculative or
trading purposes.

ITEM 8  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

        The Financial Statements and Supplementary Data are listed at PART IV,
Item 14, Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules, and Reports on Form 8-K in
this report.

ITEM 9  CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
        FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

        None.


                                       22
<PAGE>   25

                                    PART III

ITEM 10 DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

        The following persons are the current Directors and Executive Officers
of Registrant:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

             Name of
         Director/Officer              Age              Capacity
         ----------------              ---              ---------
<S>                                    <C>          <C>
         Herbert A. Kraft               77          Co-Chairman

         Glenn A. Wintemute             76          Co-Chairman

         Eric G. Wintemute              45          Director, President and
                                                    Chief Executive Officer

         James A. Barry                 50          Director, Senior Vice
                                                    President, Chief
                                                    Financial Officer,
                                                    Treasurer and Secretary

         Jay R. Harris                  66          Director

         John B. Miles                  57          Director

         Carl R. Soderlind              67          Director

</TABLE>

        Herbert A. Kraft has served as Co-Chairman of the Board since July 1994.
Mr. Kraft served as Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer from 1969
to July 1994.

        Glenn A. Wintemute has served as Co-Chairman of the Board since July
1994. Mr. Wintemute served as President of the Company and all operating
subsidiaries since 1984 and was elected a director in 1971. He served as
President of AMVAC from 1963 to July 1994.

        Eric G. Wintemute has served as a director since June 1994. Mr.
Wintemute has also served as President and Chief Executive Officer since July
1994. He was appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of
the Company in January 1994. He is the son of the Company's Co-Chairman, Glenn
A. Wintemute.

        James A. Barry has served as a director since June 1994. Mr. Barry was
appointed Senior Vice President in February 1998 and Secretary in August 1998.
He has served as Treasurer since July 1994 and as Chief Financial Officer of the
Company and


                                       23
<PAGE>   26



all operating subsidiaries since 1987. He also served as Vice President from
1990 through January 1998 and as Assistant Secretary from June 1990 to July
1998. From 1990 to July 1994, he also served as Assistant Treasurer.

        Jay R. Harris has served as director since March 2000. Mr. Harris is
President and Founder of Goldsmith & Harris, a broker dealer providing
investment research to institutional and professional investors. He has held
this position since 1982, the year Goldsmith & Harris (or its predecessors) was
founded. Mr. Harris is also a professional investor.

        John B. Miles has served as a director since March 1999. Mr. Miles is a
Partner with the law firm McDermott Will & Emery and has held the position of
Partner since 1987. Prior to 1987, Mr. Miles was a partner with Kadison Pfaelzer
Woodward Quinn & Rossi. Mr. Miles has previously served on boards of directors
for public and private corporations.

        Carl R. Soderlind has served as a director since June 2000. Mr.
Soderlind is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Golden Bear Oil
Specialties, a producer of niche specialty oil and chemical products used in a
variety of industrial applications. Mr. Soderlind has held this position since
1997. From 1961 to 1996 he served in various capacities of Witco Corporation,
with his most recent position being Senior Executive Vice President and member
of the Management Committee.


                                       24
<PAGE>   27


Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

        Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires the
Company's executive officers, directors, and persons who own more than ten
percent of a registered class of the Company's equity securities to file reports
of ownership and changes in ownership with the Securities and Exchange
Commission.

        Based solely on the Company's review of the copies of such forms
received by the Company, or representations obtained from certain reporting
persons, the Company believes that during the year ended December 31, 2000 all
filing requirements applicable to its officers, directors, and greater than ten
percent beneficial stockholders were complied with.


                                       25
<PAGE>   28


ITEM 11 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

        The following table sets forth the aggregate cash and other compensation
for services rendered for the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999, and 1998 paid
or awarded by the Corporation and its subsidiaries to the Corporation's Chief
Executive Officer and each of the four most highly compensated executive
officers of the Corporation, whose aggregate remuneration exceeded $100,000 (the
"named executive officers").


                                       26
<PAGE>   29


                           SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                          LONG-TERM COMPENSATION
                                                                                        -------------------------
                                     ANNUAL COMPENSATION(1)                               AWARDS          PAYOUTS
                                     ---------------------                                ------          -------
            (a)            (b)        (c)         (d)          (e)           (f)           (g)              (h)         (i)
                                                               OTHER         RE-        SECURITIES                      ALL
           NAME                                               ANNUAL       STRICTED      UNDERLYING                    OTHER
            AND                                               COMPEN-       STOCK        OPTIONS/          LTIP        COMPEN-
         PRINCIPAL                   SALARY       BONUS       SATION       AWARD(S)        SARS           PAYOUTS      SATION
         POSITION          YEAR        ($)        ($)(6)       ($)            ($)           (#)             ($)         ($)
         --------          ----      -------      ------      -------      --------     -----------       --------     --------
<S>                        <C>       <C>          <C>         <C>          <C>          <C>               <C>          <C>
Eric G. Wintemute          2000      457,333         -             -             -             -              -        5,360(4)
 President and             1999      328,550         -             -             -          55,000(2)         -        5,082(4)
 Chief Executive Officer   1998      284,177         -             -             -             -              -        5,359(4)

James A. Barry             2000      179,000         -             -             -             -              -        5,360(4)
 Senior V.P., CFO &        1999      148,000         -             -             -             -              -        4,700(4)
 Secretary/Treasurer       1998      152,275         -             -             -             -              -        4,803(4)

David B. Cassidy           2000      239,454         -             -             -             -              -        5,360(4)
 Executive Vice            1999      188,885         -             -             -             -              -        5,130(4)
 President (AMVAC)         1998      194,010         -             -             -             -              -        5,086(4)

Glen D. Johnson(3)         2000      206,669         -             -             -             -              -        5,160(4)
 Sr. Vice President        1999      153,654         -             -             -          33,000(5)         -        2,110(4)
 (AMVAC)                   1998            -         -             -             -             -              -             -

Robert F. Gilbane          2000      205,317         -             -             -             -              -        5,360(4)
President (GemChem)        1999      177,300         -             -             -             -              -        5,125(4)
                           1998      168,633         -             -             -             -              -        5,125(4)

</TABLE>

-------------------

        (1) No executive officer enjoys perquisites that exceed the lesser of
$50,000, or 10% of such officer's salary.

        (2) Represents options to purchase Common Stock of the Company in
accordance with the terms and conditions of Mr. Wintemute's Employment
Agreement.

        (3) Mr. Johnson joined AMVAC Chemical Corporation as Senior Vice
President in February, 1999.

        (4) These amounts represent the Company's contribution to the Company's
Retirement Savings Plan, a qualified plan under Internal Revenue Code Section
401(k).

        (5) Represents options to purchase Common Stock of the Company in
accordance with the terms and conditions of Mr. Johnson's Employment Agreement.

        (6) Included in salary column.

No stock options were exercised by the named executive officers during the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2000. The following table sets forth information
concerning unexercised stock options held by each of the persons named as
executive officers as of December 31, 2000.

                           2000 YEAR-END OPTION VALUES

                          Number of Securities
                               Underlying              Value of Unexercised
                           Unexercised Options         in-the Money Options
                           at Fiscal Year End           at Fiscal Year End
                       --------------------------   ---------------------------
Name                   Exercisable  Unexercisable   Exercisable    Unexercisable
----                   -----------  -------------   -----------    -------------
Eric G. Wintemute        22,000        33,000        $264,000        $396,000
James A. Barry               --            --              --              --
David B. Cassidy         33,000            --        $396,000              --
Glen D. Johnson          11,000        22,000        $132,000        $264,000
Robert F. Gilbane            --            --              --              --



                                       27
<PAGE>   30


          Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation

        The Compensation Committee of the Board for the year ended December 31,
2000, consisted of Messrs. Jay R. Harris and Carl R. Soderlind. The executive
compensation philosophy of the Company is aimed at (i) attracting and retaining
qualified executives; (ii) motivating performance to achieve specific strategic
objectives of the Company; and (iii) aligning the interest of senior management
with the long-term interest of the Company's shareholders.


                                       28
<PAGE>   31

ITEM 12  SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

        To the knowledge of the Registrant, the ownership of the Registrant's
outstanding Common Stock as of March 26, 2001, by persons who are directors,
beneficial owners of 5% or more of the outstanding Common Stock and by all
directors and officers as a group is set forth below. Unless otherwise indicated
the Registrant believes that each of the persons set forth below has the sole
power to vote and to dispose of the shares listed opposite his name.


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                              Amount and
                                                                 Nature
 Office                     Name and Address                 of Beneficial         Percent
(if any)                    Beneficial Owner                 Ownership(1)          of Class
--------                    ----------------                --------------         --------
<S>                       <C>                                <C>                   <C>
Co-Chairman               Herbert A. Kraft                      633,414(2)            24.3%
                          4695 MacArthur Court
                          Newport Beach, CA 92660

Co-Chairman               Glenn A. Wintemute                    600,449(3)            23.0%
                          4695 MacArthur Court
                          Newport Beach, CA 92660

                          Goldsmith & Harris et. al.            103,770(4)             4.0%
                          80 Pine Street
                          New York, NY 10005

Director                  Jay R. Harris                         140,314(5)             5.4%
                          4695 MacArthur Court
                          Newport Beach, CA 92660

Director,                 Eric G. Wintemute                      79,093(6)             3.0%
  President & CEO         4695 MacArthur Court
                          Newport Beach, CA 92660

President                 Bob Gilbane                            56,855                2.2%
 (GEMCHEM)                4695 MacArthur Court
                          Newport Beach, CA 92660

Executive Vice            David B. Cassidy                       44,000(7)             1.7%
 President (AMVAC)        4695 MacArthur Court
                          Newport Beach, CA 92660

Senior Vice               Glen D. Johnson                        22,000(8)              __(11)
 President (AMVAC)        4695 MacArthur Court
                          Newport Beach, CA 92660

Director                  John B. Miles                           3,750(9)              __(11)
                          4695 MacArthur Court
                          Newport Beach,  CA  92660

Director                  Carl R. Soderlind                       5,844(10)             __(11)
                          4695 MacArthur Court
                          Newport Beach,  CA  92660

Director,                 James A. Barry                          2,090                 __(11)
 Sr. V.P., CFO &          4695 MacArthur Court
 Secretary/Treasurer      Newport Beach, CA 92660

Directors and Officers as a group(13)                         1,588,884               58.8%
</TABLE>

ITEM 12 - Continued
Footnotes


                                       29
<PAGE>   32


---------------------

(1)  Record and Beneficial.

(2) Mr. Kraft owns all of his shares with his spouse in a family trust, except
as to 1,573 shares held in an Individual Retirement Account.

(3)  This figure includes 12,221 shares of Common Stock owned by Mr. G. A.
Wintemute's minor child for which Mr. Wintemute is a trustee and disclaims
beneficial ownership.

(4)  This figure does not include shares beneficially owned by Jay R. Harris.
Mr. Harris is a control person of Goldsmith & Harris.

(5) This figure includes 2,500 shares of Common Stock Mr. Harris is entitled to
acquire pursuant to stock options exercisable within sixty days of the filing of
this Annual Report.

(6) This figure includes 33,000 shares of Common Stock Mr. Wintemute is entitled
to acquire pursuant to stock options exercisable within sixty days of the filing
of this report as well as 2,200 shares of Common Stock owned by Mr. Wintemute's
minor children for which Mr. Wintemute is a trustee and disclaims beneficial
ownership.

(7) This figure includes 33,000 shares of Common Stock Mr. Cassidy is entitled
to acquire pursuant to stock options exercisable within sixty days of the filing
of this Annual Report.

(8) This figure represents 22,000 shares of Common Stock Mr. Johnson is entitled
to acquire pursuant to stock options exercisable within sixty days of the filing
of this Annual Report.

(9) This figure represents 3,750 shares of Common Stock Mr. Miles is entitled to
acquire pursuant to stock options exercisable within sixty days of the filing of
this Annual Report.

(10) This figure includes 2,500 shares of Common Stock Mr. Soderlind is entitled
to acquire pursuant to stock options exercisable within sixty days of the filing
of this Annual Report.

(11) Under 1% of class.


                                       30
<PAGE>   33


ITEM 13  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

         Pursuant to a consulting agreement, Herbert A. Kraft, Co-Chairman of
the Company, performs management and financial consulting services for the
Company as assigned by the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer.
Mr. Kraft's agreement expires July 14, 2001 and calls for a remuneration amount
of $100,000 (for the period July 14, 2000 through July 14, 2001).



                                       31
<PAGE>   34


                                     PART IV

ITEM 14    EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES, AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

      (a)  The following documents are filed as part of this report:

           (1) Index to Consolidated Financial
                  Statements and  Supplementary Data:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                         DESCRIPTION                                    PAGE NO.
<S>                                                                     <C>
           Report of Independent Certified
             Public Accountants                                            35

           Financial Statements:

           Consolidated Balance Sheets as of
             December 31, 2000 and 1999                                    36

           Consolidated Statements of Income for
             the Years Ended December 31, 2000, 1999,
             and 1998                                                      38

           Consolidated Statements of Stockholders'
             Equity for the Years Ended December 31,
             2000, 1999, and 1998                                          39

           Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for
              the Years Ended December 31, 2000, 1999,
              and 1998                                                     40

           Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
             and Notes to Consolidated Financial
             Statements                                                    42

           (2) Financial Statement Schedules:

</TABLE>
               All schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, or not
required, or because the required information is included in the consolidated
financial statements or notes thereto.

           (3)  Exhibits:

                The exhibits listed on the accompanying Index To
                Exhibits, page 58 are filed as part of this annual report


                                       32
<PAGE>   35


           (b)  Reports on Form 8-K were filed during the quarter
                ended December 31, 2000.

                Date of the Report: November 7, 2000

                Item Reported: 5.  Other Events.

                Description: On November 2, 2000, American Vanguard Corporation
                issued a press release announcing that, in addition to the
                Company's results of operations for the three and nine months
                ended September 30, 2000, in light of the Company's performance
                and prospects, the Board of Directors has authorized the
                repurchase of up to 11% (300,000) of American Vanguard's
                outstanding shares of common stock. The shares may be purchased
                from time to time in open market transactions, depending on
                price availability and the Company's cash position. There were
                approximately 2.7 million shares of American Vanguard's common
                stock outstanding as of November 2, 2000.


                                       33
<PAGE>   36

                                   SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, American Vanguard Corporation has duly caused this report to be
signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.


AMERICAN VANGUARD CORPORATION (Registrant)


/s/  Eric G. Wintemute                          /s/  James A. Barry
-----------------------------                   -------------------
By:   ERIC G. WINTEMUTE                         By:  JAMES A. BARRY
      President,                                     Senior Vice President,
      Chief Executive Officer                        Chief Financial Officer,
      and Director                                   Secretary/Treasurer and
      March 30, 2001                                 Director
                                                     March 30, 2001


Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report
has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and
in the capacities indicated.


/s/ Herbert A. Kraft                            /s/ Glenn A. Wintemute
-----------------------                         ----------------------
HERBERT A. KRAFT                                GLENN A. WINTEMUTE
Co-Chairman                                     Co-Chairman
March 30, 2001                                  March 31, 2001


/s/ John B. Miles                               /s/ Carl R. Soderlind
-----------------------                         ---------------------
JOHN B. MILES                                   CARL R. SODERLIND
Director                                        Director
March 30, 2001                                  March 30, 2001



/s/ Jay R. Harris
----------------------
JAY R. HARRIS
Director
March 30, 2001


                                       34
<PAGE>   37
               REPORT OF INDEPENDENT CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS


The Board of Directors and Stockholders'
American Vanguard Corporation


We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of American
Vanguard Corporation and Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2000 and 1999 and the
related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders' equity and cash
flows for the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998. These consolidated
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial
statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted
in the United States of America. Those standards require that we plan and
perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a
test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in these financial
statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
financial statements presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of American Vanguard
Corporation and Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2000 and 1999 and the results of
their operations and cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and
1998, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America.


                                                     /s/ BDO Seidman, LLP


Los Angeles, California
March 2, 2001
(Except for Note 16, which
is unaudited)


                                       35
<PAGE>   38

                          AMERICAN VANGUARD CORPORATION
                                AND SUBSIDIARIES

                           CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

                           DECEMBER 31, 2000 AND 1999


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                        ASSETS (NOTE 3)                  2000           1999
                                                         ----           ----
<S>                                                  <C>            <C>
Current assets:
   Cash                                             $   361,000    $   550,200
   Receivables:
       Trade                                         21,323,400     15,119,800
       Other                                          1,526,300        833,200
                                                    -----------    -----------
                                                     22,849,700     15,953,000
                                                    -----------    -----------
   Inventories:
       Finished products                             17,358,300     14,258,700
       Raw materials                                  3,844,500      2,491,200
                                                    -----------    -----------
                                                     21,202,800     16,749,900
                                                    -----------    -----------
   Prepaid expenses                                     764,200        819,600
   Deferred tax asset                                   568,800        158,500
                                                    -----------    -----------
              Total current assets                   45,746,500     34,231,200

Property, plant and equipment, at cost,
  less accumulated depreciation of
  $25,339,500 in 2000 and $23,545,600
  in 1999 (notes 1,2,3, and 5)                        9,012,800     10,514,200

Land held for development                               210,800        210,800

Intangible assets, net of
  accumulated amortization
  of $2,319,900 in 2000 and
  $1,440,500 in 1999 (note 10)                       10,657,100     10,086,400

Other assets                                            463,700        695,200
                                                    -----------    -----------
                                                    $66,090,900    $55,737,800
                                                    ===========    ===========
</TABLE>

                                   (CONTINUED)

                                       36
<PAGE>   39

        See summary of significant accounting policies and notes to consolidated
financial statements.


                         AMERICAN VANGUARD CORPORATION
                                AND SUBSIDIARIES

                           CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

                           DECEMBER 31, 2000 AND 1999

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            2000           1999
                                                         -----------    -----------
<S>                                                      <C>            <C>

                     LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

Current liabilities:
   Current installments of long-term debt
     (note 2)                                            $ 3,575,400    $ 3,022,200
   Note payable to bank (note 3)                                  --     10,100,000
   Accounts payable                                        6,913,600      2,946,300
   Accrued expenses                                        4,171,900      4,541,400
   Accrued royalty obligations-current portion
    (note 10)                                                813,400      1,112,300
   Income taxes payable                                    1,149,500      1,064,200
                                                         -----------    -----------
       Total current liabilities                          16,623,800     22,786,400

Long-term debt, excluding current
  installments (note 2)                                    2,847,300      5,145,600
Note payable to bank (note 3)                             15,800,000             --

Other long-term liabilities                                  117,700        101,700

Deferred income taxes (note 4)                             1,414,500      1,735,200
                                                         -----------    -----------
       Total liabilities                                  36,803,300     29,768,900
                                                         -----------    -----------

Commitments and contingent liabilities
 (notes 2, 3, 5, 6, 9 and 11)

Stockholders' equity: (note 14)
   Preferred stock, $.10 par value per
    share; authorized 400,000 shares;
    none issued                                                   --             --
   Common stock, $.10 par value per share;
    authorized 10,000,000 shares; issued
    2,827,039 shares in 2000 and 2,564,182
    shares in 1999                                           282,700        256,400
   Additional paid-in capital                              5,906,600      3,879,000
   Retained earnings                                      24,354,600     22,520,200
                                                         -----------    -----------
                                                          30,543,900     26,655,600
   Less treasury stock, at cost, 183,285 shares
     in 2000 and 114,000 shares in 1999                    1,256,300        686,700
                                                         -----------    -----------
       Total stockholders' equity                         29,287,600     25,968,900
                                                         -----------    -----------
                                                         $66,090,900    $55,737,800
                                                         ===========    ===========
</TABLE>

        See summary of significant accounting policies and notes to consolidated
financial statements.

                                       37
<PAGE>   40


                          AMERICAN VANGUARD CORPORATION
                                AND SUBSIDIARIES

                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME

                  YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000, 1999 AND 1998

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                 2000                   1999                    1998
                                                                 ----                   ----                    ----
<S>                                                        <C>                    <C>                     <C>
Net sales (note 8)                                         $77,979,700            $69,211,700             $67,015,600
Cost of sales                                               41,406,400             35,948,900              39,908,800
                                                           -----------            -----------             -----------
              Gross profit                                  36,573,300             33,262,800              27,106,800
Settlement (income)/expense (notes 6 and 13)                         -                100,000              (1,067,700)
Operating expenses (note 12)                                27,745,100             26,284,600              23,016,100
                                                           -----------            -----------             -----------
              Operating income                               8,828,200              6,878,200               5,158,400
Interest expense                                             1,681,500              1,666,700               1,900,000
Interest income                                                (38,600)               (11,000)                 (4,700)
                                                           -----------            -----------             -----------
              Income before income tax expense               7,185,300              5,222,500               3,263,100
Income tax expense (note 4)                                  2,874,100              1,987,000               1,136,600
                                                           -----------            -----------             -----------
              Net income                                   $ 4,311,200            $ 3,235,500             $ 2,126,500
                                                           ===========            ===========             ===========
Earnings per common share                                  $      1.60            $      1.19             $       .77
                                                           ===========            ===========             ===========
Earnings per common share - assuming dilution              $      1.58            $      1.19             $       .77
                                                           ===========            ===========             ===========
Weighted average shares outstanding                          2,690,029              2,722,996               2,752,915
                                                           ===========            ===========             ===========
Weighted average shares
   outstanding - assuming dilution                           2,734,639              2,722,996               2,752,915
                                                           ===========            ===========             ===========
</TABLE>

            See summary of significant accounting policies and notes to
consolidated financial statements.


                                       38
<PAGE>   41


                          AMERICAN VANGUARD CORPORATION
                                AND SUBSIDIARIES

                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

                  YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000, 1999 AND 1998


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            ADDITIONAL
                                              COMMON          PAID-IN             RETAINED          TREASURY
                                               STOCK          CAPITAL             EARNINGS            STOCK               TOTAL
                                              ------        ----------            --------          ---------             -----
<S>                                        <C>              <C>               <C>                 <C>                  <C>
Balance, January 1, 1998                   $256,400         $3,879,000         $17,483,300         $  (358,900)        $21,259,800

  Cash dividends on common
   stock ($.07 per share)                       -                  -              (175,500)                -              (175,500)
  Treasury stock acquired                       -                  -                   -               (82,500)            (82,500)
  Net income                                    -                  -             2,126,500                 -             2,126,500
                                           --------         ----------         -----------         -----------         -----------
Balance, December 31, 1998                  256,400          3,879,000          19,434,300            (441,400)         23,128,300

  Cash dividends on common
   stock ($.06 per share)                       -                  -              (149,600)                -              (149,600)
  Treasury stock acquired                       -                  -                   -              (245,300)           (245,300)
  Net income                                    -                  -             3,235,500                 -             3,235,500
                                           --------         ----------         -----------         -----------         -----------
Balance, December 31, 1999                  256,400          3,879,000          22,520,200            (686,700)         25,968,900

  Common stock dividend                      25,700          1,997,000           2,022,700                 -                     -
  Cash dividends on common
   stock ($.18 per share)                       -                  -              (454,100)                -              (454,100)
  Treasury stock acquired                       -                  -                                  (569,600)           (569,600)
  Stock options exercised                       600             30,600                 -                   -                31,200
  Net income                                    -                  -             4,311,200                 -             4,311,200
                                           --------         ----------         -----------         -----------         -----------
Balance, December 31, 2000                 $282,700         $5,906,600         $24,354,600         $(1,256,300)        $29,287,600
                                           ========         ==========         ===========         ===========         ===========
</TABLE>

        See summary of significant accounting policies and notes to consolidated
financial statements.

                                       39
<PAGE>   42

                          AMERICAN VANGUARD CORPORATION
                                AND SUBSIDIARIES

                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

                  YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000, 1999 AND 1998

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH                                             2000                 1999               1998
                                                                     ----------           ----------         ----------
<S>                                                                 <C>                   <C>                <C>
Cash flows from operating activities:
   Net income                                                       $ 4,311,200          $ 3,235,500        $ 2,126,500
   Adjustments to reconcile net income
      to net cash provided by (used in)
      operating activities:
          Depreciation and amortization
             of property, plant and equipment                         2,022,900            2,459,500          2,555,500
          Amortization of other assets                                  926,300              755,300            505,400
          Loss on abandoned projects                                        -                    -              231,400
          Deferred income taxes                                        (731,000)            (463,400)          (606,400)
          Changes in assets and liabilities
             associated with operations:
                (Increase) decrease
                 in receivables                                      (6,896,700)           2,686,600          3,046,400
                Increase in inventories                              (4,452,900)          (1,014,100)        (2,797,900)
                Decrease (increase)
                  in prepaid expenses                                    55,400               (5,000)           221,000
                Increase (decrease)
                  in accounts payable                                 3,967,300           (3,502,100)         2,663,100
                Increase (decrease) in other
                  payables and accrued expenses                        (567,100)            (834,300)          (721,000)
                                                                     ----------           ----------         ----------
                              Net cash provided by
                                (used in) operating
                                activities                           (1,364,600)           3,318,000          7,224,000
                                                                     ----------           ----------         ----------

Cash flows from investing activities:
   Capital expenditures                                                (521,500)            (397,400)          (828,100)
   Additions to intangible assets                                           -                    -             (538,500)
   Net (increase) decrease in other
      noncurrent assets                                                 184,500               22,300           (249,200)
                                                                     ----------           ----------         ----------

                              Net cash used in
                                investing activities                   (337,000)            (375,100)        (1,615,800)
                                                                     ----------           ----------         ----------

                                                                                                              (Continued)
</TABLE>



                                       40
<PAGE>   43


                          AMERICAN VANGUARD CORPORATION
                                AND SUBSIDIARIES

                CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS, CONTINUED

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH                                            2000                  1999               1998
                                                                    -----------           ----------         ----------
<S>                                                                 <C>                   <C>                <C>
   Net borrowings (repayments) under
      line of credit agreement                                      $ 5,700,000          $   100,000        $(4,100,000)
   Payments on debt and capital
    lease obligations                                                (3,195,100)          (2,864,800)        (1,229,800)
  Exercise of stock options                                              31,200                  -                  -
   Purchase of treasury stock                                          (569,400)            (245,300)           (82,500)
   Payment of cash dividends                                           (454,300)            (149,600)          (175,500)
                                                                    -----------           ----------         ----------
                  Net cash provided by (used in)
                     financing activities                             1,512,400           (3,159,700)        (5,587,800)
                                                                    -----------           ----------         ----------

                  Net increase (decrease) in cash                      (189,200)            (216,800)            20,400

Cash at beginning of year                                               550,200              767,000            746,600
                                                                    -----------           ----------         ----------

Cash at end of year                                                 $   361,000          $   550,200        $   767,000
                                                                    ===========           ==========         ==========

SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION:

   Cash paid during the year for:
      Interest                                                      $ 1,380,100          $ 1,374,900        $ 1,804,200
      Income taxes                                                    3,590,000            2,738,800            914,800
                                                                    ===========           ==========         ==========
</TABLE>


SUPPLEMENTAL SCHEDULE OF NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES:

On April 14, 2000, the Company distributed 256,857 shares of Common Stock in
connection with a 10% Common Stock dividend to stockholders of record as of
March 31, 2000. As a result of the stock dividend, Common Stock was increased by
$25,700, additional paid-in capital was increased by $1,997,000, and retained
earnings was decreased by $2,022,700.

During the year ended December 31, 2000, the Company completed the acquisition
of two established product lines from two large chemical manufacturers. In
connection with these acquisitions, the Company recorded intangible assets in
the amount of $1,450,000 and a corresponding debt obligation in the same amount
(See note 10).

In October 1999, the Company entered into an Exclusive License Agreement which
granted the Company ownership of labels and registrations of an established
product line and issued a note payable in the amount $1,456,300.

In November 1998, the Company completed the acquisition of an established
product line from a subsidiary of a large chemical company (See note 10). In
connection with the acquisition, the Company recorded product acquisition costs
of $5,203,900.

The Company financed $1,237,500 during the year ended December 31, 1998, under a
capitalized lease for computer related software and equipment.

          See summary of significant accounting policies and notes to
                       consolidated financial statements.


                                       41
<PAGE>   44

                          AMERICAN VANGUARD CORPORATION
                                AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Description of Business and Basis of Consolidation

The Company is primarily a specialty chemical manufacturer that develops and
markets safe and effective products for agricultural and commercial uses. The
Company manufacturers and formulates chemicals for crops, human and animal
protection. The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of
American Vanguard Corporation ("Company") and its subsidiaries AMVAC Chemical
Corporation ("AMVAC"), GemChem, Inc. ("GemChem"), 2110 Davie Corporation
("DAVIE"), AMVAC Chemical UK Ltd., ("Chemical UK") and Quimica Amvac De Mexico
S.A. de C.V. ("Quimica Amvac"), and Environmental Mediation, Inc. All
significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in
consolidation. The Company operates within a single operating segment.

The Company's subsidiary, GemChem, Inc., procures certain raw materials used in
the Company's manufacturing operations and is also a distributor of various
pharmaceutical and nutritional supplement products.

Because of elements inherent to the Company's business, such as differing and
unpredictable weather patterns, crop growing cycles, changes in product mix of
sales and ordering patterns that may vary in timing, measuring the Company's
performance on a quarterly basis, (gross profit margins on a quarterly basis may
vary significantly) even when such comparisons are favorable, is not as good an
indicator as full-year comparisons.

Inventories

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is determined using
the first-in, first-out method.

Long-lived Assets

intangible assets resulting from business acquisitions (see note 10), consist of
cost in excess of net assets (goodwill) acquired and other intangible assets,
including customer lists, product registrations, trademarks and contracts. These
intangible assets are being amortized on a straight-line basis over the period
of an expected benefit, usually 15 years. Management has a policy to review
intangible assets and productive assets at each quarterly balance sheet date for
possible impairment. This policy includes recognizing write-downs if it is
probable the measurable undiscounted future cash flows and/or the aggregate net
cash flows of an asset, as measured by current revenues and costs (exclusive of
depreciation or amortization) over the asset's remaining depreciable life, are
not sufficient to recover the net book value of an asset.

Revenue Recognition

Sales are recognized upon shipment of products or transfer of title to the
customer.


                                       42
<PAGE>   45


                          AMERICAN VANGUARD CORPORATION
                                AND SUBSIDIARIES

              SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES, CONTINUED

DEPRECIATION

Depreciation of property, plant and equipment is calculated on the straight-line
method over the estimated useful lives of the assets.

Fair Value of Financial Instruments

The carrying values of cash, receivables and accounts payable approximate their
fair values because of the short maturity of these instruments.

The fair value of the Company's long-term debt and note payable to bank is
estimated based on the quoted market prices for the same or similar issues or on
the current rates offered to the Company for debt of the same remaining
maturities. Such fair value approximates the respective carrying values of the
Company's long-term debt and note payable to bank.

Income Taxes

Income taxes have been provided using the asset and liability method in
accordance with Financial Accounting Standard No. 109, "Accounting for
Income Taxes".

The asset and liability method requires the recognition of deferred tax assets
and liabilities for future tax consequences of temporary differences between the
financial statement bases and tax bases of assets and liabilities at the date of
the financial statements using the provisions of the tax laws then in effect.

Per Share Information

Statement of Financial Accounting Standards ("SFAS") No. 128, Earnings Per Share
("EPS") requires dual presentation of basic EPS and diluted EPS on the face of
all income statements. Basic EPS is computed as net income divided by the
weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period.
Diluted EPS reflects potential dilution that could occur if securities or other
contracts, which, for the Company, consists of options to purchase shares of the
Company's common stock are exercised.

Accounting Estimates

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted
accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses at
the date that the financial statements are prepared. Actual results could differ
from those estimates.

Reclassifications

Certain prior years' amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current
year's presentation.


                                       43
<PAGE>   46
                          AMERICAN VANGUARD CORPORATION
                                AND SUBSIDIARIES

              Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, Continued

RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

In June 1998, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued FASB No. 133,
"Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities." This standard
requires all derivatives to be recorded on the balance sheet as either assets or
liabilities and be measured at fair value. Gains or losses from changes in the
derivative value are to be accounted for based on how the derivative is used and
whether it qualifies for hedge accounting. When this statement is adopted in
January 2001, it had no material impact on the Company's consolidated financial
statements.

In September 2000, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued FASB No. 140,
"Accounting for Transfers and Servicing of Financial Assets and Extinguishments
of Liabilities - a placement of FASB Statement No. 125." This statement revises
the standards for accounting for securitizations and other transfers of
financial assets and provides consistent standards for distinguishing transfers
from sales and secured borrowings. This statement is effective for transactions
occurring after March 31, 2001 and is not expected to have a material impact on
the Company's consolidated financial statements.

In December 1999, the SEC staff released Staff Accounting Bulletin SAB No. 101,
"Revenue Recognition in Financial Statements". SAB 101 provides interpretive
guidance on the recognition, presentation and disclosure of revenue in the
financial statements. SAB 101 must be applied to the financial statements no
later than the quarter ending September 30, 2000. The Company does not believe
that the adoption of SAB 101 will have a material effect on the Company's
financial results.

In March 2000, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Interpretation
FIN No. 44 Accounting for Certain Transactions Involving Stock Compensation, an
Interpretation of APB Opinion No. 25. FIN 44 clarifies the application of
Opinion No. 25 for (a) the definition of employee for purposes of applying
Opinion No. 25, (b) the criteria for determining whether a plan qualifies as a
non-compensatory plan, (c) the accounting consequences of various modifications
to the terms of a previously fixed stock option or award, and (d) the accounting
for an exchange of stock compensation awards in a business combination. FIN 44
is effective July 2, 2000, but certain conclusions cover specific events that
occur after either December 15, 1998, or January 12, 2000. The Company believes
that the impact of FIN 44 will not have a material effect on the Company's
financial position.


                                       44
<PAGE>   47

                          AMERICAN VANGUARD CORPORATION
                                AND SUBSIDIARIES


                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                  YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000, 1999 AND 1998

(1)   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

      Property, plant and equipment at December 31, 2000 and 1999 consists of
      the following:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                  ESTIMATED
                                     2000           1999         USEFUL LIVES
                                 -----------     -----------    ---------------
<S>                              <C>             <C>            <C>
Land                             $ 2,441,400     $ 2,382,600
Buildings and improvements         4,952,000       4,727,300    10 to 30 years
Machinery and equipment           23,938,100      23,825,700     3 to 10 years
Office furniture, fixtures
 and equipment                     2,599,800       2,467,900     3 to 10 years
Automotive equipment                 136,900         136,900     3 to  6 years
Construction in progress             284,100         519,400
                                 -----------     -----------
                                  34,352,300      34,059,800
Less accumulated depreciation     25,339,500      23,545,600
                                 -----------     -----------

                                 $ 9,012,800     $10,514,200
                                 ===========     ===========
</TABLE>

(2)   LONG-TERM DEBT

      Long-term debt of the Company at December 31, 2000 and 1999 is summarized
      as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            2000          1999
                                                         ----------    ----------
<S>                                                      <C>           <C>
Note payable, secured by certain real property,
   payable in monthly installments of $87,500 plus
   interest at prime plus .5% (prime was 9.50% at
   December 31, 2000), with remaining unpaid
   principal due December 1, 2000                        $     -       $1,050,000
Note payable, secured by certain real
   property, payable in monthly installments
   of $6,125, plus interest at prime
   with remaining unpaid principal
   due October 15, 2004                                   1,610,900     1,684,400
Note payable, secured by certain
   real property, payable in monthly
   principal and interest installments of $923
   with remaining unpaid principal due
   July 1, 2001, interest rate at 8.00%                      78,900        83,400
Obligations under product acquisition
  agreements (see note 10)                                4,203,100     4,546,600
Obligations under capitalized
   leases (see note 5)                                      529,800       803,400
                                                         ----------    ----------
                                                          6,422,700     8,167,800
Less current installments                                 3,575,400     3,022,200
                                                         ----------    ----------

                                                         $2,847,300    $5,145,600
                                                         ==========    ==========
</TABLE>

Approximate principal payments on long-term debt mature as follows:

                2001                               $3,575,400
                2002                                1,059,400
                2003                                  266,800
                2004                                  245,200
                2005                                   73,500
                Thereafter                          1,202,400
                                                   ----------
                                                   $6,422,700
                                                   ==========


                                       45
<PAGE>   48

                          AMERICAN VANGUARD CORPORATION
                                AND SUBSIDIARIES

              NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, CONTINUED

(3)   NOTE PAYABLE TO BANK

      Under a credit agreement with a bank as amended in June 2000, the Company
      may borrow up to $24,000,000. The note bears interest at a rate of prime
      plus .25% (prime was 9.50% at December 31, 2000), which is payable
      monthly. Additionally, the Company, at its option, may pay a fixed rate of
      interest offered by the bank for terms not less than 30 nor more than 180
      days and provided that any such period of time does not extend beyond the
      expiration date of the credit agreement. Substantially all of the
      Company's assets not otherwise specifically pledged as collateral on
      existing loans and capital leases are pledged as collateral under the
      credit agreement. The note payable expires on June 1, 2002. The Company
      had $8,200,000 available under this credit agreement as of December 31,
      2000. The credit agreement, among other financial covenants, limits
      payments of cash dividends to a maximum of 25% of net income. The Company
      was in compliance with the financial covenants as of December 31, 2000.
      The balance outstanding at December 31, 2000 and 1999 was $15,800,000 and
      $10,100,000 respectively. The average amount outstanding during the years
      ended December 31, 2000 and 1999 was $13,046,400 and $12,297,300. The
      weighted average interest rate during the years ended December 31, 2000
      and 1999 was 8.62% and 8.02%.

(4)   INCOME TAXES

      The components of income tax expense are:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                         2000                1999                 1998
                      ----------          ----------           ----------
<S>                   <C>                 <C>                  <C>
Current:
   Federal            $3,132,500          $2,236,100           $1,493,200
   State                 472,600             212,400              249,800

Deferred:
   Federal              (650,700)           (435,300)            (524,300)
   State                 (80,300)            (26,200)             (82,100)
                      ----------          ----------           ----------
                      $2,874,100          $1,987,000           $1,136,600
                      ==========          ==========           ==========
</TABLE>

                                       46
<PAGE>   49



                          AMERICAN VANGUARD CORPORATION
                                AND SUBSIDIARIES

              NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, CONTINUED


Total income tax expense differed from the amounts computed by applying the U.S.
Federal income tax rate of 34% to income before income tax expense as a result
of the following:

                                          2000           1999         1998
                                        ---------     ----------   ----------
Computed tax provision at
 statutory Federal rates               $2,443,400     $1,775,700   $1,109,500
Increase (decrease) in
 taxes resulting from:
   State taxes, net of
    Federal income tax
    benefit                               348,800        203,700       25,800
   Nondeductible expenses                  85,900         32,100       37,600
   Benefit of tax credits                  (4,000)       (24,500)     (36,300)
                                        ---------     ----------   ----------
                                       $2,874,100     $1,987,000   $1,136,600
                                       ==========     ==========   ==========

Temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and tax
bases of assets and liabilities that give rise to significant portions of the
net deferred tax liability at December 31, 2000 and 1999 relate to the
following:


                                                  2000                 1999
                                               -----------         -----------
Current:
 Inventories, principally due to
  additional costs inventoried for
  tax purposes pursuant to the Tax
  Reform Act of 1986                           $   547,400         $   415,900
 State income taxes                                175,200              56,100
 Vacation pay accrual                              105,300             106,800
 Imputed interest on royalty obligation           (144,700)           (157,900)
 Discount on accounts receivable                  (155,800)           (307,600)
 Other                                              41,400              45,200
                                               -----------         -----------
Net deferred tax asset                             568,800             158,500
                                               -----------         -----------

Non-Current:
 Plant and equipment, principally due
  to differences in depreciation and
  capitalized interest                          (1,414,500)         (1,735,200)
                                               -----------         -----------
Net deferred tax liability                      (1,414,500)         (1,735,200)
                                               -----------         -----------
Total net deferred tax liability               $  (845,700)        $(1,576,700)
                                               ===========         ===========



The Company believes it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets
above will be realized in the normal course of business.

                                       47
<PAGE>   50

                          AMERICAN VANGUARD CORPORATION
                                AND SUBSIDIARIES

              NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, CONTINUED



(5)  LEASES

     The Company leases certain manufacturing equipment, and office furniture,
     fixtures and equipment under long-term capital lease agreements.

     Property, plant and equipment at December 31, 2000 and 1999 include the
     following leased property under capital leases by major classes:

                                              2000             1999
                                           ----------       ----------
         Machinery and equipment           $   47,300       $   47,300
           Office furniture, fixtures
             and equipment                  1,237,500        1,237,500
                                           ----------       ----------
                                            1,284,800        1,284,800
         Less accumulated depreciation        590,700          333,700
                                           ----------       ----------
                                           $  694,100       $  951,100
                                           ==========       ==========

The following is a schedule of future minimum lease payments for capital leases
as of December 31, 2000:


         Year ending December 31:
                 2001                                           $ 340,000
                 2002                                             250,800
                                                                ---------
            Total minimum lease payments                          590,800
         Less amount representing interest                        (61,000)
                                                                ---------
            Present value of net minimum lease payments         $ 529,800
                                                                =========


                                       48
<PAGE>   51

                          AMERICAN VANGUARD CORPORATION
                                AND SUBSIDIARIES

              NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, CONTINUED

(6)   LITIGATION AND ENVIRONMENTAL

      DBCP LAWSUITS

      A. CALIFORNIA MATTERS

                  In February 1997, AMVAC was served with a complaint in an
      action filed in the San Francisco Superior Court entitled the Sultana
      Community Services District v. Shell Oil Co., et.al. The complaint alleges
      that the Sultana Community Services District's water supply was
      contaminated with Dibromochloropropane ("DBCP"). The complaint names as
      defendants AMVAC, Shell Oil Company, The Dow Chemical Company, Occidental
      Chemical Company, Chevron Chemical Company and Velsicol Chemical
      Corporation. Plaintiff has not produced documentation to support its claim
      for damages. Any damages proven may be significantly offset by the
      Plaintiff's receipt of a Government grant for a new well. As of December
      31, 2000, the case was still pending. However, the five year period in
      which to bring this case to trial expired on January 25, 2001 so this suit
      can no longer be prosecuted.

      B. HAWAII MATTERS

                  AMVAC and the Company were served with complaints in February
      1997. The actions were filed in the Circuit Court of the Second Circuit,
      State of Hawaii entitled Board of Water Supply of the County of Maui v.
      Shell Oil Co., et.al. The suit named as defendants the Company, AMVAC,
      Shell Oil Company, The Dow Chemical Company, Occidental Chemical Company,
      Occidental Petroleum Corporation, Occidental Chemical Corporation, and
      Brewer Environmental Industry, Inc. The Maui Pineapple Company was joined
      as a cross-defendant. The Complaint alleged that between two and four of
      the Board's wells had been contaminated with DBCP. On August 2, 1999, a
      global settlement was reached, which included the remediation of the
      existing contaminated wells in addition to the installation of filtration
      devices on other wells for the next forty years on the island of Maui. The
      cash settlement was three million dollars of which AMVAC's (and the
      Company's) portion was $500,000. [As to matters independent of indemnity
      issues, the Company recovered $400,000 from one of its insurers.] The
      settlement agreement obligates the defendants to pay for the ongoing
      operation and maintenance of the filtration devices for up to forty years.
      The annual costs of operation and maintenance per well is estimated to be
      approximately $69,000, to be adjusted annually by the consumer price
      index. The defendants are also obligated to pay between ninety and
      one-hundred percent for the cost of the installation of filtration devices
      on other wells that may exceed the defined maximum contaminant level in
      the next forty years. AMVAC's share of the ongoing operation and
      maintenance charges and installation of additional devices on other wells
      is seventeen and one-half percent. The obligations of the defendants under
      this agreement are secured by a twenty million dollar letter of credit
      obtained by Dow Chemical. AMVAC will pay


                                       49
<PAGE>   52


                          AMERICAN VANGUARD CORPORATION
                                AND SUBSIDIARIES

              NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, CONTINUED

      seventeen and one-half percent of the annual cost of the letter of credit
      directly to Dow Chemical.

                  In October 1997, AMVAC was served with a Complaint(s) in which
      it was named as a Defendant, filed in the Circuit Court, First Circuit,
      state of Hawaii and in the Circuit Court of the Second Circuit, State of
      Hawaii (two identical suits) entitled Patrickson, et.al. v. Dole Food Co.,
      et.al. alleging damages sustained from injuries caused by Plaintiff's
      exposure to DBCP while applying the product in their native countries.
      Other named defendants are: Dole Food Co., Dole Fresh Fruit, Dole Fresh
      Fruit International, Pineapple Growers Association of Hawaii, Shell Oil
      Company, Dow Chemical Company, Occidental Chemical Corporation, Standard
      Fruit Company, Standard Fruit & Steamship, Standard Fruit Company De Costa
      Rica, Standard Fruit company De Honduras, Chiquita Brands, Chiquita Brands
      International, Martrop Trading Corporation, and Del Monte Fresh Produce.
      The ten named Plaintiffs are citizens of four countries--Guatemala, Costa
      Rica, Panama, and Equador. The case was also filed as a class action on
      behalf of other workers so exposed in these four countries. The defendants
      subsequently removed the case to the United States District Court in
      Hawaii. On March 8, 1999 the Judge in the U.S. District Court dismissed
      the case based on the defendant's agreement to pay any judgement that
      might be entered in the Plaintiff's nation of origin. The court order
      allows Plaintiffs to return to the United States if the foreign courts do
      not accept jurisdiction. Plaintiffs subsequently appealed to the Ninth
      Circuit Court of Appeal. Oral argument was heard in the Ninth Circuit on
      August 9, 2000. The appellate decision has not yet been issued. The
      Plaintiffs reported that plaintiffs filed suit in their home countries.
      These suits have not yet been served on AMVAC. No discovery has taken
      place on the individual claims of the Plaintiffs. However, AMVAC product
      did not reach two of the four countries involved. Without discovery, it is
      unknown if any Plaintiff was exposed to AMVAC DBCP and too early to
      provide any evaluation of the likelihood of an unfavorable outcome. There
      may be statute of limitation defenses available to defendants. In order to
      proceed with the cases, the Plaintiffs must either litigate their claims
      in their native countries or convince the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeal to
      reverse the trial court on the motion to dismiss. AMVAC intends to contest
      the cases vigorously.


                                       50
<PAGE>   53


                          AMERICAN VANGUARD CORPORATION
                                AND SUBSIDIARIES

              NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, CONTINUED


      C. MISSISSIPPI MATTERS

                  In May 1996, AMVAC was served with five complaints in which it
      is named as a Defendant. Other named defendants are: Coahoma Chemical Co.
      Inc., Shell Oil Company, Dow Chemical Co., Occidental Chemical Co.,
      Standard Fruit Co., Standard Fruit and Steamship Co., Dole Food Co., Inc.,
      Dole Fresh Fruit Co., Chiquita Brands, Inc., Chiquita Brands
      International, Inc. and Del Monte Fresh Produce, N.A. The cases were filed
      in the Circuit Court of Harrison County, First Judicial District of
      Mississippi. Each case alleged damages sustained from injuries caused by
      Plaintiff's exposure to DBCP while applying the product in their native
      countries. These cases have been removed to U.S. District Court for the
      Southern District of Mississippi, Southern Division. The Federal Court
      granted defense motions to dismiss in each case pursuant to the doctrine
      of forum non conveniens. Throughout 1999 the case was pending on appeal.
      On January 19, 2001, the Court issued an unpublished decision, finding
      that there was jurisdiction in federal court, but remanded just one case
      back to the trial court to determine if a stipulation which limited the
      plaintiff's recovery to fifty thousand dollars was binding. If the
      stipulation is binding, that case will be remanded to state court. If the
      stipulation is not binding, that case will be dismissed along with the
      others, requiring the plaintiffs to litigate in their native countries. No
      discovery has taken place on the individual claims of these Plaintiffs.
      However, AMVAC product was not used in at least two of the countries
      involved. Without discovery, it is unknown whether any of the Plaintiffs
      was exposed to the Company's product or what statute of limitation defense
      may apply. AMVAC intends to contest the cases vigorously. It is too early
      to provide an evaluation of the likelihood of an unfavorable outcome at
      this time.

      D. LOUISIANA MATTERS

                  In November 1999, AMVAC was served with three complaints filed
      in the 29th Judicial District Court for the Parish of St. Charles, State
      of Louisiana entitled Pedro Rodrigues et. al.. V. Amvac Chemical
      Corporation et. al.., Andres Puerto, et. al.. V. Amvac Chemical
      Corporation, et. al.. and Eduardo Soriano, et. al.. v. Amvac Chemical
      Corporation et. al.. Other named defendants are: Dow Chemical Company,
      Occidental Chemical Corporation, Shell Oil company, Standard Fruit, Dole
      Food, Chiquita Brands, Tela Railroad Company, Compania Palma Tica, and Del
      Monte Fresh Produce. These suits were filed in 1996, they were not served
      until November 1999. The complaints allege personal injuries from alleged
      exposure to DBCP (punitive damages are also sought). The Plaintiffs are
      primarily from the countries of the Philippines, Costa Rica, Honduras, and
      Equador. In November 1999, the cases were removed to the United States
      District Court for the Eastern District of Louisiana. The Plaintiffs filed
      a motion to remand the cases back to the state court in December 1999,
      however, they subsequently withdrew their motion to remand in February
      2000 stating that they would wait for an appellate court determination on
      similar issues in the Mississippi cases (and other cases where AMVAC is
      not a party in the lawsuits).



                                       51
<PAGE>   54



                          AMERICAN VANGUARD CORPORATION
                                AND SUBSIDIARIES

              NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, CONTINUED

      These cases remain in a holding pattern, pending resolution of various
      jurisdictional issues in the other aforementioned suits. No discovery has
      taken place on the individual claims of the Plaintiffs. It is unknown
      whether any of the Plaintiffs claim exposure to AMVAC's product and
      whether their claims are barred by applicable statutes of limitation.
      AMVAC intends to contest the cases vigorously. It is too early to provide
      an evaluation of the likelihood of an unfavorable outcome at this time.

      NAA DATA TRADE SECRET

                  On November 1, 1996 AMVAC filed an action in U.S. District
      Court in Oregon against four defendants relating to their misuse of
      AMVAC's exclusive right associated with Naphthalene Acetic Acid ("NAA")
      (Amvac Chemical Corporation v. Termilind, Inc., et.al.). On November 1996,
      defendants Termilind and Inchema asserted counterclaims against AMVAC:
      violation of antitrust laws (Sherman Act section 2 and ORS 646.730),
      unfair competition, tortuous interference, defamation, and breach of
      contract. In January 1999, the court granted AMVAC's motion for partial
      summary judgement on AMVAC's claim for tortuous interference with
      prospective business relations finding that AMVAC had proved three of the
      five elements of the tort. In October 1999, AMVAC settled/concluded this
      litigation regarding its exclusive ownership of labels and registrations
      with the Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA") for NAA. In connection
      with this settlement, the Company acquired labels and registrations of
      this established product line. (See Note 10).

      ENVIRONMENTAL

                  During 2000, AMVAC continued activities to address
      environmental issues associated with its facility (the Facility) in
      Commerce, California and the adjacent railroad right-of-way.

                  In March 1997, the California Environmental Protection Agency
      Department of Toxic Substances Control (DTSC) accepted the Facility into
      its Expedited Remedial Action Program (ERAP). Under this program, the
      Facility must prepare and implement an environmental investigation plan.
      Depending on the findings of the investigation, the Facility may also be
      required to develop and implement remedial measures to address any
      historical environmental impairment. The environmental investigation and
      any remediation activities related to ten underground storage tanks at the
      Facility, which had been closed in 1995, will also be addressed by AMVAC
      under ERAP. Soil characterization activities, originally expected to
      commence in the second or their quarter of 1999, will most likely commence
      in the second or third quarter of 2001. These activities were not
      implemented in 2000 due to revisions in the site investigation plan, which
      have yet to be approved by the DTSC. Investigation and potential
      remediation activities are planned to be implemented in a phased approach
      over the next two to three years commencing upon approval by the DTSC.
      These investigation and potential


                                       52
<PAGE>   55


                          AMERICAN VANGUARD CORPORATION
                                AND SUBSIDIARIES

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, CONTINUED

      remediation activities are required at all facilities which currently
      have, or in the past had, hazardous waste storage permits. Because AMVAC
      previously held a hazardous waste management permit, AMVAC is subject to
      these requirements.

                  The Company is subject to numerous federal and state laws and
      governmental regulations concerning environmental matters and employee
      health and safety. The Company continually adapts its manufacturing
      process to the environmental control standards of the various regulatory
      agencies. The U.S. EPA and other federal and state agencies have the
      authority to promulgate regulations that could have an impact on the
      Company's operations.

                  AMVAC expends substantial funds to minimize the discharge of
      materials in the environment and to comply with the governmental
      regulations relating to protection of the environment. Wherever feasible,
      AMVAC recovers raw materials and increases product yield in order to
      partially offset increasing pollution abatement costs.

                  The Company is committed to a long-term environmental
      protection program that reduces emissions of hazardous materials into the
      environment, as well as to the remediation of identified existing
      environmental concerns. Federal and state authorities may seek fines and
      penalties for violation of the various laws and governmental regulations.
      As part of its continuing environmental program, except as disclosed
      elsewhere, the Company has been able to comply with such proceedings and
      orders without any materially adverse effect on its business.

(7)   EMPLOYEE DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN

      The Company maintains a deferred compensation plan (Plan) for all eligible
      employees. The Plan calls for each eligible employee, at the employee's
      election, to participate in an income deferral arrangement under Internal
      Revenue Code Section 401(k) whereby the Company will match the first $5.00
      of weekly employee contributions. The plan also permits employees to
      contribute an additional 15% of their salaries of which the company will
      match 50% of the first 6% of the additional contribution. The Company's
      contributions to the Plan amounted to $311,800, $250,000 and $215,400 in
      2000, 1999 and 1998.

(8)   MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND EXPORT SALES

      In 2000 there were three companies that accounted for 24%, 13% and 11% of
      the Company's consolidated sales. In 1999 there were three companies that
      accounted for 29%, 12% and 11% of the Company's consolidated sales. In
      1998, there were two major customers that accounted for 29% and 12% of the
      Company's consolidated sales. These companies are distributors or buying
      cooperatives.

      Worldwide export sales were $6,210,200, $5,399,400 and $5,085,700 for
      2000, 1999 and 1998.



                                       53
<PAGE>   56

                         AMERICAN VANGUARD CORPORATION
                                AND SUBSIDIARIES

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, CONTINUED

(9)   ROYALTIES

      The Company has various royalty agreements in place extending through
      December 2007, some of which relate to the Company's acquisition of
      certain products. Royalty expenses were $1,069,300, $ 109,400 and $149,700
      for 2000, 1999 and 1998.

(10)  BUSINESS ACQUISITIONS

      In 2000, the Company completed the acquisition of a product line from a
      wholly-owned subsidiary of a large chemical company. The purchase included
      the worldwide rights including U. S. Environmental Protection Agency
      ("EPA") registrations rights and similar regulatory entities in other
      countries worldwide, manufacturing and process technology, trademarks and
      all product related intellectual property. In addition, the Company
      entered into a royalty obligation commencing on or about May 2002 to
      continue for five years from May 2002.

      Additionally, in 2000, the Company completed the acquisition of a product
      line from a large chemical company. The Company acquired all U.S. EPA and
      state registrations, manufacturing and process technology, trademarks and
      all product related intellectual property. The acquisition included all
      rights and obligations to a closed delivery system as well as the seller's
      existing finished and semi-finished inventory including the closed
      delivery system containers. The acquired inventory was on consignment
      subject to quarterly payment terms for all inventory withdrawn from
      consignment. In the event all of the seller's inventory has not been
      withdrawn from consignment, the Company shall be obligated to pay for such
      inventory by May 1, 2001.

      In 1999, the Company settled litigation regarding its exclusive ownership
      of labels and registrations of an established product line (see Note 6).
      In connection with this settlement, the Company entered into an Exclusive
      License Agreement which granted the Company's ownership of the labels and
      EPA registrations.

      In 1998, the Company completed the acquisition of a product line from a
      wholly-owned subsidiary of a large chemical company. The Company acquired
      all of the seller's existing product as of November 1998, as well as all
      U.S. EPA and state registrations, an extensive data package, trademarks
      and all product related intellectual property. The purchase price was
      subject to certain reductions if the product registrations and uses with
      the EPA (and similar state agencies) are restricted or canceled. The
      agreement also calls for royalty payments at an agreed upon per unit price
      for all product sold in the U.S. during the calendar years 2002, 2003 and
      2004.


                                       54
<PAGE>   57
                         AMERICAN VANGUARD CORPORATION
                                AND SUBSIDIARIES

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, CONTINUED

      The following schedule represents intangible assets recognized in
      connection with business acquisitions:

                                                                  Amount
                                                               ------------
      Intangible assets at December 31, 1998                    $ 9,241,700
        Acquisitions during fiscal 1999                           1,456,300
        Amortization expense                                       (690,000)
                                                               -----------
      Intangible assets at December 31, 1999                     10,008,000
        Acquisitions during fiscal 2000                           1,450,000
        Amortization expense                                       (844,400)
                                                                -----------
      Intangible assets at December 31, 2000                    $10,613,600
                                                                ===========

      The following schedule represents the Company's obligations under product
      acquisition agreements:

                                                                    Amount
                                                                  -----------
      Obligations under acquisition agreements
        at December 31, 1998                                      $ 7,340,500
        Additional obligations acquired                             1,456,300
        Payments on existing obligations                           (3,137,900)
                                                                  -----------
      Obligations under acquisition agreements
        at December 31, 1999                                        5,658,900
        Additional obligations acquired                             1,450,000
        Payments on existing obligations                           (2,905,800)
                                                                  -----------
      Obligations under acquisition agreements
        at December 31, 2000                                      $ 4,203,100
                                                                  ===========

      Future commitments on obligations under product acquisition agreements are
      due as follows:

                  December 31                               Amount
                  -----------                             ----------
                     2001                                 $3,146,700
                     2002                                    732,300
                     2003                                    193,300
                     2004                                    130,800
                                                          ----------
                       Total                              $4,203,100
                                                          ==========
(11)  COMMITMENTS

      In July 1994, the Company entered into a consulting agreement with a
      former employee who is the current Co-Chairman of the Company's Board of
      Directors. The agreement originally was set to expire in July 1999 and
      provided for total remuneration of $1,000,000 over the five year period.
      In 1996, the consulting agreement was extended for an additional year
      through July 2000 with additional remuneration of $100,000 to be paid to
      the former employee. In 2000 the consulting agreement was extended for an
      additional year through July 2001 with an additional remuneration of
      $100,000 to be paid to the former employee.

      The Company has entered into an employment agreement with an officer which
      commenced January 15, 1999 and expires January 15, 2003. The employment
      agreement provides for fixed minimum salary levels for each year of the
      agreement through January 15, 2002. The annual increase for the year
      ending January 15, 2003 shall not be less than the increase in an agreed
      upon cost of living index.

      The Company also entered into an employment agreement with an officer of
      one of its subsidiaries. The employment agreement commenced January 1,
      1999 and expires December 31, 2001. The employment agreement provided for
      a fixed minimum salary through December 1999. Annual increases are at the
      discretion of the Board of Directors but shall not be less than the
      increase in an agreed upon cost of living index.

      Amounts to be paid under the aforementioned consulting and employment
      agreements are summarized as follows:

                Year ending
                December 31,
                   2001                        $  654,200
                   2002                           418,000
                   2003                            17,400
                                               ----------
                                               $1,089,600
                                               ==========

                                       55
<PAGE>   58

                         AMERICAN VANGUARD CORPORATION
                                AND SUBSIDIARIES

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, CONTINUED

      In November 1999, the Company entered into an operating lease for its
      corporate headquarters expiring in October 2004. The lease contains a
      provision to pass through to the Company the Company's pro rata share of
      the building's operating expenses. Rent expense for the years ended
      December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998 was $259,700, $198,654 and $137,400.
      Future minimum lease payments under the terms of the lease are as follows:

                Year ending
                December 31,
                   2001                        $  280,400
                   2002                           302,500
                   2003                           321,000
                   2004                           267,500
                                               ----------
                                               $1,171,400
                                               ==========

(12)  RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

      Research and development expenses were $2,495,200, $2,241,100 and
      $2,611,900 for the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998.

(13)  SETTLEMENT(S)

      The Company was part of a global settlement in a matter where the
      Plaintiffs alleged the contamination of water wells in Hawaii. The
      Company's portion of the settlement was $500,000. The Company recovered
      $400,000 from one of its insurers resulting in a net expense of $100,000.

      The Company was awarded a settlement of $1,845,000 by neutral arbitrators
      in a binding action. A portion of this award, $777,300, was recorded as an
      offset to related professional/legal costs in 1998. The balance appears as
      a separate line item titled "Settlement" on the Company's Consolidated
      Statements of Income for the year ended December 31, 1998.

(14)  STOCK OPTIONS

      Incentive Stock Option Plans ("ISOP")

      Under the terms of the Company's ISOP, under which options to purchase
      220,000 shares of common stock can be issued, all key employees are
      eligible to receive non-assignable and non-transferrable options to
      purchase shares. The exercise price of any option may not be less than the
      fair market value of the shares on the date of grant; provided, however,
      that the exercise price of any option granted to an eligible employee
      owning more than 10% of the outstanding common stock may not be less than
      110% of the fair market value of the shares underlying such option on the
      date of grant. No options granted may be exercisable more than five years
      after the date of grant. The options granted generally vest evenly over a
      three year period, beginning from the date of the grant. There were no
      options granted under the Company ISOP in During 2000.

      Nonstatutory Stock Options ("NSSO")

      During 2000, the Company granted nonstatutory stock options to purchase an
      aggregate of 6,000 shares of common stock to three individuals. These
      options are non-assignable and non-transferable, are exercisable over a
      five year period from the date of grant and vested upon grant.

      Option activity within each plan is as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                  Non-          Weighted
                                                 Incentive      Statutory       Average
                                               Stock Option      Stock           Price
                                                   Plans         Options       Per Share
                                               ------------     ---------      ---------
<S>                                             <C>            <C>              <C>
Balance outstanding, December 31, 1997             2,200          34,000         $ 6.00
  Options granted, $5.20                              --           5,000         $ 5.20
                                                   -----         -------         ------
Balance outstanding, December 31, 1998             2,200          39,000         $ 5.90
  Options granted, range from $4.72 - $5.95        1,100          90,750         $ 5.00
                                                   -----         -------         ------
Balance outstanding, December 31, 1999             3,300         129,750         $ 5.08
  Options granted, $8.13                              --           6,000         $ 8.13
  Options exercised, $5.20                            --          (6,000)        $(5.20)
                                                   -----         -------         ------
Balance outstanding, December 31, 2000             3,300         129,750         $ 5.59
                                                   =====         =======         ======
</TABLE>

                                       56
<PAGE>   59
                         AMERICAN VANGUARD CORPORATION
                                AND SUBSIDIARIES

             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, CONTINUED

      Information relating to stock options at December 31, 2000 summarized by
      exercise price are as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                Outstanding                        Exercisable
                                    ------------------------------------      --------------------
                                              Weighted Average                  Weighted Average
                                    ------------------------------------      --------------------
                                                    Life        Exercise                  Exercise
                                     Shares       (Months)       Price        Shares        Price
                                    -------       --------      --------      ------      --------
<S>                                 <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>         <C>
Exercise Price Per Share

Incentive Stock Option Plan:
  $5.95                               1,100         52.00        $ 5.95        1,100        $ 5.95
  $6.36                               2,200         12.00        $ 6.36        2,200        $ 6.36
                                    -------        ------        ------       ------        ------
                                      3,300         25.35        $ 6.22        3,000        $ 6.22
                                    =======        ======        ======       ======        ======

Nonstatutory Stock Options:
  $4.44 - $4.72                      68,750         29.00        $ 4.66       35,750        $ 4.61
  $5.20 - $5.88                      41,250         31.33        $ 5.46       19,250        $ 5.65
  $8.13 - $9.36                      19,750         17.10        $ 8.98       19,750        $ 8.98
                                    -------        ------        ------       ------        ------
                                    129,750         27.93        $ 5.57       74,750        $ 6.03
                                    =======        ======        ======       ======        ======
</TABLE>

      All stock options issued to employees have an exercise price not less than
      the fair market value of the Company's common stock on the date of the
      grant, and in accordance with accounting for such options utilizing the
      intrinsic value method there is no related compensation expense recorded
      in the Company's consolidated financial statements. Had compensation cost
      for stock-based compensation been determined based on the fair value of
      the grant dates consistent with the method of FASB 123, the Company's net
      loss and loss per share for the years ended December 31, 2000 and 1999
      would have been increased to the pro forma amounts presented:

                                        2000           1999             1998
                                     ----------      ----------      ----------
      Net income attributable to
        common stockholders          $4,311,200      $3,235,500      $2,126,500
      Pro forma                      $4,287,649      $3,211,949      $2,116,622

      Earnings per common share      $     1.60      $     1.19      $      .77
      Pro forma                      $     1.59      $     1.18      $      .77

      The fair value of option grants is estimated on the date of grant
      utilizing the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the weighted average
      assumptions for grants in 2000; expected life of options was 5 years,
      expected volatility of 11.8%, risk-free interest rate of 5% and a 0%
      dividend yield. The weighted average fair value on the date of grants for
      options granted during 2000 was $8.13 per option.

(15)  SUBSEQUENT EVENT - UNAUDITED

      On March 20, 2001, the Company announced that the Board of Directors
      declared a cash dividend of $.11 per share as well as a 10% stock
      dividend. Both dividends will be distributed on April 13,2001 to
      shareholders of record at the close of business on March 30, 2001. The
      cash dividend will be paid on the number of shares outstanding prior to
      the 10% stock dividend. Shareholders entitled to fractional shares
      resulting from the 10% stock dividend will receive cash in lieu of such
      fractional share based on the closing price of the Company's stock on
      March 30, 2001.

(16) QUARTERLY DATA - UNAUDITED

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                  MARCH 31      JUNE 30     SEPTEMBER 30   DECEMBER 31
                                                 ----------    ----------   ------------   -----------
<S>                                              <C>            <C>           <C>           <C>
      QUARTERLY DATA - 2000

      Net Sales                                 $11,785,800    $17,803,800   $21,421,800   $26,968,300
      Gross Profit                                5,502,300      8,786,700     8,869,700    13,414,600
      Net Income                                     77,700        689,200     1,017,100     2,527,200
      Basic Net income per share                        .03            .26           .38           .95
      Diluted net income per share                      .03            .25           .37           .93

      QUARTERLY DATA - 1999

      Net Sales                                  10,186,200     17,660,100    17,119,800    24,245,600
      Gross Profit                                4,221,500      8,163,500     7,355,700    13,522,100
      Net Income (loss)                            (525,400)       619,300       679,100     2,462,500
      Basic and diluted net income
        (loss) per share                               (.19)           .23           .25           .91
</TABLE>


                                       57
<PAGE>   60

                                INDEX TO EXHIBITS

                                   ITEM 14(a)3

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                              Page
                                                                                                          Sequentially
                                                                                                            Numbered
                                                                                                          ------------
<S>                                                                                                       <C>
          2.1         Purchase and Sales Agreement dated November
                      15, 1993, between Amvac Chemical Corporation
                      and E.I. du Pont de Nemours and Company.(4)                                               --

          3.1         Certificate of Incorporation of
                      Registrant.(1)                                                                            --

          3.2         Bylaws of Registrant (as amended as of
                      January 14, 1993).(3)                                                                     --

          4.1         Specimen Certificate of Common Stock.(2)                                                  --

         10.1         Indemnification Agreement dated January 6,
                      1993 between Registrant and each of its
                      officers and directors.(3)                                                                --

         10.2         Line of Credit Agreement dated June 18,
                      1991, related amendments one through eight
                      between the Registrant and Sanwa Bank
                      California and related Security Agreement.(3)                                             --

         10.3         Line of Credit Agreement dated April 30,
                      1993, and related amendments, between the
                      Registrant and Sanwa Bank California and
                      related Security Agreement.(5)                                                            --

         10.4         Line of Credit Agreement dated April 14,
                      1994, and related amendments, between the
                      Registrant and Sanwa Bank California and
                      related Security Agreement.(6)                                                            --

         10.5         Employment Agreement between American
                      Vanguard Corporation and Eric G.
                      Wintemute.(6)                                                                             --

         10.6         Employment Agreement between American
                      Vanguard Corporation and Alfred J. Moskal.(6)                                             --

         10.7         Employment Agreement between American
                      Vanguard Corporation and Robert F.
</TABLE>


                                       58
<PAGE>   61

<TABLE>
<S>                                                                                                       <C>

                      Gilbane.(6)                                                                               --

         10.8         Agreement and General Release between
                      American Vanguard Corporation and Herbert
                      A. Kraft.(6)                                                                              --

         10.9         Agreement and General Release between
                      American Vanguard Corporation and Glenn A.
                      Wintemute.(6)                                                                             --

         10.10        American Vanguard Corporation
                      1994 Stock Incentive Plan.(7)                                                             --

         10.11        Amended and Restated Credit Agreement
                      dated September 12, 1995, and related
                      documents between the Registrant and
                      Sanwa Bank California.(8)                                                                 --

         10.12        Employment Agreement between American
                      Vanguard Corporation and Eric G. Wintemute(9)                                             --

         10.13        Amendment to Credit Agreement dated
                      July 6, 2000, and related documents between
                      Registrant and Sanwa Bank California                                                      60

         21.          List of Subsidiaries of Registrant                                                        64

</TABLE>

----------------------

(1)    Incorporated by reference as an Exhibit to Registrant's Form 10
       Registration Statement No. 2-85599 filed June 13, 1972.

(2)    Incorporated by reference as an Exhibit to Registrant's Form 10-K filed
       June 13, 1972.

(3)    Incorporated by reference as an Exhibit to Registrant's Form 10-K filed
       March 30, 1993.

(4)    Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant's Current
       Report on Form 8-K dated November 23, 1993.

(5)    Incorporated by reference as an Exhibit to Registrant's Form 10-K filed
       March 30, 1994.

(6)    Incorporated by reference as an Exhibit to Registrant's Form 10-K filed
       March 30, 1995.

(7)    Incorporated by reference as Appendix A to Registrant's Proxy Material
       filed June 3, 1995.

(8)    Incorporated by reference as an Exhibit to Registrant's Form 10-K filed
       March 28, 1996.

(9)    Incorporated by reference as an Exhibit to Registrant's Form 10-K filed
       March 29, 2000.

                                       59
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
