<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>e10-k.txt
<DESCRIPTION>PIONEER-STANDARD ELECTRONICS, INC.   10-K
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

                                    FORM 10-K

                        FOR ANNUAL AND TRANSITION REPORTS
                     PURSUANT TO SECTIONS 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
                         SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

[X] ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
    ACT OF 1934

    For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2000

                                       OR

[ ] TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
    EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

    For the transition period from ________________ to ________________

                           Commission File No. 0-5734

                       PIONEER-STANDARD ELECTRONICS, INC.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

              Ohio                                           34-0907152
    (State or other jurisdiction                         (I.R.S. employer
    of incorporation or organization)                    identification no.)

   6065 Parkland Boulevard, Mayfield                            44124
             Heights, Ohio                                    (Zip code)
 (Address of principal executive offices)

       Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (440) 720-8500

        SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OF THE ACT: None
           SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(g) OF THE ACT:

                        Common Shares, without par value
                          Common Share Purchase Rights

         Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirement for the past 90 days.  Yes X    No
                                             ---     ---

         Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to
Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein and will not be contained, to
the best of Registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K Annual Report
or any amendment to this Form 10-K.  [ ]

         The aggregate market value of voting shares of the Registrant held by
non-affiliates was $338,032,724 as of June 5, 2000, computed on the basis of the
last reported sale price per share ($13.50) of such shares on the Nasdaq
National Market. Common Shares held by each officer, Director and person who
owns or may be deemed to own 10% or more of the outstanding Common Shares have
been excluded because such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This
determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination
for other purposes.

         As of June 5, 2000, the Registrant had the following number of Common
Shares outstanding: 31,541,780.


<PAGE>   2



                       DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE


         Portions of the Registrant's definitive Proxy Statement to be used in
connection with its Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on July 25, 2000
are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Form 10-K.

         Portions of the Registrant's Annual Report to Shareholders for the
fiscal year ended March 31, 2000 are incorporated by reference into Parts II and
IV of this Form 10-K.

         Except as otherwise stated, the information contained in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K is as of March 31, 2000.


                                     PART I

ITEM 1.  BUSINESS

         (a) Pioneer-Standard Electronics, Inc. was organized as an Ohio
corporation in 1963 and maintains its principal office at 6065 Parkland
Boulevard, Mayfield Heights, Ohio 44124 (telephone number (440) 720-8500).
Except as otherwise stated, the term "Company" as used herein shall mean
Pioneer-Standard Electronics, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries.

         DESCRIPTION OF SEGMENTS - The Company's business is classified into
two segments: Computer Systems and Industrial Electronics.

         Computer Systems. The Company's computer systems distribution and
value-added services business is conducted by its Computer Systems segment.
Through this segment the Company distributes a wide variety of systems products,
including mid-range computer systems and high-end platforms, storage subsystems,
software, servers, computers (primarily mini and personal), display terminals
and networking products. As a complement to its systems distributor operations,
the Company provides value-added services including systems integration,
enterprise resource planning systems design and network consulting. The
Company's systems products and value-added services accounted for 48% of the
Company's sales in fiscal 2000 compared with 50% in 1999 and 40% in 1998.

         Industrial Electronics. The Company's Industrial Electronics segment
conducts the operations of the Company related to industrial electronics
products distribution. Products sold by this segment may be classified into two
broad categories: semiconductors and interconnect, passive and electromechanical
components. The semiconductor products distributed by this segment include
microprocessors, memory devices, programmable logic devices and analog and
digital integrated circuits and other semiconductor devices. This segment's
interconnect, passive and electromechanical product offerings include
capacitors, connectors, resistors, switches and power conditioning equipment.
This segment also provides value-added services associated with industrial
electronic products, such as point of use inventory management, just-in-time
kitting operations, turnkey assembly, memory and logic device programming,
connector and cable



                                       2
<PAGE>   3


assemblies to customer specifications and power products integration. Sales of
industrial electronics products constituted 52% of the Company's total sales in
fiscal 2000, compared with 50% in 1999 and 60% in 1998.

         For financial information regarding the Company's two business
segments, see Note 6 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of the
Company.

         PRODUCTS DISTRIBUTED AND SOURCES OF SUPPLY - The Company distributes
products supplied by more than 100 manufacturers. A majority of the Company's
revenues comes from products sourced by relatively few suppliers. During the
2000 fiscal year, products purchased from the Company's three largest suppliers
accounted for 59% of the Company's sales volume. The largest three suppliers,
Compaq (including Digital Equipment Corporation), IBM and Intel Corporation,
supplied 21%, 20% and 18%, respectively, of the Company's sales volume. The loss
of any one of the top three suppliers and/or a combination of certain other
suppliers could have a material adverse effect on the Company's sales and
earnings unless alternative products manufactured by others are available to the
Company.

         INVENTORY - The Company believes that it must maintain certain levels
of inventory in order to ensure that the lead times to its customers remain
competitive. However, to minimize its inventory exposure, the Company has
arrangements with certain of its suppliers for "just in time" product delivery.
The majority of the products sold by the Company are purchased pursuant to
distributor agreements which generally provide for inventory return privileges
by the Company upon cancellation of a distributor agreement. The distributor
agreements also typically provide protection to the Company for product
obsolescence and price erosion. The Company believes it has good relationships
with its suppliers.

         CUSTOMERS - The Company serves over 24,000 customers in many major
markets of North America. Both of the Company's segments have a varied customer
base which includes original equipment manufacturers (which constitute the core
customer base of the Industrial Electronics segment), value-added resellers,
research laboratories, government agencies and commercial end-users, including
manufacturing companies and service and other non-manufacturing organizations.
No single customer accounted for more than ten percent of the Company's total
sales or the sales of either segment during the fiscal year 2000.

         BACKLOG - The Company historically has not had a significant backlog of
orders, although some shipments may be scheduled for delivery over an extended
period of time. There was not a significant backlog during the last fiscal year.

         COMPETITION - The sale and distribution of industrial electronic and
computer systems products are highly competitive, primarily with respect to
price and product availability, but also with respect to service, variety and
availability of products carried, number of locations and promptness of service.
Many of the distributors with which the Company competes are regional or local
distributors. However, several of the Company's strongest competitors have
national and international distribution businesses. The Company also experiences
competition from


                                       3
<PAGE>   4


manufacturers, including some of the Company's suppliers, who may sell directly
to the industrial and end-user account base.

         EMPLOYEES - As of March 31, 2000, the Company had 2,481 employees. The
Company is not a party to any collective bargaining agreement, has had no
strikes or work stoppages and considers its employee relations to be excellent.

         (d) The Company distributes its products principally in the United
States and Canada. Export sales are not a significant portion of the Company's
sales.

ITEM 2.  PROPERTIES

         The Company owns the 87,000 square foot facility, located in Cleveland,
Ohio and the 106,000 square foot facility, located in Twinsburg, Ohio, that
houses its industrial electronics distribution center. The Company relocated
certain of its corporate offices to a 60,000 square foot facility located in
Mayfield Heights, Ohio, as to which the Company entered into an 11 year lease in
April 1999. The Company's operations occupy a total of approximately 1,343,000
square feet, with the majority, approximately 1,198,000 square feet, devoted to
product distribution facilities. Of the approximately 1,343,000 square feet
occupied, 226,000 square feet are owned and 1,117,000 square feet are occupied
under operating leases. The Company's facilities of 100,000 square feet or
larger, as of March 31, 2000, are set forth in the table below.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                       TYPE OF                APPROXIMATE            LEASED OR               SEGMENT
LOCATION               FACILITY             SQUARE FOOTAGE             OWNED             USING FACILITY
--------               --------             --------------           ---------           --------------
<S>                    <C>                   <C>                      <C>           <C>
Solon, Ohio            Distribution          174,000                  Leased        Industrial Electronics

Solon, Ohio            Distribution          224,600                  Leased           Computer Systems

Solon, Ohio            Distribution          102,500                  Leased        Industrial Electronics
                                                                                       and Computer Systems

Twinsburg, Ohio        Distribution          106,000                  Owned         Industrial Electronics
</TABLE>


         The Company's major leases contain renewal options for periods of up to
ten years. For information concerning the Company's rental obligations, see Note
4 (Leases) of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company. The
Company believes that its distribution and office facilities are well maintained
and suitable for the operations of the Company.


                                       4
<PAGE>   5


ITEM 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

         As of March 31, 2000, the Company was not a party to any material
pending legal proceedings.

ITEM 4.  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

         No matters were submitted to a vote of the Company's security holders
during the last quarter of its fiscal year ended March 31, 2000.



                                       5
<PAGE>   6


         EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE COMPANY (1)

         The name, age and positions of each executive officer of the Company as
of June 1, 2000 are as follows:

               Name               Age                   Position
               ----               ---                   --------
         James L. Bayman          63        Chairman of the Board of the Company
                                            since April 1, 1996 and Chief
                                            Executive Officer of the Company
                                            since April 3, 1995. President of
                                            the Company from June, 1984 to April
                                            29, 1997. Chief Operating Officer of
                                            the Company from June, 1984 to April
                                            3, 1995.

         Arthur Rhein             54        President and Chief Operating
                                            Officer of the Company since April
                                            29, 1997; Senior Vice President of
                                            the Company from 1993 to April 29,
                                            1997 and Vice President - Marketing
                                            of the Company from 1986 to 1993.

         Steven M. Billick        44        Senior Vice President and Chief
                                            Financial Officer of the Company
                                            since April 26, 2000.

         Thomas G. Pitera         45        President of the Company's
                                            Industrial Electronics Division
                                            since April 1, 1998.

         Lawrence N. Schultz      52        Secretary of the Company since 1999.
                                            Partner of the law firm of Calfee,
                                            Halter & Griswold LLP (2).

--------------------------

(1)  The description of Executive Officers called for in this Item is included
     pursuant to Instruction 3 to Section (b) of Item 401 of Regulation S-K.

(2)  The law firm of Calfee, Halter & Griswold LLP serves as counsel to the
     Company.

         There is no relationship by blood, marriage or adoption among the
above-listed officers. Messrs. Bayman, Rhein and Billick hold office until
terminated as set forth in their employment agreements. Mr. Schultz holds office
until his successor is elected by the Board of Directors.


                                       6
<PAGE>   7



                                     PART II

ITEM 5.  MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS

         The Company's Common Shares, without par value, are traded on the
Nasdaq National Market. Common Share prices are quoted daily under the symbol
"PIOS." The high and low sales prices for the Common Shares, the cash dividends
paid on the Common Shares and additional information for each quarter of the two
most recent fiscal years required by this Item are set forth at page 33 of the
Company's 2000 Annual Report to Shareholders, which information is incorporated
herein by reference.

         Cash dividends are payable quarterly upon authorization by the Board of
Directors. Regular payment dates are the first day of August, November, February
and May. The Company maintains a Dividend Reinvestment Plan whereby cash
dividends and a maximum of an additional $5,000 per month may be invested in the
Company's Common Shares at no commission cost.

         On April 27, 1999, the Company adopted a Common Share Purchase Rights
Plan. For further information about the Common Share Purchase Rights Plan, see
Note 8 (Shareholders' Equity) of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of
the Company.

ITEM 6.  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

         The information required by this Item is set forth at page 34 of the
Company's 2000 Annual Report to Shareholders, which information is incorporated
herein by reference.

ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
         OF OPERATIONS

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

FISCAL 2000 COMPARED WITH FISCAL 1999

CONSOLIDATED SALES

Fiscal 2000 was the 14th consecutive year of record sales and the 28th year in
the 29 years the Company has been public in which sales increased. Net sales for
the year ended March 31, 2000, of $2,550.7 million increased 13 percent over
sales of the prior year of $2,259.1 million. Both of the Company's segments
contributed to the increase in sales.

SEGMENT SALES

The Company's business is classified into two operating segments:


                                       7
<PAGE>   8


Computer Systems products include mid-range computer systems and high-end
platforms, storage subsystems, software, servers, personal computers, display
terminals and networking products.

Computer systems accounted for 48 percent of the Company's sales in fiscal 2000
compared with 50 percent a year ago. Sales of computer systems increased 8
percent in fiscal 2000.

Industrial Electronics products are comprised of semiconductors, and
interconnect, passive and electromechanical products. Semiconductors are the
building blocks of computer chips and include microprocessors, memory devices,
programmable logic devices, and analog and digital integrated circuits.
Interconnect, passive and electromechanical products are devices that move or
use an electrical signal and include capacitors, connectors, resistors,
potentiometers, switches and power conditioning equipment.

Industrial electronics accounted for 52 percent of sales in fiscal 2000 compared
with 50 percent a year ago. The increase in industrial electronics sales of 18
percent in fiscal 2000 is primarily attributable to the increased demand for
semiconductors from the Internet and communications markets.

GROSS MARGINS

Gross margin for the consolidated operations decreased to 15.5 percent for
fiscal 2000 from 15.6 percent in the prior year.

The gross margin for computer systems declined to 14.8 percent of sales in
fiscal 2000 from 16.4 percent a year ago. The decrease is primarily attributable
to continued pricing pressures within the market.

The gross margin for industrial electronics increased to 16.2 percent in fiscal
2000 from 14.8 percent a year ago. The increase is attributable primarily to the
industry's strengthening demand versus supply, positively impacting average
selling prices.

Management expects overall gross margin pressure to continue in the next fiscal
year.

OPERATING EFFICIENCIES

Warehouse, selling and administrative expenses for consolidated operations were
11.5 percent of sales in fiscal 2000, down from 11.8 percent of sales in the
prior year. During 2000, the improvements came from operating efficiencies,
coupled with the effects of cost controls.

Efficiencies were realized through improved employee productivity and working
capital management. Sales per employee increased to $1,038,000 from $879,000 in
1999, which represents a gain of approximately 18 percent. Accounts receivable
remained at 44 days in 2000. Inventory turnover of 6.1 times increased from 5.5
times in the prior year.


                                       8
<PAGE>   9


The resulting consolidated operating profit of $101.5 million was up 19 percent
from $84.9 million in 1999. Consolidated operating profit was 4.0 percent of
sales in 2000 compared with 3.8 percent of sales in 1999, reflecting the
operating expense improvement in fiscal 2000.

Operating profit margin for computer systems of 3.1 percent decreased from 4.4
percent in fiscal 1999 primarily due to pricing pressures.

Operating profit margin for industrial electronics increased to 4.8 percent from
3.1 percent in fiscal 1999 primarily because of the improvement in gross margin
due to increased demand in relationship to supply.

OTHER INCOME

In fiscal 2000, the Company recorded a pre-tax gain of $1.8 million related to
the sale and disposal of assets no longer required in the business.

INTEREST EXPENSE

Interest expense was $26.1 million, net of $0.8 million capitalized, in fiscal
2000 compared with $24.3 million a year ago. The increased interest expense is
primarily attributable to the additional debt to fund working capital and
capital expenditures needed to support the ongoing growth needs of the business.

TAXES

The effective tax rate for fiscal 2000 was 40.4 percent compared with 39.6
percent a year ago. The tax rate increase was primarily due to the unrecognized
tax benefits associated with the current year operating loss of the Company's
Canadian subsidiary.

NET INCOME

Primarily as a result of the factors noted above, the Company's net income for
fiscal 2000 reached a record high of $40.1 million, an increase of 30 percent,
or $9.3 million, over fiscal 1999 income of $30.8 million.

Diluted earnings per share for fiscal 2000 increased to $1.27 from $1.03 in the
previous year.


                                       9
<PAGE>   10


FISCAL 1999 COMPARED WITH FISCAL 1998

SALES

Fiscal 1999 consolidated net sales of $2,259.1 million in-creased 34 percent
over sales in the prior year of $1,685.3 million. The increase was primarily
attributable to higher sales volume of computer systems resulting from the
acquisition of Dickens Data Systems, Inc. ("Dickens") on March 31, 1998.
Including the sales of Dickens with the prior year on a pro forma basis, fiscal
1999 sales increased 10 percent compared with fiscal 1998.

Computer systems sales increased 68 percent in fiscal 1999 primarily due to
added sales resulting from the Dickens acquisition discussed above. This segment
accounted for 50 percent of sales in fiscal 1999 compared with 40 percent in the
prior year.

Industrial electronics net sales increased 12 percent in fiscal 1999 primarily
attributable to the increased sales of the high-volume, low-margin semiconductor
products.

GROSS MARGINS

The fiscal 1999 consolidated gross margin of 15.6 percent decreased from 17.7
percent in the prior year. Both operating segments experienced declines in gross
margin in fiscal 1999 as described below.

Computer systems gross margin decreased to 16.4 percent from 18.7 percent
primarily due to the Dickens sales earning a lower gross margin compared with
the other computer systems sales. The gross margin for industrial electronics
declined to 14.8 percent in fiscal 1999 from 17.1 percent in 1998. The decrease
was attributable primarily to the increase in sales of high-volume, low-margin
products and to the industry's excess semiconductor supply versus demand.

OPERATING EFFICIENCIES

Warehouse, selling and administrative consolidated expenses were 11.8 percent of
sales in fiscal 1999 and 13.4 percent in 1998. During 1999, gains resulted from
improvements due to leveraging expenses on higher sales volume, coupled with the
effects of implementing cost controls.

Efficiencies were realized through improved employee productivity and inventory
turnover. Sales per employee increased to $879,000 from $766,000 in 1998.
Receivable collections were 44 days in 1999 and 1998. Inventory turnover of 5.5
times in 1999 increased from 4.4 times in the prior year.


                                       10
<PAGE>   11


The resulting consolidated operating profit of $84.9 million was up 16 percent
from $73.0 million in 1998. Consolidated operating profit was 3.8 percent of
sales in 1999 compared with 4.3 percent of sales in 1998, reflecting the gross
margin erosion in fiscal 1999 discussed above.

Computer systems operating profit as a percent of sales decreased to 4.4 percent
in 1999 from 5.4 percent in 1998, primarily due to the integration of Dickens.

Industrial Electronics operating profit as a percent of sales declined to 3.1
percent in 1999 from 3.6 percent in 1998 primarily due to the gross margin
erosion from the excess capacity in the semiconductor industry.

INTEREST EXPENSE

Interest expense was $24.3 million in fiscal 1999 compared with $20.7 million in
fiscal 1998. The increased interest expense is attributable to additional debt
incurred to fund working capital and capital expenditure requirements necessary
to support the ongoing growth needs of the business, as well as the effect of
the acquisition of Dickens.

TAXES

The effective tax rate was 39.6 percent for fiscal 1999 compared with 41.4
percent in fiscal 1998. The tax rate decrease was primarily due to the
utilization of the operating loss carryforward of the Canadian subsidiary and
lower effective state tax rates.

NET INCOME

Primarily as a result of the factors noted above, the Company reported net
income for fiscal 1999 of $30.8 million - an increase of $0.3 million, or 1
percent over fiscal 1998 net income of $30.5 million.

Diluted earnings per share for fiscal 1999 decreased to $1.03 from $1.14 in the
previous year. The average diluted shares outstanding increased to 35.7 million
in fiscal 1999 from 26.9 million the prior year primarily due to the issuance of
convertible trust preferred securities a year ago.

RISK CONTROL

The Company has assets, liabilities and cash flows in foreign currencies
creating foreign exchange risk with the primary foreign currency being the
Canadian dollar. Systems are in place for continuous measurement and evaluation
of foreign exchange exposures so that timely action can be taken when considered
desirable. Reducing exposure to foreign currency fluctuations is an integral
part of the Company's risk management program. Financial instruments in the form
of forward exchange contracts are employed as one of the methods to



                                       11
<PAGE>   12


reduce such risk. At March 31, 2000, one forward exchange contract in the amount
of $2.7 million existed with a maturity of 30 days. The foreign exchange
contracts have had an immaterial impact on the Company's results of operations
for the fiscal years ended 2000, 1999 and 1998.

The Company has entered into several interest rate swap agreements for purposes
of serving as a hedge of the Company's variable rate credit agreement
borrowings. The effect of the swaps is to establish fixed rates on the variable
rate debt and to reduce exposure to interest rate fluctuations. At March 31,
2000, the Company had interest rate swaps with a notional amount of $70 million.
Pursuant to these agreements, the Company pays interest at a weighted average
fixed rate of 5.47 percent. The weighted average LIBOR rates applicable to these
agreements were 6.11 percent at March 31, 2000. The swap agreements have had an
immaterial impact on the Company's results of operations for the fiscal years
ended 2000, 1999 and 1998.

The Company is exposed to interest rate risk from the revolving credit
facility's various floating rate pricing mechanisms. This interest rate exposure
is managed by the interest rate swaps to fix the interest rate on a portion of
the debt and the use of multiple maturity dates. If interest rates were to
increase 100 basis points (1 percent) from March 31, 2000 rates, and assuming no
changes in debt from March 31, 2000 levels, the additional annualized net
expense would be approximately $1.2 million or $.02 per diluted share.

The Company is exposed to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the
other party to the derivative financial instruments. The Company limits this
exposure by entering into agreements with major financial institutions that meet
credit standards established by the Company and that are expected to satisfy
fully their obligations under the contracts.

The Company extends credit based on customers' financial conditions, and
generally, collateral is not required. The Company obtains credit insurance in
certain circumstances to protect its interests. Credit losses are provided for
in the financial statements when collections are in doubt.

Inflation has had a nominal effect on the Company's operations.

NEW ACCOUNTING STANDARDS

In 1998, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 133, "Accounting for Derivative Instruments and
Hedging Activities," which requires all derivatives to be recognized on the
balance sheet at fair value. This statement is effective for fiscal years
beginning after June 15, 2000. Derivatives that are not hedges must be adjusted
to fair value through income. If the derivative is a hedge, depending on the
nature of the hedge, changes in the fair value of the derivative will either be
offset against the change in fair value of the hedged assets, liabilities or
firm commitments through earnings or recognized in other comprehensive income
until the hedged item is recognized in earnings. Management is in the process of
analyzing and assessing the impact of the adoption



                                       12
<PAGE>   13


of SFAS 133 on the Company's consolidated results of operations and financial
position. The Company must adopt the statement no later than April 1, 2001.

In December 1999, the Securities and Exchange Commission issued Staff Accounting
Bulletin (SAB) 101, "Revenue Recognition in Financial Statements," which
summarizes the staff's views regarding the application of generally accepted
accounting principles to selected revenue recognition issues and is effective
January 1, 2001 for the Company. The Company is currently assessing the impact
SAB 101 will have on the Company's results of operations.

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

Current assets including cash increased by $124.5 million and current
liabilities increased by $99.3 million for the year ended March 31, 2000,
resulting in an increase of $25.2 million of working capital. Increased sales in
the fourth quarter of fiscal 2000 compared with the same quarter a year ago, and
the weighting of sales within the fourth quarter resulted in increased current
asset needs. The increase in current liabilities is primarily attributable to
increased inventory funding requirements. The Company's current ratio was 2.7:1
at March 31, 2000, and 3.4:1 at year-end March 31, 1999.

The Company's revolving credit facility has a total capacity of $260.0 million,
all of which may be borrowed as of March 31, 2000 in accordance with
availability requirements which are subject to meeting certain minimum ratios.
As of March 31, 2000, $170.0 million was borrowed under the facility. A year
ago, such borrowings aggregated $160.0 million.

Capital expenditures were $36.0 million in fiscal 2000 compared with $22.2
million in 1999. This spending reflects ongoing initiatives designed to improve
efficiencies through computer enhancement of operating processes as well as
expanded facilities. Management estimates that capital expenditures will be in
the range of $25.0 million in fiscal 2001.

During fiscal 2000, the Company made additional investments in World Peace
Industrial Co. Ltd., Eurodis Electron PLC and two other investments in the
United States totaling $13.9 million. These investments further the Company's
growth strategy by offering access to an extensive distribution network in the
Asia-Pacific region, Europe and markets within the United States. Subsequent to
year end, in May 2000, the Company purchased a minority equity interest in
Magirus AG, a leading European computer systems distributor. Headquartered in
Stuttgart, Magirus employs more than 300 people in Germany, Austria, France,
Italy, Spain and Switzerland.

During fiscal 2000, total interest-bearing debt increased by $23.3 million. The
increase in debt is primarily attributable to funding working capital
requirements. The ratio of interest-bearing debt to capitalization was 43
percent at March 31, 2000 compared with 44 percent a year ago.

The Company believes that cash generated from operations and amounts available
under its credit facility are sufficient to fund its working capital and capital
expenditure requirements.


                                       13
<PAGE>   14


INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SYSTEMS

The Company capitalized approximately $34.2 million in fiscal 1998 and 1999 in
connection with the acquisition and installation of an enterprise-wide
information technology "IT" system. Amounts representing approximately $11.5
million of these expenditures were operational in fiscal 1999 and $8.5 million
are planned to become operational in fiscal 2001. The balance of $14.2 million
represents work-in-process components which are not yet operational. The Company
is evaluating these components and presently has no reason to believe that they
will not become operational. In addition, management believes there would be no
material adverse effect on the financial condition or results of operations of
the Company should such components require further modification or replacement.
It is contemplated that implementation for completing the balance of the IT
system installation will commence in fiscal 2001.

YEAR 2000

The Company completed its year 2000 remediation efforts and, since the turn of
the century, has not experienced any significant problems internally or with
suppliers and customers in connection with this event. Nevertheless, there still
remain some future dates that could potentially cause computer system problems.
The Company continues to monitor these dates and address any necessary
remediation but does not anticipate any major impact on its operations.

OTHER EVENTS

On May 13, 1999, ProGen Technologies, Inc. "ProGen", one of the Company's major
customers, filed for protection under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code in
the Central District of the State of California. On June 18, 1999, ProGen made a
motion, which was granted, to convert its Chapter 11 proceeding to a Chapter 7
proceeding. At the time of the bankruptcy filing, ProGen owed the Company
approximately $9.3 million. The bankruptcy court has appointed a Trustee who has
proceeded with liquidation of the assets of ProGen. The Company continues to
assert its security interest and rights in the bankruptcy proceedings. At this
time, management believes, due to the Company's status in the bankruptcy
proceedings, any effects resulting from this matter will not have a material
adverse effect on the consolidated financial condition or results of operations
of the Company.

On February 11, 2000, the Company experienced a fire at its Twinsburg, Ohio
distribution center. This event affected approximately 3 percent of the
Company's inventory but caused no structural damage or major disruption. The
Company believes it has adequate insurance coverage to offset any property loss
or business impact resulting from the fire.



                                       14
<PAGE>   15


FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION

Portions of this report contain current management expectations which may
constitute forward-looking information. The Company's performance may differ
materially from that contemplated by such statements for a variety of reasons,
including, but not limited to: competition, dependence on the computer market,
inventory obsolescence and technology changes, dependence on key suppliers,
effects of industry consolidation, risks and uncertainties involving
acquisitions, instability in world financial markets, downward pressure on gross
margins, uneven patterns of inter-quarter and intra-quarter sales, and
management of growth of the business.

Competition

         The Company is a distributor in the industrial electronics and computer
systems industry, which has been highly competitive in recent years. The Company
faces intense competition in two major respects: in obtaining sources of supply
for the products distributed, and in developing relationships with customers. In
the case of semiconductor and computer systems products, the Company competes
for customers with other distributors as well as with some of its suppliers.
Some of the Company's competitors are larger and more established and have
greater financial and other resources, which may enable them to compete more
effectively. Also, it is possible that an increasing number of suppliers may
decide to distribute their products directly to the customer, which will
heighten competitive pressures further. Due to continuing competitive pressures,
the Company's gross margins have declined in recent years, and the Company
expects continued pressure on gross margins in the foreseeable future.

Softening in the Computer Network and Platform Market

         The Company distributes many products that are used in the manufacture
or configuration of mid-range computer systems and high-end platforms. The
technology used in these products has changed rapidly over the last several
years, resulting in short life cycles for these products. Because the Company's
customers have been forced to replace systems that have become technologically
obsolete in a relatively short period of time, the Company has experienced
substantial demand for these products that has contributed significantly to its
revenue growth. A slowdown in this market could have a substantial negative
effect on the Company's revenues and results of operations.

Fluctuations in Semiconductor Supply and Demand

         The semiconductor market historically has experienced fluctuations in
product supply and demand associated with technology changes and supply
capability occurring from time to time. At times when product supply has been
high relative to demand, prices for those products have declined. The Company
has attempted to minimize the effect of these price fluctuations in its
distribution arrangements. The Company's gross margins may nevertheless be
negatively affected if an excess supply of semiconductors causes a general
decline in prices for those products. If there is a shortage of semiconductor
supply, the Company's results of operations


                                       15
<PAGE>   16


will depend on how much product it is able to obtain from suppliers to sell and
how quickly the Company receives shipments of those products. There can be no
assurance that supply and demand fluctuations in the semiconductor market will
not have a material adverse effect on the Company's results of operations and
business.

Risks Related to Rapidly Changing Technology

          The Company's results of operations will depend in part on successful
management of the challenges of rapidly changing technology and evolving
industry standards characteristic of the market for industrial electronics and
computer systems products. These challenges include predicting the nature and
timing of technological changes and the direction of evolving industry
standards; identifying, obtaining and successfully marketing new products as
they emerge; and minimizing the risk of loss due to inventory obsolescence. Some
of the Company's competitors may be able to market products that have perceived
advantages over the products distributed by the Company or that render the
products distributed by the Company obsolete or more difficult to market.
Although the Company attempts to minimize the effects of inventory obsolescence
in its distribution arrangements, the Company may have high inventories of
unsold product if a new technology renders a product distributed by the Company
less desirable or obsolete. In addition, customers may be less willing, for
financial or other reasons, to purchase the new products necessary to use new
technologies.

Dependence on Key Suppliers

         During fiscal 2000 the Company's three largest suppliers accounted for
59 percent of total sales, with Compaq (including Digital Equipment
Corporation), IBM and Intel Corporation supplying 20 percent, 20 percent and 19
percent, respectively, of the Company's sales volume. Although the Company
believes that its relationships with suppliers are good, there can be no
assurance that the Company's suppliers will continue to supply products to the
Company on terms acceptable to the Company. The loss of any of the Company's
three top suppliers or a combination of other suppliers could have a material
adverse effect on the Company's business, results of operations and financial
condition.

Industry Consolidation

         The industrial electronics and computer systems products distribution
industry has become increasingly concentrated in recent years as companies have
combined or formed strategic alliances. If this trend continues, new business
combinations or strategic alliances may have a competitive advantage if their
potentially greater financial, technical, marketing or other resources allow
them to negotiate relationships with suppliers that are more favorable than the
Company's relationships with its suppliers. If such relationships develop, these
new business combinations or strategic alliances may be able to offer lower
prices that could precipitate an industry-wide decline in prices. This decline
would have a negative impact on the Company's gross margins, and could cause a
decline in the Company's revenues and loss of market share.

Risks Related to Growth through Acquisitions


                                       16
<PAGE>   17


         The Company constantly reviews acquisition prospects that would
complement its existing business, augment its market coverage or provide
opportunities to expand into new markets. The Company's continued growth depends
in part on its ability to find suitable acquisition candidates and to consummate
strategic acquisitions. If the consolidation trend in the industry continues,
the cost of completing acquisitions could increase significantly. To fund rising
acquisition costs, the Company may issue equity securities, which could dilute
the holdings of existing equity holders, or incur debt, which could reduce the
fixed charge ratio and result in overleveraging. These actions, and the
amortization of expenses related to goodwill and other intangible assets, could
have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial condition and results
of operations or the price of the Company's Common Shares. Furthermore,
acquiring businesses always entails risk and uncertainties. The Company's may
not be able to integrate the operations of the acquired businesses successfully,
and the failure to do so could have a material adverse impact on the Company's
business and results of operations.

Leverage

         At March 31, 2000, the Company's borrowings under a $260 million
revolving credit facility with National City Bank, Cleveland, Ohio, as agent for
itself and a syndicate of other lenders, totaled $170 million. In addition, the
Company issued $150 million principal amount of 8 1/2 percent Senior Notes due
2006 in August 1996. In March and April 1998, the Company's wholly owned
subsidiary, the Pioneer-Standard Financial Trust, issued a total of $143.7
million of 6 3/4 percent mandatorily redeemable convertible preferred
securities, which is an equity-related security. The sole assets of the
Pioneer-Standard Financial Trust are $148.2 million aggregate principal amount
of 6 3/4 percent Series A Junior Convertible Subordinated Debentures due March
31, 2028. The Company has executed a guarantee providing a full and
unconditional guarantee of the trust's obligations under the trust preferred
securities. As a consequence of the Company's obligations, a substantial portion
of its cash flow from operations must be dedicated to servicing these
obligations and will not be available for other purposes. Furthermore, the
Company's obligations may limit its ability to obtain additional financing in
the future for working capital, capital expenditures and acquisitions, and its
flexibility to react to changes in the industry and changing business and
economic conditions. The Company's ability to satisfy its existing obligations
will depend upon its future operating performance, which may be affected by
prevailing economic conditions and financial, business and other factors
described in this prospectus, many of which are beyond its control. The Company
currently anticipates that funds from current operations, available credit
facilities and access to capital markets will provide adequate funds to finance
capital spending and working capital needs and to service its obligations as
they become due. If the Company experiences difficulty in servicing its
obligations, the Company may have to reduce or delay capital expenditures, sell
assets, restructure or refinance its indebtedness or seek additional equity
capital. There can be no assurance that any of these strategies could be
effected on satisfactory terms, if at all.

Uneven Pattern of Quarterly Sales

         In the Company's recent experience, a disproportionate percentage of
quarterly sales have occurred in the last week or last day of the fiscal
quarter. This uneven sales pattern makes the prediction of revenues, earnings
and working capital for each financial period especially


                                       17
<PAGE>   18


difficult, and increases the risk of unanticipated variations in quarterly
results and financial condition. The Company believes that this pattern of sales
has developed as a result of several factors. One such factor is the recent
tendency of customers to delay purchases until the end of a quarter in the hope
of receiving more favorable pricing. Another factor is that customers may not be
able to determine until close to the end of their fiscal year whether there are
available funds in their capital budgets for the purchase of industrial
electronics and computer systems products. Although the Company is unable to
predict whether this uneven sales pattern will continue over the long term, the
Company anticipates that, for the foreseeable future, the majority of its sales
will continue to occur in the final days of the quarter.

Year 2000

         See the discussion above under the caption "Year 2000 Readiness
Disclosure."

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK

         The Company has assets, liabilities and cash flows in foreign
currencies creating foreign exchange risk with the primary foreign currency
being the Canadian dollar. Systems are in place for continuous measurement and
evaluation of foreign exchange exposures so that timely action can be taken when
considered desirable. Reducing exposure to foreign currency fluctuations is an
integral part of the Company's risk management program. Financial instruments in
the form of forward exchange contracts are employed as one of the methods to
reduce such risk. At March 31, 2000, one forward exchange contract in the amount
of $2.7 million existed with a maturity of 30 days. The foreign exchange
contracts have had an immaterial impact on the Company's results of operations
for the fiscal years ended 2000, 1999 and 1998.

         The Company has entered into several interest rate swap agreements for
purposes of serving as a hedge of the Company's variable rate credit agreement
borrowings. The effect of the swaps is to establish fixed rates on the variable
rate debt and to reduce exposure to interest rate fluctuations. At March 31,
2000, the Company had interest rate swaps with a notational amount of $70
million. Pursuant to these agreements, the Company pays interest at a weighted
average fixed rate of 5.47 percent. The weighted average LIBOR rates applicable
to these agreements were 6.11 percent at March 31, 2000. The swap agreements
have had an immaterial impact on the Company's results of operations for the
fiscal years ended 2000, 1999 and 1998.

         The Company is exposed to interest rate risk from the revolving credit
facility's various floating rate pricing mechanisms. This interest rate exposure
is managed by the interest rate swaps to fix the interest rate on a portion of
the debt and the use of multiple maturity dates. If interest rates were to
increase 100 basis points (1 percent) from March 31, 2000 rates, and assuming no
changes in debt from March 31, 2000 levels, the additional annualized net
expense would be approximately $1.2 million or $.02 per diluted share.


                                       18
<PAGE>   19


ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

         The information required by this Item is set forth at pages 20 through
33 of the Company's 2000 Annual Report to Shareholders, which information is
incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 9.  CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
         FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

         None.


                                    PART III

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

         Information required by this Item as to the Directors of the Company
appearing under the caption "Election of Directors" in the Company's Proxy
Statement to be used in connection with the Company's 2000 Annual Meeting of
Shareholders to be held on July 25, 2000 (the "2000 Proxy Statement") is
incorporated herein by reference. Information required by this Item as to the
executive officers of the Company is included in Part I of this Annual Report on
Form 10-K.

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

         The information required by this Item is set forth in the Company's
2000 Proxy Statement under the caption "Compensation of Executive Officers,"
which information is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

         The information required by this Item is set forth in the Company's
2000 Proxy Statement under the caption "Share Ownership," which information is
incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

         Not applicable.

                                     PART IV

ITEM 14. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

         (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on
Form 10-K:

             (1) FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. The following consolidated financial
statements of the Company and its subsidiaries and the report of independent
auditors thereon, included in the


                                       19
<PAGE>   20


Company's 2000 Annual Report to Shareholders on pages 20 through 32, are
incorporated by reference in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K:

         Consolidated Balance Sheets as of March 31, 2000 and 1999
         For the years ended March 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998:
                 Consolidated Statements of Income
                 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity
                 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
         Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
         Report of Independent Auditors

             Quarterly financial data, included in the Company's 2000 Annual
Report to Shareholders at page 33, are incorporated by reference in Item 8 of
this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

             (2) FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. The following consolidated
financial statement schedule of the Company and its subsidiaries and the report
of independent auditors thereon are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form
10-K, and should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial
statements of the Company and its subsidiaries included in the Company's 2000
Annual Report to Shareholders:

             Report of Independent Auditors

             Schedule II -- Valuation and Qualifying Accounts
                            for the years ended March 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998

             All other schedules have been omitted since the required
information is not present or not present in amounts sufficient to require
submission of the schedule, or because the information required is included in
the consolidated financial statements or the notes thereto.

             (3) EXHIBITS

             See the Index to Exhibits at page E-1 of this Form 10-K.

         (b) REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

             The Company did not file any reports on Form 8-K during the fourth
quarter of fiscal 2000.


                                       20
<PAGE>   21




                                   SIGNATURES

         Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, Pioneer-Standard Electronics, Inc. has duly caused this
Annual Report of Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Cleveland, State of Ohio, on June 29,
2000.

                                        PIONEER-STANDARD ELECTRONICS, INC.


                                        /s/ James L. Bayman
                                        ----------------------------------
                                        James L. Bayman
                                        Chairman, Chief Executive Officer
                                        and Director

         Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Registrant and in the capacities as of June 29, 2000.

              SIGNATURE                                 TITLE


/s/ James L. Bayman                          Chairman, Chief Executive Officer
------------------------------------         and Director (Principal Executive
James L. Bayman                              Officer)

/s/ Arthur Rhein                             President, Chief Operating Officer
------------------------------------         and Director
Arthur Rhein

/s/ Steven M. Billick                        Chief Financial Officer
------------------------------------         (Principal Financial and Accounting
Steven M. Billick                            Officer)

/s/ Charles F. Christ                        Director
------------------------------------
Charles F. Christ

/s/ Victor Gelb                              Director
------------------------------------
Victor Gelb

/s/ Keith M. Kolerus                         Director
------------------------------------
Keith M. Kolerus

/s/ Thomas A. Commes                         Director
------------------------------------
Thomas A. Commes

/s/ Edwin Z. Singer                          Director
------------------------------------
Edwin Z. Singer

/s/ Thomas C. Sullivan                       Director
------------------------------------
Thomas C. Sullivan



                                       21

<PAGE>   22


/s/ Karl E. Ware                             Director
------------------------------------
Karl E. Ware




                                       22
<PAGE>   23

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS



Shareholders and the Board of Directors
Pioneer-Standard Electronics, Inc.

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Pioneer-Standard
Electronics, Inc. as of March 31, 2000 and 1999, and for each of the three years
in the period ended March 31, 2000 and have issued our report thereon dated May
8, 2000, incorporated by reference in this Annual Report (Form 10-K). Our audits
also included the consolidated financial statement schedule of Pioneer-Standard
Electronics, Inc. as of March 31, 2000 and 1999 and for each of the three years
in the period ended March 31, 2000, listed in item 14(a) of this Annual Report
(Form  10-K). This schedule is the responsibility of the Company's management.
Our responsibility is to express an opinion based on our audits.

In our opinion, the financial statement schedule referred to above, when
considered in relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole,
presents fairly in all material respects the information set forth therein.


/s/ Ernst and Young LLP

Cleveland, Ohio
May 8, 2000

                                       32
<PAGE>   24



                       PIONEER-STANDARD ELECTRONICS, INC.
                 SCHEDULE II - VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS
                    YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2000, 1999 AND 1998


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                  DEDUCTIONS
                                                BALANCE AT      CHARGED TO        (NET WRITE-
                                                BEGINNING OF    COST AND          OFFS)             BALANCE AT THE
                                                PERIOD          EXPENSES          NET RECOVERIES    END OF PERIOD
                                                ------------    ----------        --------------    --------------
<S>                                             <C>             <C>               <C>                 <C>
         2000

Allowance for doubtful accounts                 $6,035,000      $  3,269,000      $   (3,623,000)     $5,681,000

Inventory valuation reserve                     $5,397,000      $  3,786,000      $   (2,413,000)     $6,770,000


         1999

Allowance for doubtful accounts                 $7,798,000      $ (1,277,000)     $     (486,000)     $6,035,000

Inventory valuation reserve                     $5,661,000      $  3,157,000      $   (3,421,000)     $5,397,000


         1998

Allowance for doubtful accounts                 $7,541,000      $   (803,000)     $    1,060,000      $7,798,000

Inventory valuation reserve                     $6,659,000      $  2,031,000      $   (3,029,000)     $5,661,000
</TABLE>


<PAGE>   25



                       Pioneer-Standard Electronics, Inc.
                                  Exhibit Index



Exhibit No.                          Description
-----------                          -----------

   3(a)        Amended Articles of Incorporation of Pioneer-Standard
               Electronics, Inc., which is incorporated by reference to Exhibit
               2 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter
               ended September 30, 1997, as amended on March 18, 1998 (File No.
               0-5734).

   (b)         Amended Code of Regulations, as amended, of Pioneer-Standard
               Electronics, Inc., which is incorporated by reference to Exhibit
               3(b) to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
               ended March 31, 1997 (File No. 0-5734).

   4(a)        Rights Agreement, dated as of April 27, 1999, by and between the
               Company and National City Bank, which is incorporated herein by
               reference to Exhibit 1 to the Company's Registration Statement on
               Form 8-A ( (File No. 0-5734).

   (b)         (Reserved.)

   (c)         Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 31, 1990, by and
               between the Company and Teachers Insurance and Annuity
               Association of America, which is incorporated herein by reference
               to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form
               S-3 (Reg. No. 333-26697).

   (d)         Amendment No. 1 to Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of November
               1, 1991, by and between the Company and Teachers Insurance and
               Annuity Association of America, which is incorporated herein by
               reference to Exhibit 4(d) to the Company's Annual Report on Form
               10-K for the year ended March 31, 1993 (File No. 0-5734).

                                      E-1


<PAGE>   26


Exhibit No.                          Description
-----------                          -----------

   (e)         Amendment No. 2 to Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of November
               30, 1995, by and between the Company and Teachers Insurance and
               Annuity Association of America, which is incorporated herein by
               reference to Exhibit 4(a) to the Company's Annual Report on Form
               10-K for the year ended March 31, 1996 (File No. 0-5734).

   (f)         Amendment No. 3 to Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of August
               12, 1996 by and between the Company and Teachers Insurance and
               Annuity Association of America, which is incorporated herein by
               reference to Exhibit 4(f) to the Company's Quarterly Report on
               Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 1996 (File No. 0-5734).

   (g)         Amendment No. 4 to Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 23,
               1998 by and between the Company and Teachers Insurance and
               Annuity Association of America, which is incorporated herein by
               reference to Exhibit 4(g) to the Company's Annual Report on Form
               10-K for the year ended March 31, 1998 (File No. 0-5734)..

   (h)         Amendment No. 5 to Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 23,
               1998 by and between the Company and Teachers Insurance and
               Annuity Association of America, which is incorporated herein by
               reference to Exhibit 4(h) to the Company's Annual Report on Form
               10-K for the year ended March 31, 1998 (File No. 0-5734).

   (i)         Amendment No. 6 to Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 31,
               1998 by and between the Company and Teachers Insurance and
               Annuity Association of America, which is incorporated herein by
               reference to Exhibit 4(i) to the Company's Annual Report on Form
               10-K for the year ended March 31, 1998 (File No. 0-5734).

   (j)         Indenture, dated as of August 1, 1996, by and between the Company
               and Star Bank, N.A., as Trustee, which is incorporated herein by
               reference to Exhibit 4(g) to the Company's Annual Report on Form
               10-K for the year ended March 31, 1997 (File No. 0-5734).


                                      E-2
<PAGE>   27


Exhibit No.                          Description
-----------                          -----------

   (k)         Share Subscription Agreement and Trust, effective July 2, 1996,
               by and between the Company and Wachovia Bank of North Carolina,
               N.A., which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1
               to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-3 (Reg. No.
               333-07665).

   (l)         Certificate of Trust of Pioneer-Standard Financial Trust, dated
               March 23, 1998, which is incorporated herein by reference to
               Exhibit 4(l) to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
               year ended March 31, 1998 (File No. 0-5734).

   (m)         Amended and Restated Trust Agreement among Pioneer-Standard
               Electronics, Inc., as Depositor, Wilmington Trust Company, as
               Property Trustee and Delaware Trustee, and the Administrative
               Trustees named therein, dated as of March 23, 1998, which is
               incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4(m) to the Company's
               Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 1998
               (File No. 0-5734).

   (n)         Junior Subordinated Indenture, dated March 23, 1998, between the
               Company and Wilmington Trust, as trustee, which is incorporated
               herein by reference to Exhibit 4(n) to the Company's Annual
               Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 1998 (File No.
               0-5734).

   (o)         First Supplemental Indenture, dated March 23, 1998, between the
               Company and Wilmington Trust, as trustee, which is incorporated
               herein by reference to Exhibit 4(o) to the Company's Annual
               Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 1998 (File No.
               0-5734).

   (p)         Form of 6 3/4% Convertible Preferred Securities (Included in
               Exhibit 4(m), which is incorporated herein by reference to
               Exhibit 4(p) to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
               year ended March 31, 1998 (File No. 0-5734).

   (q)         Form of Series A 6 3/4% Junior Convertible Subordinated
               Debentures (Included in Exhibit 4(o)), which is incorporated
               herein by reference to Exhibit 4(q) to the Company's Annual
               Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 1998 (File No.
               0-5734).



                                      E-3

<PAGE>   28
Exhibit No.                            Description
-----------                            -----------

   (r)         Guarantee Agreement, dated March 23, 1998, between the Company
               and Wilmington Trust, as guarantee trustee, which is incorporated
               herein by reference to Exhibit 4(r) to the Company's Annual
               Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 1998 (File No.
               0-5734).

   (s)         Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of January 15, 1998, by
               and among Dickens Data Systems, Inc., the Selling Shareholders
               named therein, Pioneer-Standard Electronics, Inc. and
               Pioneer-Standard of Georgia, Inc., which is incorporated herein
               by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Current Report on
               Form 8-K for February 27, 1998 (File No. 0-5734). (Schedules
               omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. The Company
               agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule
               to the Commission upon request.)

  *10(a)       Retirement Agreement, effective March 31, 1996, by and between
               the Company and Preston B. Heller, Jr., which is incorporated
               herein by reference to Exhibit 10(a) to the Company's Annual
               Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 1996 (File No.
               0-5734).

   *(b)        Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated April 27, 1999,
               by and between the Company and James L. Bayman, which is
               incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's
               Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 1999
               (File No. 0-5734).

   *(c)        Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated April 27, 1999,
               by and between the Company and Arthur Rhein, which is
               incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's
               Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 1999
               (File No. 0-5734).

   *(d)        Employment Agreement, dated April 27, 1999, by and between the
               Company and Gregory T. Geswein, which is incorporated herein by
               reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Quarterly Report on
               Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 1999 (File No. 0-5734).



                                      E-4

<PAGE>   29


Exhibit No.                          Description
-----------                          -----------

   *(e)        Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated April 27, 1999,
               by and between the Company and John V. Goodger, which is
               incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's
               Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 1999
               (File No. 0-5734).

   *(f)        The Company's 1982 Incentive Stock Option Plan, as amended, which
               is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(e) to the Company's
               Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 1997
               (File No. 0-5734).

   *(g)        The Company's Amended and Restated 1991 Stock Option Plan, which
               is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the
               Company's Form S-8 Registration Statement (Reg. No. 33-53329).

   *(h)        The Company's Amended 1995 Stock Option Plan for Outside
               Directors, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit
               99.1 to the Company's Form S-8 Registration Statement (Reg. No.
               333-07143).

   (i)         Credit Agreement, dated as of March 27, 1998, among
               Pioneer-Standard Electronics, Inc., National City Bank, the
               several lending institutions party to the agreement and National
               City Bank, as Agent, which is incorporated herein by reference to
               Exhibit 10(j) to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
               year ended March 31, 1998 (File No. 0-5734).

   (j)         First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of May 1, 1998, by
               and among Pioneer-Standard Electronics, Inc., the several lending
               institutions party to the agreement and National City Bank, as
               Agent, which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(k)
               to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
               March 31, 1998 (File No. 0-5734).

   (k)         Second Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of March 31, 1999,
               by and among Pioneer-Standard Electronics, Inc., the several
               lending institutions party to the agreement and National City
               Bank, as Agent, which is incorporated herein by reference to
               Exhibit 10(k) to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
               year ended March 31, 1999 (File No. 0-5734).



                                      E-5
<PAGE>   30


Exhibit No.                           Description
-----------                           -----------

   (l)         Third Amendment to Credit Agreement and Waiver, dated as of May
               5, 2000, by and among Pioneer-Standard Electronics, Inc., the
               several lending institutions party to the agreement and National
               City Bank, as Agent.

   (m)         Pioneer-Standard Electronics, Inc. 1999 Stock Option Plan for
               Outside Directors, which is incorporated herein by reference to
               Exhibit 10.5 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for
               the quarter ended June 30, 1999 (File No. 0-5734).

   (n)         Pioneer-Standard Electronics, Inc. 1999 Restricted Stock Plan,
               which is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the
               Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
               June 30, 1999 (File No. 0-5734).

   (o)         Pioneer-Standard Electronics, Inc. Supplemental Executive
               Retirement Plan.

   (p)         Pioneer-Standard Electronics, Inc. Benefit Equalization Plan.

   *(q)        Non-Competition Agreement, dated as of February 25, 2000, between
               Pioneer-Standard Electronics, Inc. and Thomas G. Pitera.

   *(r)        Change of Control Agreement, dated as of February 25, 2000,
               between Pioneer-Standard Electronics, Inc. and Thomas G. Pitera.

   *(s)        Form of Option Agreement between Pioneer-Standard Electronics,
               Inc. and the optionees under the Pioneer-Standard Electronics,
               Inc. 1999 Stock Option Plan for Outside Directors, which is
               incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company's
               Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 1999
               (File No. 0-5734).

    13         Portions of the Company's 2000 Annual Report to Shareholders
               incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

    21         Subsidiaries of the Registrant.

    23         Consent of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Auditors.



                                      E-6

<PAGE>   31


Exhibit No.                          Description
-----------                          -----------

    27         Financial Data Schedule.

  99(a)        Certificate of Insurance Policy, effective November 1, 1997,
               between Chubb Group of Insurance Companies and Pioneer-Standard
               Electronics, Inc., which is incorporated herein by reference to
               Exhibit 99(a) to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
               year ended March 31, 1998 (File No. 0-5734).

  99(b)        Forms of Amended and Restated Indemnification Agreement entered
               into by and between the Company and each of its Directors and
               Executive Officers, which are incorporated herein by reference to
               Exhibit 99(b) to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
               year ended March 31, 1994 (File No. 0-5734).

-----------------------
     *Denotes a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.



                                      E-7
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
