<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K405
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>d10k405.txt
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 10-K
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                      SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                            WASHINGTON, D.C.  20549

                                   FORM 10-K

     (Mark One)
    X     ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 or 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
 ------
          EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

                  For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000

 ______   TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
          EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

          For the transition period from ____________ to ________________

                         Commission File number 1-12254

                               SAUL CENTERS, INC.
                               ------------------
            (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)


          Maryland                                        52-1833074
---------------------------------------     -----------------------------------
   (State or other jurisdiction of          (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)
   incorporation or organization)

 8401 Connecticut Avenue Chevy Chase, Maryland             20815
---------------------------------------                 --------------
 (Address of principal executive offices)                (Zip Code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (301) 986-6200

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

         Title of each class          Name of each exchange on which registered
---------------------------------     -----------------------------------------
 Common Stock, Par Value                 New York Stock Exchange_____
 $0.01 Per Share

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

  N/A


     Indicate by check mark whether registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.
Yes   X     No ____
    -----

     Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item
405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of registrant's knowledge, in the definitive proxy or information
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any
amendment to this Form 10-K.  X
                             -----

     The number of shares of Common Stock, $0.01 par value, outstanding as of
February 23, 2001 was 13,997,301.
<PAGE>

                               TABLE OF CONTENTS
                               -----------------

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                         PART I                                                          Page Numbers
                                                                                                         ------------
<S>                                                                                                      <C>
Item 1.        Business                                                                                         3

Item 2.        Properties                                                                                       8

Item 3.        Legal Proceedings                                                                               12

Item 4.        Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders                                             12

                                    PART II

Item 5.        Market for Registrant's Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters                            12

Item 6.        Selected Financial Data                                                                          13

Item 7.        Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations            15

Item 7a.       Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk                                       22

Item 8.        Financial Statements and Supplementary Data                                                      22

Item 9.        Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure             22

                                    PART III

Item 10.       Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant                                               23

Item 11.       Executive Compensation                                                                           23

Item 12.       Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management                                   23

Item 13.       Certain Relationships and Related Transactions                                                   23

                                    PART IV

Item 14.       Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules and Reports on Form 8-K                                  24


                         FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE

Schedule III.  Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation                                                       F-18
</TABLE>


                                       2
<PAGE>

                                    PART I

Item 1.  Business

General
-------

     Saul Centers, Inc. ("Saul Centers") was incorporated under the Maryland
General Corporation Law on June 10, 1993.  Saul Centers operates as a real
estate investment trust (a "REIT") under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended (the "Code").  Saul Centers generally will not be subject to federal
income tax, provided it annually distributes at least 95% (90% for tax years
beginning on or after January 1, 2001) of its REIT taxable income to its
stockholders and meets certain organizational and other requirements.  Saul
Centers has made and intends to continue to make regular quarterly distributions
to its stockholders.  Saul Centers, together with its wholly owned subsidiaries
and the limited partnerships of which Saul Centers or one of its subsidiaries is
the sole general partner, are referred to collectively as the "Company".  B.
Francis Saul II serves as Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive
Officer of Saul Centers.

     The Company's principal business activity is the ownership, management and
development of income-producing properties.  The Company's long-term objectives
are to increase cash flow from operations and to maximize capital appreciation
of its real estate.

     Saul Centers was formed to continue and expand the shopping center business
previously owned and conducted by the B.F. Saul Real Estate Investment Trust,
the B.F. Saul Company, Chevy Chase Bank, F.S.B. and certain other affiliated
entities (collectively, "The Saul Organization").  On August 26, 1993, The Saul
Organization  transferred to Saul Holdings Limited Partnership, a newly formed
Maryland limited partnership (the "Operating Partnership"), and two newly formed
subsidiary limited partnerships (the "Subsidiary Partnerships") shopping center
and office properties, and the management functions related to the transferred
properties.  Since its formation, the Company has purchased and developed
additional properties.  The Company is currently developing Washington Square at
Old Town, a 235,000 square foot Class A mixed-use office/retail complex, on the
2-acre site of the former North Washington shopping center property, and Ashburn
Village III & IV, an in-line retail and retail pad expansion to the Company's
Ashburn Village I & II shopping center.  The Company is also redeveloping an
under-performing shopping center to an office/business park.  As of December 31,
2000, the Company's properties (the "Current Portfolio Properties") consisted of
27 operating shopping center properties and Ashburn Village III & IV (the
"Shopping Centers"), 4 predominantly office operating properties and Washington
Square at Old Town (the "Office Properties").  To facilitate the placement of
collateralized mortgage debt, the Company established Saul QRS, Inc. and SC
Finance Corporation, each of which is a wholly owned subsidiary of Saul Centers.
Saul QRS, Inc. was established to succeed to the interest of Saul Centers as the
sole general partner of Saul Subsidiary I Limited Partnership.

     Saul Centers serves as the sole general partner of the Operating
Partnership and of Saul Subsidiary II Limited Partnership, while Saul QRS, Inc.
serves as the sole general partner of Saul Subsidiary I Limited Partnership.
The remaining limited partnership interests in Saul Subsidiary I Limited
Partnership and Saul Subsidiary II Limited Partnership are held by the Operating
Partnership as the sole limited partner.  Through this structure, the Company
owns 100% of the Current Portfolio Properties.

Management of the Current Portfolio Properties
----------------------------------------------

     The Partnerships manage the Current Portfolio Properties and will manage
any subsequently acquired properties.  The management of the properties includes
performing property management, leasing, design, renovation, development and
accounting duties for each property.  The Partnerships provide each property
with a fully integrated property management capability, with approximately 50
employees and with an extensive and mature network of relationships with tenants
and potential tenants as well as with members of the brokerage and property
owners' communities.  The Company currently does not, and does not intend to,
retain third party managers or provide management services to third parties.

                                       3
<PAGE>

     The Company augments its property management capabilities by sharing with
The Saul Organization certain ancillary functions, at cost, such as computer and
payroll services, benefits administration and in-house legal services.  The
Company also shares insurance administration expenses on a pro rata basis with
The Saul Organization.  The Saul Organization subleases office space to the
Company at its cost.  Management believes that these arrangements result in
lower costs than could be obtained by contracting with third parties.  These
arrangements permit the Company to capture greater economies of scale in
purchasing from third party vendors than would otherwise be available to the
Company alone and to capture internal economies of scale by avoiding payments
representing profits with respect to functions provided internally.  The terms
of all sharing arrangements with The Saul Organization, including payments
related thereto, are reviewed periodically by the Audit Committee of the
Company's Board of Directors.

Principal Offices
-----------------

     The principal offices of the Company are located at 8401 Connecticut
Avenue, Chevy Chase, Maryland 20815, and the Company's telephone number is (301)
986-6200.  The Company's internet web address is www.saulcenters.com.

Operating Strategies
--------------------

     The Company's primary operating strategy is to focus on its community and
neighborhood shopping center business and to operate its properties to achieve
both cash flow growth and capital appreciation.  Community and neighborhood
shopping centers typically provide reliable cash flow and steady long-term
growth potential.  Management intends to actively manage its property portfolio
by engaging in strategic leasing activities, tenant selection, lease negotiation
and shopping center expansion and reconfiguration.  The Company seeks to
optimize tenant mix by selecting tenants for its shopping centers that provide a
broad spectrum of goods and services, consistent with the role of community and
neighborhood shopping centers as the source for day-to-day necessities.
Management believes that such a synergistic tenanting approach results in
increased cash flow from existing tenants by providing the Shopping Centers with
consistent traffic and a desirable mix of shoppers, resulting in increased sales
and, therefore, increased cash flows.

     Management believes there is significant potential for growth in cash flow
as existing leases for space in the Shopping Centers expire and are renewed, or
newly available or vacant space is leased.  The Company intends to renegotiate
leases aggressively and seek new tenants for available space in order to
maximize this potential for increased cash flow.  As leases expire, management
expects to revise rental rates, lease terms and conditions, relocate existing
tenants, reconfigure tenant spaces and introduce new tenants to increase cash
flow.  In those circumstances in which leases are not otherwise expiring,
management intends to attempt to increase cash flow through a variety of means,
including renegotiating rents in exchange for additional renewal options or in
connection with renovations or relocations, recapturing leases with below market
rents and re-leasing at market rates, as well as replacing financially troubled
tenants.  When possible, management also will seek to include scheduled
increases in base rent, as well as percentage rental provisions in its leases.

     The Shopping Centers contain numerous undeveloped parcels within the
centers which are suitable for development as free-standing retail facilities,
such as restaurants, banks or auto centers. Management will continue to seek
desirable tenants for facilities to be developed on these sites and to develop
and lease these sites in a manner that complements the Shopping Centers in which
they are located.

     The Company will also seek growth opportunities in its Washington, D.C.
metropolitan area office portfolio, primarily through development and
redevelopment.  Management also intends to negotiate lease renewals or to re-
lease available space in the Office Properties, while considering the strategic
balance of optimizing short-term cash flow and long-term asset value.

     It is management's intention to hold properties for long-term investment
and to place strong emphasis on regular maintenance, periodic renovation and
capital improvement.  Management believes that such characteristics as
cleanliness, lighting and security are particularly important in community and
neighborhood shopping centers, which are frequently visited by shoppers during
hours outside of the normal work day.  Management believes that

                                       4
<PAGE>

the Shopping Centers and Office Properties generally are attractive and well
maintained. The Shopping Centers and Office Properties will undergo expansion,
renovation, reconfiguration and modernization from time to time when management
believes that such action is warranted by opportunities or changes in the
competitive environment of a property. Several of the Shopping Centers have been
renovated recently. During 2000 and 1999, the Company was involved in
predevelopment and/or development of 10 of its properties. The Company will
continue its practice of expanding existing properties by undertaking new
construction on outparcels suitable for development as free standing retail or
office facilities.

Redevelopment, Renovations and Acquisitions
-------------------------------------------

     The Company's redevelopment, renovation and acquisition objective is to
selectively and opportunistically redevelop and renovate its properties, by
replacing leases with below market rents with strong, traffic-generating anchor
stores such as supermarkets and drug stores, as well as other desirable local,
regional and national tenants.  The Company's strategy remains focused on
continuing the operating performance and internal growth of its existing
Shopping Centers, while enhancing this growth with selective retail
redevelopments and renovations.

     Management believes that attractive opportunities for investment in
existing and new shopping center properties will continue to be available.
Management believes that the Company will be well situated to take advantage of
these opportunities because of its access to capital markets, ability to acquire
properties either for cash or securities (including Operating Partnership
interests in tax advantaged transactions) and because of management's experience
in seeking out, identifying and evaluating potential acquisitions.  In addition,
management believes its shopping center expertise should permit it to optimize
the performance of shopping centers once they have been acquired.

     Management also believes that opportunities exist for investment in new
office properties.  It is management's view that several of the office sub-
markets in which the Company operates have very attractive supply/demand
characteristics.  The Company will continue to evaluate new office development
and redevelopment as an integral part of its overall business plan.

     In evaluating a particular redevelopment, renovation, acquisition, or
development, management will consider a variety of factors, including (i) the
location and accessibility of the property; (ii) the geographic area (with an
emphasis on the Mid-Atlantic region) and demographic characteristics of the
community, as well as the local real estate market, including potential for
growth and potential regulatory impediments to development; (iii) the size of
the property; (iv) the purchase price; (v) the non-financial terms of the
proposed acquisition; (vi) the availability of funds or other consideration for
the proposed acquisition and the cost thereof; (vii) the "fit" of the property
with the Company's existing portfolio; (viii) the potential for, and current
extent of, any environmental problems; (ix) the current and historical occupancy
rates of the property or any comparable or competing properties in the same
market; (x) the quality of construction and design and the current physical
condition of the property; (xi) the financial and other characteristics of
existing tenants and the terms of existing leases; and (xii) the potential for
capital appreciation.

     Although it is management's present intention to concentrate future
acquisition and development activities on community and neighborhood shopping
centers and office properties in the Mid-Atlantic region, the Company may, in
the future, also acquire other types of real estate in other regions of the
country.

Capital Strategies
------------------

     As a general policy, the Company intends to maintain a ratio of its total
debt to total asset value of 50% or less and to actively manage the Company's
leverage and debt expense on an ongoing basis in order to maintain prudent
coverage of fixed charges.  Asset value is the aggregate fair market value of
the Current Portfolio Properties and any subsequently acquired properties as
reasonably determined by management by reference to the properties' aggregate
cash flow.  Given the Company's current debt level, it is management's belief
that the ratio of the Company's debt to total asset value as of December 31,
2000 remains less than 50%.

                                       5
<PAGE>

     The organizational documents of the Company do not limit the absolute
amount or percentage of indebtedness that it may incur.  The Board of Directors
may, from time to time, reevaluate the Company's debt capitalization policy in
light of current economic conditions, relative costs of capital, market values
of the Company property portfolio, opportunities for acquisition, development or
expansion, and such other factors as the Board of Directors then deems relevant.
The Board of Directors may modify the Company's debt capitalization policy based
on such a reevaluation and consequently, may increase or decrease the Company's
debt to total asset ratio above or below 50%.  The Company selectively continues
to refinance or renegotiate the terms of its outstanding debt in order to
achieve longer maturities, and obtain generally more favorable loan terms,
whenever management determines the financing environment is favorable.  See
"Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations--Liquidity and Capital Resources --Borrowing Capacity."

     The Company intends to finance future acquisitions and to make debt
repayments by utilizing the sources of capital then deemed to be most
advantageous.  Such sources may include undistributed operating cash flow,
secured or unsecured bank and institutional borrowings, private and public
offerings of debt or equity securities, proceeds from the Company's Dividend
Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan, and proceeds from the sale of properties.
Borrowings may be at the Operating Partnership or Subsidiary Partnerships' level
and securities offerings may include (subject to certain limitations) the
issuance of Operating Partnership interests convertible into common stock or
other equity securities.

Competition
-----------

     As an owner of, or investor in, commercial real estate properties, the
Company is subject to competition from a variety of other owners of similar
properties in connection with their sale, lease or other disposition and use.
Management believes that success in such competition is dependent in part upon
the geographic location of the property, the tenant mix, the performance of
property managers, the amount of new construction in the area and the
maintenance and appearance of the property.  Additional competitive factors
impacting retail and commercial properties include the ease of access to the
properties, the adequacy of related facilities such as parking, and the
demographic characteristics in the markets in which the properties compete.
Overall economic circumstances and trends and new properties in the vicinity of
each of the Current Portfolio Properties are also competitive factors.

Environmental Matters
---------------------

     The Current Portfolio Properties are subject to various laws and
regulations relating to environmental and pollution controls.  The effect upon
the Company of the application of such laws and regulations either prospectively
or retrospectively is not expected to have a materially adverse effect on the
Company's property operations.  As a matter of policy, the Company requires an
environmental study be performed with respect to a property that may be subject
to possible environmental hazards prior to its acquisition to ascertain that
there are no material environmental hazards associated with such property.

Employees
---------

     As of February 23, 2001, the Company employed approximately 50 persons,
including six full-time leasing officers.  None of the Company's employees are
covered by collective bargaining agreements.  Management believes that its
relationship with employees is good.

Recent Developments
-------------------

Property Acquisitions, Developments and Redevelopments.

     A significant contributor to the Company's sustained historical internal
growth in shopping centers has been its continuing program of renovation,
redevelopment and expansion activities.  These development activities reposition
the Company's centers to be competitive in the current retailing environment.
The redevelopments typically include and update of the facade, site improvements
and reconfiguring tenant spaces to accommodate tenant size requirements and
merchandising evolution.

                                       6
<PAGE>

     During 1998 and 1999, the Company executed a plan to redevelop its 213,000
square foot French Market shopping center, advantageously located in the
thriving northwest section of Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.  The plan specified the
retenanting of a 103,000 square foot anchor tenant space and conversion of an
outdated mini-mall to an anchor tenant use.  The former Venture store space was
re-demised and leased to Bed Bath and Beyond, Staples, Famous Footwear,
BridesMart and Lakeshore Learning.  The former enclosed mini-mall was leased to
Burlington Coat Factory and during 2000, converted into a two-level 90,000
square foot super store, increasing the center's size to 247,000 square feet.
The facade of the center was updated to complement the addition of the new
tenants.  The Company has recently obtained control of 20,000 square feet of
space formerly operated as a grocery store.  The Company has begun an exterior
and interior renovation and this space is  currently 54% pre-leased.  As a
result, of the Company's efforts, approximately 92% of the center is leased as
of February 2001.

     The Company completed a significant redevelopment during 1999 with the
opening of a 53,000 square foot SuperFresh grocery store at the Shops at
Fairfax, located in Fairfax, Virginia.  A small enclosed mall comprising a
portion of the shopping center was demolished and replaced by the new SuperFresh
building and an additional 7,500 square feet of small shop space.   SuperFresh
opened for business in late September 1999 and the small shop space is 100%
leased and occupied.   The Company also completed a facade renovation of the
adjacent 56,000 square foot Boulevard shopping center, similar in appearance
with that of the Shops at Fairfax.

     In late 1999, the Company completed redevelopment of the Beacon Center,
located along U.S. Route 1 in Alexandria, Virginia.  Beacon Center's central
enclosed mall area was demolished and construction of a 148,000 square foot
Lowe's home improvement and garden center store was completed and opened during
November 1999.  In addition to the new Lowe's, 8,000 square feet of new small
shop space was also constructed and is 100% leased and occupied.

     During late 1999, the Company purchased land located within the 1,580 acre
community of Ashburn Village in Loudoun County, Virginia, adjacent to its
108,000 square foot Ashburn Village neighborhood shopping center.  The land was
developed into Ashburn Village II, a 40,200 square foot in-line and pad
expansion to the existing shopping center, containing 23,600 square feet of
retail space and 16,600 square feet of professional office suites.  Pad sites
are being leased to restaurant and other users for free-standing buildings.
Base building construction and site work was completed in June 2000.
Approximately 92% of the new space has been leased. The entire shopping center
is currently 98% leased.

     During the third quarter of 2000, the Company purchased an additional 7.1
acres of land adjacent to Ashburn Village II for $1,579,000.  The Company has
begun developing 4.0 acres of the land as Ashburn Village III, consisting of an
18,000 square foot in-line expansion to the retail area of the existing shopping
center.  Ashburn III will also include several free standing pad sites.
Construction is scheduled to be completed for occupancy in the spring of 2001.
The remaining 3.1 acres provide the Company with the ability to develop up to
40,000 square feet of additional commercial space.

     Office development and acquisition activities were an integral part of the
Company's focus during 2000, and substantial efforts in this area will continue
throughout 2001.  In February 1999, the Company announced the development of
Washington Square at Old Town, a new Class A mixed-use office/retail complex
along North Washington Street in historic Old Town Alexandria in Northern
Virginia. The project will provide 235,000 square feet of leasable area and is
well located on a two-acre site along Alexandria's main street. The project
consists of two identical buildings separated by a landscaped brick courtyard.
Base building construction is substantially completed. Work continues on the
building tenants' fixturing and interior areas. The Company has successfully
negotiated and signed leases on 49% of the 235,000 square feet of tenant space.
The 45,000 square feet of street level retail space is 83% leased and 40% of the
office space is leased. The Company has delivered all of the leased office and
retail space to tenants, substantially all of which were operating by first
quarter 2001.

     The conversion and redevelopment of the former Tulsa, Oklahoma shopping
center to an office/warehouse facility named Crosstown Business Center
continues.  Eight tenants have leased 48% of the office park and several other
leases are under negotiation.

                                       7
<PAGE>

     In October 2000, the Company purchased a newly constructed 30,000 square
foot office/flex building adjacent to its Avenel Business Park in Gaithersburg,
Maryland.  The building is 100% leased to a single tenant.  This acquisition
increases the size of the Company's Avenel Business Park to 389,000 square feet,
all of which was leased as of February 2001.



Item 2.  Properties

Overview
--------

     The Company is the owner and operator of a real estate portfolio of 33
properties totaling approximately 6,100,000 square feet of gross leasable area
("GLA") located primarily in the Washington, D.C./Baltimore metropolitan area.
The portfolio is composed of 28 neighborhood and community Shopping Centers, and
5 predominantly Office Properties totaling approximately 4,900,000 and 1,200,000
square feet of GLA, respectively.  Only the United States Government (12.3%), a
tenant of 6 properties and Giant Food (6.5%), a tenant of 8 Shopping Centers,
individually accounted for more than 2.2% of the Company's total revenues for
the year ending December 31, 2000.  With the exception of 5 Shopping Center
properties and a portion of one Office Property purchased or developed during
the past five years, the Company's Current Portfolio Properties consist of
seasoned properties that have been owned and managed by The Saul Organization
for 15 years or more.  The Company expects to hold its properties as long-term
investments, and it has no maximum period for retention of any investment.  It
plans to selectively acquire additional income-producing properties and to
expand, renovate, and improve its properties when circumstances warrant.  See
"Item 1. Business--Operating Strategies" and "Business--Capital Strategies."


The Shopping Centers
--------------------

     Community and neighborhood shopping centers typically are anchored by one
or more supermarkets, discount department stores or drug stores.  These anchors
offer day-to-day necessities rather than apparel and luxury goods and,
therefore, generate consistent local traffic.   By contrast, regional malls
generally are larger and typically are anchored by one or more full-service
department stores.

     The Shopping Centers (typically) are seasoned community and neighborhood
shopping centers located in well established, highly developed, densely
populated, middle and upper income areas.  Based upon census data, the average
estimated population within a three- and five-mile radius of the Shopping
Centers is approximately 105,000 and 259,000, respectively.  The average
household income within a three and five mile radius of the Shopping Centers is
$66,000 and $67,000, respectively, compared to a national average of $58,000.
Because the Shopping Centers generally are located in highly developed areas,
management believes that there is little likelihood that any significant numbers
of competing centers will be developed in the future.

     The Shopping Centers range in size from 5,000 to 561,000 square feet of
GLA, with seven in excess of 300,000 square feet, and a weighted average of
approximately 182,000 square feet.  A majority of the Shopping Centers are
anchored by several major tenants and other tenants offering primarily day-to-
day necessities and services.  Seventeen of the 28 Shopping Centers are anchored
by a grocery store.  As of February 2001, no single Shopping Center accounted
for more than 11.5% of the total Shopping Center GLA.

                                       8
<PAGE>

The Office Properties
---------------------

     Four of the five Office Properties are located in the Washington, D.C.
metropolitan area and contain an aggregate GLA of approximately 975,000 square
feet, comprised of 889,000 and 86,000 square feet of office and retail space,
respectively.  The fifth Office Property is located in Tulsa, Oklahoma and
contains GLA of 197,000 square feet.  The Office Properties represent three
distinct styles of facilities, are located in differing commercial environments
with distinctive demographic characteristics, and are geographically removed
from one another.  As a consequence, management believes that the Washington
D.C. area Office Properties compete for tenants in different commercial and
geographic sub-markets of the metropolitan Washington, D.C. market and do not
compete with one another.

     601 Pennsylvania Ave. is a nine-story, Class A office building (with a
small amount of street level retail space) built in 1986 and located in a prime
downtown location.  Van Ness Square is a six-story office/retail building
rebuilt in 1990.  Van Ness Square is located in a highly developed commercial
area of Northwest Washington, D.C. which offers extensive retail and restaurant
amenities.  Management believes that the Washington, D.C. office market is one
of the strongest and most stable leasing markets in the nation, with relatively
low vacancy rates in comparison to other major metropolitan areas.  It believes
that the long-term stability of this market is attributable to the status of
Washington, D.C. as the nation's capital and to the presence of the federal
government, international agencies, and an expanding private sector job market.

     Washington Square at Old Town is a new 235,000 square foot Class A mixed-
use office/retail complex being developed on a two-acre site along Alexandria's
main street, North Washington Street, in historic Old Town Alexandria.
Washington Square features two twin four-story buildings with brick and cast
stone exterior facades and glass curtain walls overlooking a spacious,
attractively landscaped brick-courtyard. Tenants are attracted by the property's
three-story atrium lobbies, fitness center, concierge service, 600 space parking
structure and computerized energy management system. The Company is marketing
the 190,000 square feet of office space to corporate users, professionals and
trade associations. A total of 77,000 square feet of this office space is
currently leased and occupied. The 45,000 square feet of street-level retail
space is 83% leased to tenants serving the property's office tenants and
residents of the surrounding community.

     Avenel Business Park (Phases I-III) is a research park located in a
Maryland suburb of Washington, D.C.   On April 1, 1998, the Company purchased
Avenel IV, a newly constructed and 100% leased office/flex building located
adjacent to Avenel Phases I-III.  Two additional buildings (Avenel V) were
completed in January 1999.  Phase VI was purchased October 2000.  The combined
business park consists of twelve one-story buildings built in five phases which
were completed in 1981, 1985, 1989, 1998, 1999 and 2000.  Management believes
that, due to its desirable location, the high quality of the property and the
relative scarcity of research and development space in its immediate area,
Avenel should continue to attract and retain desirable tenants in the future.

     Crosstown Business Center is a 197,135 square foot flex office/warehouse
complex located in Tulsa, Oklahoma.  The Company is capitalizing on the
property's close proximity to Tulsa's international airport and complimentary
facilities by converting the former strip shopping center into a use more
suitable to the property's location and physical layout.

     The following table sets forth, at the dates indicated, certain information
regarding the Current Portfolio Properties:

                                       9
<PAGE>

          Saul Centers, Inc.
Schedule of Current Portfolio Properties
          December 31, 2000

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                            Leasable           Year
                                                                              Area          Developed                 Land
                                                                            (Square        or Acquired                Area
             Property                         Location                       Feet)         (Renovated)               (Acres)
    ========================         ==========================          ============    ===============          =============
<S>                                  <C>                                 <C>             <C>                      <C>
Shopping Centers
----------------

   Ashburn Village I & II                   Ashburn, VA                      148,381         1994, 2000                19.3

   Ashburn Village III & IV   /(a)/         Ashburn, VA                       18,000           2000/01                  7.1

   Beacon Center                            Alexandria, VA                   355,659       1972 (1993/99)              32.3

   Belvedere                                Baltimore, MD                     54,941            1972                    4.8

   Boulevard                                Fairfax, VA                       56,350         1994 (1999)                5.0

   Clarendon                                Arlington, VA                      6,940            1973                    0.5

   Clarendon Station                        Arlington, VA                      4,868            1996                    0.1

   Flagship Center                          Rockville, MD                     21,500         1972, 1989                 0.5

   French Market                            Oklahoma City, OK                247,393       1974 (1984/98)              13.8

   Germantown                               Germantown, MD                    26,241            1992                    2.7

   Giant                                    Baltimore, MD                     70,040         1972 (1990)                5.0

   The Glen                                 Lake Ridge, VA                   112,639            1994                   14.7

   Great Eastern                            District Heights, MD             254,398         1972 (1995)               23.9

   Hampshire Langley                        Langley Park, MD                 131,700         1972 (1979)                9.9

   Leesburg Pike                            Baileys Crossroads, VA            97,880       1966 (1982/95)               9.4

   Lexington Mall                           Lexington, KY                    315,707            1974                   30.0

   Lumberton                                Lumberton, NJ                    189,398       1975 (1992/96)              23.3

   Olney                                    Olney, MD                         53,765         1975 (1990)                3.7

   Ravenwood                                Baltimore, MD                     87,750            1972                    8.0

   Seven Corners                            Falls Church, VA                 560,998        1973 (1994-7)              31.6

   Shops at Fairfax                         Fairfax, VA                       68,743       1975 (1993/99)               6.7

   Southdale                                Glen Burnie, MD                  484,115         1972 (1986)               39.6

<CAPTION>
                                 Percentage Leased
          Property           Dec-2000          Dec-1999            Anchor / Significant Tenants
     =================      =========        =========== ==================================================================
<S>                         <C>              <C>         <C>
Shopping Centers
----------------

   Ashburn Village I & II        98%            100%     Giant Food, Blockbuster

   Ashburn Village III & IV      65%            n/a

   Beacon Center                 96%            100%     Lowe's, Giant Food, Office Depot, Outback Steakhouse, Marshalls,
                                                         Hollywood Video, Hancock Fabrics

   Belvedere                    100%             89%     Food King, McCrory


   Boulevard                    100%            100%     Danker Furniture, Petco, Party City

   Clarendon                    100%            100%

   Clarendon Station            100%            100%

   Flagship Center              100%            100%

   French Market                 87%             94%     Burlington Coat Factory, Bed Bath & Beyond, Famous Footwear,
                                                         Lakeshore Learning Center, BridesMart, Staples
   Germantown                    97%             97%

   Giant                        100%            100%     Giant Food

   The Glen                     100%             97%     Safeway Marketplace, CVS Pharmacy

   Great Eastern                100%             98%     Giant Food, Pep Boys, Big Lots, Run N' Shoot

   Hampshire Langley            100%            100%     Safeway, McCrory, Blockbuster

   Leesburg Pike                100%            100%     Zany Brainy, CVS Pharmacy, Kinko's, Hollywood Video

   Lexington Mall                78%             82%     Dillard's,  Rite Aid

   Lumberton                     85%             85%     SuperFresh, Rite Aid, Blockbuster, Ace Hardware

   Olney                         95%             99%     Rite Aid

   Ravenwood                     98%            100%     Giant Food, Hollywood Video

   Seven Corners                 99%            100%     Home Depot, Shoppers Club, Best Buy, Michaels, Barnes & Noble, Ross Dress
                                                         For Less, G Street Fabrics, Champs

   Shops at Fairfax             100%            100%     SuperFresh, Blockbuster

   Southdale                     99%            100%     Giant Food, Circuit City, Kids R Us, Michaels, Marshalls, PetSmart, Value
                                                         City Furniture
</TABLE>

                                      -10-
<PAGE>

          Saul Centers, Inc.
Schedule of Current Portfolio Properties
          December 31, 2000

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                            Leasable                Year
                                                                              Area                Developed              Land
                                                                             (Square             or Acquired             Area
        Property                                    Location                  Feet)              (Renovated)            (Acres)
     =============                          ========================     ================     ==================      ===========
<S>                                         <C>                          <C>                  <C>                     <C>
Shopping Centers  (continued)
-----------------------------

   Southside Plaza                          Richmond, VA                        343,355             1972                   32.8

   South Dekalb Plaza                       Atlanta, GA                         185,335             1976                   14.6

   Thruway                                  Winston-Salem, NC                   345,454          1972 (1997)               30.5

   Village Center                           Centreville, VA                     143,109             1990                   17.2

   West Park                                Oklahoma City, OK                    76,610             1975                   11.2

   White Oak                                Silver Spring, MD                   480,156          1972 (1993)               28.5
                                                                            -----------                                  ------
                                          Total Shopping Centers              4,941,425                                   426.7
                                                                            -----------                                  ------

Office Properties
-----------------

   Avenel Business Park                     Gaithersburg, MD                    388,620           1981-2000                37.1

   Crosstown Business Center   /(b)/        Tulsa, OK                           197,135          1975 (2000)               22.4

   601 Pennsylvania Ave                     Washington, DC                      225,223          1973 (1986)                1.0

   Van Ness Square                          Washington, DC                      156,182          1973 (1990)                1.2

   Washington Square                        Alexandria, VA                      235,000          1975 (2000)                2.0
                                                                            -----------                                  ------
                                          Total Office Properties             1,202,160                                    61.7
                                                                            -----------                                  ------


                                                  Total Portfolio             6,143,585                                   488.4
                                                                            ===========                                  ======

<CAPTION>
                                    Percentage Leased
          Property              Dec-2000       Dec-1999                  Anchor / Significant Tenants
     =================         =========     =========== ==================================================================
<S>                            <C>           <C>         <C>
Shopping Centers  (continued)
-----------------------------

   Southside Plaza                81%            92%     CVS Pharmacy, Community Pride Supermarket, Maxway

   South Dekalb Plaza            100%            82%     MacFrugals, Pep Boys, The Emory Clinic

   Thruway                        93%            96%     Bed, Bath & Beyond, Stein Mart, Harris Teeter, Fresh Market, Eckerd Drugs,
                                                         Houlihan's, Borders Books, Zany Brainy, Blockbuster

   Village Center                100%            98%     Giant Food, Tuesday Morning

   West Park                      58%            58%     Homeland Stores, Family Dollar

   White Oak                      99%           100%     Giant Food, Sears, Rite Aid, Blockbuster
                              ------          -----
                                94.1%/(c)/     95.2%
                              ------          -----
Office Properties
-----------------

   Avenel Business Park          100%            94%     Quanta Systems, General Services Administration, GeneLogic, VIRxSYS,
                                                         Ventana Medical, Paragea Communications, Boston Biomedica, Broadsoft

   Crosstown Business Center      41%            15%     Compass Group, Roxtec, Par Electric

   601 Pennsylvania Ave          100%           100%     General Services Administration, Alltel, American Arbitration, Capital
                                                         Grille

   Van Ness Square                93%            96%     INTELSAT, Team Video Intl, Office Depot, Pier 1

   Washington Square              49%           n/a      Vanderweil Engineering, World Wide Retail Exchange, American Management
                                                         Systems, Rite Aid, Trader Joe's, Blockbuster
                              ------          -----
                                86.8%/(c)/     79.3%
                              ------          -----

                                92.9%/(c)/     92.7%
                              ======          =====
</TABLE>


                   /(a)/ Undeveloped land acquired August 2000. Construction has
                         commenced for a 18,000 square foot in-line expansion to
                         Ashburn Village. The expansion space is 65% pre-leased
                         to tenants scheduled to occupy Phase III in spring
                         2001. Phase IV consists of approximately 3.1 acres of
                         undeveloped land.

                   /(b)/ Currently operational, but under development to convert
                         former shopping center to office park/warehouse use.

                   /(c)/ Washington Square and Ashburn Village III & IV,
                         currently under construction and not yet fully
                         operational, are excluded from these averages.

                                      -11-
<PAGE>

Item 3.  Legal Proceedings

         In the normal course of business, the Company is involved in
litigation, including litigation arising out of the collection of rents, the
enforcement or defense of the priority of its security interests, and the
continued development and marketing of certain of its real estate properties. In
the opinion of management, litigation that is currently pending should not have
a material adverse impact on the financial condition or future operations of the
Company.

Item 4.  Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders

         None.

                                    PART II

Item 5.  Market for Registrant's Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters

Market Information
------------------

         Saul Centers shares are listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the
symbol "BFS". The composite high and low closing sale prices for the common
stock shares as reported by the New York Stock Exchange for each quarter of 2000
and 1999 were as follows:

                               Period                           Share Price
                               ------                           -----------

                                                             High        Low
                                                             ----        ---
                  October 1, 2000 - December 31, 2000        $18.63    $15.31
                  July 1, 2000 - September 30, 2000          $16.50    $15.63
                  April 1, 2000 - June 30, 2000              $16.81    $15.38
                  January 1, 2000 - March 31, 2000           $16.31    $13.94

                  October 1, 1999 - December 31, 1999        $15.94    $14.00
                  July 1, 1999 - September 30, 1999          $17.19    $14.81
                  April 1, 1999 - June 30, 1999              $17.13    $14.75
                  January 1, 1999 - March 31, 1999           $15.56    $14.50

         On February 23, 2001, the closing price was $18.75.

Holders
-------

The approximate number of holders of record of the common stock was 500 as of
February 23, 2001.

                                       12
<PAGE>

Dividends
---------

         The Company paid four quarterly distributions in the amount of $0.39
per share, during each of the years ended December 31, 2000 and 1999, totaling
$1.56 per share for each of these years, or an annual yield of 8.2% based on the
closing price of the common stock on the New York Stock Exchange as of February
23, 2001. The Company has determined that 90.11% of the total $1.56 per share
paid in calendar year 2000 represents currently taxable dividend income to the
stockholders, while the balance of 9.89% is considered return of capital.

         The Company's estimate of cash flow available for distributions is
believed to be based on reasonable assumptions and represents a reasonable basis
for setting distributions. However, the actual results of operations of the
Company will be affected by a variety of factors, including actual rental
revenue, operating expenses of the Company, interest expense, general economic
conditions, federal, state and local taxes (if any), unanticipated capital
expenditures, and the adequacy of reserves. While the Company intends to
continue paying regular quarterly distributions, any future payments will be
determined solely by the Board of Directors and will depend on a number of
factors, including cash flow of the Company, its financial condition and capital
requirements, the annual distribution requirements required to maintain its
status as a REIT under the Code, and such other factors as the Board of
Directors deems relevant.

         Under the Code, REIT's are subject to numerous organizational and
operation requirements, including the requirement to distribute at least 95%
(90% for tax years beginning on or after January 1, 2001) of REIT taxable
income. The Company distributed amounts greater than the required amount in 2000
and 1999. Actual distributions by the Company were $29,186,000 in 2000 and
$28,231,000 in 1999.

Item 6.  Selected Financial Data

         The selected financial data of the Company contained herein has been
derived from the consolidated financial statements of the Company. The data
should be read in conjunction with "Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and the Consolidated Financial
Statements included elsewhere in this report. The historical selected financial
data have been derived from audited financial statements for all periods.

                                       13
<PAGE>

Saul Centers, Inc.
                            SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA
                     (in thousands, except per share data)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                        Years Ended December 31,
                                                                 2000       1999        1998          1997           1996
                                                               --------  ----------  -----------   ----------    -----------
<S>                                                            <C>       <C>          <C>         <C>           <C>
Operating Data:
--------------
  Total revenue.............................................   $  79,029 $   73,791   $  70,583    $   67,717    $    64,023
  Operating expenses........................................      56,915     53,124      53,393        50,722         49,761
                                                               --------- ----------   ---------    ----------    -----------

  Operating income..........................................      22,114     20,667      17,190        16,995         14,262
  Non-operating income (loss)
     Gain on sale of property...............................          --        553          --            --             --
     Change in accounting method............................          --         --        (771)           --             --
     Sale of interest rate protection agreements............          --         --          --        (4,392)          (972)
                                                               --------- ----------   ---------    ----------    -----------
  Net income before extraordinary item and minority
      interests.............................................      22,114     21,220      16,419        12,603         13,290
  Extraordinary item: Early extinguishment of debt..........          --         --         (50)       (3,197)          (587)
                                                               --------- ----------   ---------    ----------    -----------
  Net income before minority interests......................      22,114     21,220      16,369         9,406         12,703
  Minority interests........................................      (8,069)    (7,923)     (7,240)       (6,854)        (6,852)
                                                               --------- ----------   ---------    ----------    -----------
  Net income................................................   $  14,045 $   13,297   $   9,129    $    2,552    $     5,851
                                                               ========= ==========   =========    ==========    ===========

Per Share Data:
--------------
  Net income before extraordinary item and minority interests  $    1.18 $     1.17   $    0.95    $     0.76    $      0.81
                                                               ========= ==========   =========    ==========    ===========
  Net income................................................   $    1.03 $     1.01   $    0.72    $     0.21    $      0.49
                                                               ========= ==========   =========    ==========    ===========

  Weighted average shares outstanding:
     Fully converted........................................      18,796     18,148      17,233        16,690         16,424
                                                               ========= ==========   =========    ==========    ===========
     Common stock...........................................      13,623     13,100      12,644        12,297         12,031
                                                               ========= ==========   =========    ==========    ===========

Dividends Paid:
--------------
     Cash dividends to common
       stockholders  (1)....................................   $  21,117 $   20,308   $  19,731    $   19,063    $    18,669
                                                               ========= ==========   =========    ==========    ===========
     Cash dividends per share...............................   $    1.56 $     1.56   $    1.56    $     1.56    $      1.56
                                                               ========= ==========   =========    ==========    ===========
Balance Sheet Data:
------------------
  Income-producing properties
      (net of accumulated depreciation).....................   $ 267,681 $  256,110   $ 246,151    $  242,653    $   234,699
  Total assets..............................................     334,450    299,665     271,034       260,942        263,495
  Total debt, including accrued interest....................     344,686    311,114     291,576       286,072        273,731
  Total stockholder's equity (deficit)......................     (31,155)   (31,859)    (37,284)      (38,054)       (26,361)

Other Data
----------
  Funds from operations (2)
     Net income before minority interests...................  $   22,114 $   21,220   $  16,369    $    9,406    $    12,703
     Depreciation and amortization of real property.........      13,534     12,163      12,578        10,642         10,860
     Gain on sale of property...............................          --       (553)         --            --             --
     Change in accounting method............................          --         --         771            --             --
     Debt restructuring losses:
       Sale of interest rate protection agreements..........          --         --          --         4,392            972
     Extraordinary item: early extinguishment of debt.......          --         --          50         3,197            587
                                                              ---------- ----------   ---------    ----------    -----------
  Funds from operations.....................................  $   35,648 $   32,830   $  29,768    $   27,637    $    25,122
                                                              ========== ==========   =========    ==========    ===========
  Cash flow provided by (used in):
     Operating activities...................................  $   33,310 $   31,645   $  29,686    $   28,936    $    29,677
     Investing activities...................................  $  (43,426)$  (36,920)  $ (14,776)   $  (16,094)   $    (8,035)
     Financing activities...................................  $   10,931 $    3,837   $ (13,203)   $  (12,192)   $   (22,278)
</TABLE>

________________________________________________________________________________

(1)  By operation of the Company's dividend reinvestment plan, $7,984, $7,162
     and $6,634, was reinvested in newly issued common stock during 2000, 1999
     and 1998, respectively.

(2)  Funds From Operations (FFO), presented on a fully converted basis is
     defined as net income before gains or losses from property sales,
     extraordinary items and before real estate depreciation and amortization.
     Prior to 1/1/2000, the FFO definition required the elimination of debt
     restructuring gains and losses. FFO may not be comparable to similarly
     titled measures employed by other REITs. FFO does not represent cash
     generated from operating activities in accordance with generally accepted
     accounting principles and is not necessarily indicative of cash available
     to fund cash needs, which is disclosed in the Consolidated Statements of
     Cash Flows for the applicable periods. There are no material legal or
     functional restrictions on the use of FFO. FFO should not be considered as
     an alternative to net income as an indicator of the Company's operating
     performance or as an alternative to cash flows as a measure of liquidity.
     Management considers FFO a supplemental measure of operating performance
     and along with cash flow from operating activities, financing activities
     and investing activities, it provides investors with an indication of the
     ability of the Company to incur and service debt, to make capital
     expenditures and to fund cash needs.

                                      14

<PAGE>

Item 7.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
         of Operations

         This section should be read in conjunction with the selected financial
data and the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company and The Saul
Organization and the accompanying notes in "Item 6. Selected Financial Data" and
"Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data," respectively, of this
report. Historical results and percentage relationships set forth in these Items
and this section should not be taken as indicative of future operations of the
Company. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined in this section, have
the meanings given to them in Items 1 - 6 of this Form 10-K. This Form 10-K
contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended. These statements are generally characterized by terms
such as "believe", "expect" and "may".

         Although the Company believes that the expectations reflected in such
forward-looking statements are based upon reasonable assumptions, the Company's
actual results could differ materially from those given in the forward-looking
statements as a result of changes in factors which include among others, the
following: general economic and business conditions, which will, among other
things, affect demand for retail and office space; demand for retail goods;
availability and credit worthiness of the prospective tenants; lease rents and
the terms and availability of financing; adverse changes in the real estate
markets including, among other things, competition with other companies and
technology, risks of real estate development and acquisition, governmental
actions and initiatives, debt refinancing risk, conflicts of interests,
maintenance of REIT status and environmental/safety requirements.

General
-------

         The following discussion is based on the consolidated financial
statements of the Company as of December 31, 2000 and for the year ended
December 31, 2000. Prior year data is based on the Company's consolidated
financial statements as of December 31, 1999 and 1998 and for the years ended
December 31, 1999 and 1998.

Liquidity and Capital Resources
-------------------------------

         The Company's principal demands for liquidity are expected to be
distributions to its stockholders, debt service and loan repayments, expansion
and renovation of the Current Portfolio Properties and selective acquisition and
development of additional properties. In order to qualify as a REIT for federal
income tax purposes, the Company must distribute to its stockholders at least
95% (90% for tax years beginning on or after January 1, 2001) of its "real
estate investment trust taxable income," as defined in the Code. The Company
anticipates that operating revenues will provide the funds necessary for
operations, debt service, distributions, and required recurring capital
expenditures. Balloon principal repayments are expected to be funded by
refinancings.

         Management anticipates that during the coming year the Company may: i)
redevelop certain of the Shopping Centers, ii) develop additional freestanding
outparcels or expansions within certain of the Shopping Centers, iii) acquire
existing neighborhood and community shopping centers and/or office properties,
and iv) develop new shopping center or office sites. Acquisition and development
of properties are undertaken only after careful analysis and review, and
management's determination that such property is expected to provide long-term
earnings and cash flow growth. During the coming year, any developments,
expansions or acquisitions are expected to be funded with bank borrowings from
the Company's credit line, construction financing, proceeds from the operation
of the Company's dividend reinvestment plan or other external capital resources
available to the Company.

         The Company expects to fulfill its long range requirements for capital
resources in a variety of ways, including undistributed cash flow from
operations, secured or unsecured bank and institutional borrowings, private or
public offerings of debt or equity securities and proceeds from the sales of
properties. Borrowings may be at the Saul Centers, Operating Partnership or
Subsidiary Partnership level, and securities offerings may include (subject to
certain limitations) the issuance of additional limited partnership interests in
the Operating Partnership which can be converted into shares of Saul Centers
common stock.

                                       15
<PAGE>

          Management believes that the Company's current capital resources,
including approximately $35,500,000 of the Company's credit line, which was
available for borrowing as of December 31, 2000, will be sufficient to meet its
liquidity needs for the foreseeable future.

Capital Strategy and Financing Activity
---------------------------------------

          The Company's capital strategy is to maintain a ratio of total debt to
total asset value of 50% or less, and to actively manage the Company's leverage
and debt expense on an ongoing basis in order to maintain prudent coverage of
fixed charges. Management believes that current total debt remains less than 50%
of total asset value. Over 77% of the Company's debt balances as of December 31,
2000 have a maturities beyond the year 2010. The Company's interest expense
coverage ratio increased to 2.51 during the past year, from 2.48 in 1999.

          During 1999, the Company closed a $38,000,000 construction loan to
fund the development costs associated with Washington Square, the mixed-use
office/retail complex which the Company is constructing in Old Town Alexandria,
Virginia. In October 1999, the Company secured a $4,000,000 increase in the
construction loan in order to fully fund the increase in the overall project
size from 225,000 leasable square feet to 235,000 leasable square feet and
additional construction costs. The loan has an initial three-year term with an
interest rate of LIBOR plus 1.90%, with the spread over LIBOR declining as
leasing of the office and retail space is achieved.

          In May 2000 the Company closed on a $14,300,000 fixed rate mortgage
loan secured by the recently renovated Shops At Fairfax and Boulevard shopping
centers. The loan term is 15 years, maturing in May 2015, and requires monthly
principal and interest payments based on a 22-year amortization schedule and a
rate of 8.33%.

          In July 2000, the Company closed on a three year renewal and amendment
of its unsecured revolving credit facility, which increased the borrowing
availability from $60,000,000 under the former line, to $70,000,000. The new
line requires monthly interest payments either at the London Interbank Offer
Rate (LIBOR) plus a spread of 1.625% to 1.875% (determined by certain debt
service coverage and leverage tests) or at the bank's reference rate, at the
Company's option. The credit line matures July 18, 2003 or may be extended one
additional year, at the Company's option, by paying a 1/4% extension fee.

          As of February 23, 2001, outstanding borrowings on the Company's
$70,000,000 unsecured credit line totaled $40,250,000, leaving $29,750,000 of
credit availability. The Company has fixed interest rates on approximately 78.6%
of its total debt outstanding, which now has a weighted remaining term of 11.2
years.

                                       16
<PAGE>

Financial Information
---------------------

         In 2000, the Company reported Funds From Operations (FFO) of
$35,648,000 on a fully converted basis. This represents a 8.6% increase over
1999 FFO of $32,830,000. The following table represents a reconciliation from
net income before minority interests to FFO:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                     For the Years Ended December 31,
(Dollars in thousands)                                                           2000             1999           1998
---------------------                                                            ----             ----           ----
<S>                                                                           <C>              <C>            <C>
Net income before minority interests                                          $22,114          $21,220        $16,369
Subtract:
   Gain on sale of property                                                         -              553              -
Add:
   Depreciation and amortization of real property                              13,534           12,163         12,578
   Extraordinary Item:
          Write-off of unamortized loan costs                                       -                -             50
                                                                              -------          -------        -------
                                                                               35,648           32,830         28,997
 Add: Retroactive impact of change in accounting method/1/                          -                -            771
                                                                              -------          -------        -------

Funds From Operations/2/                                                      $35,648          $32,830        $29,768
                                                                              =======          =======        =======
</TABLE>

         Cash flow from operating activities, investing activities and financing
activities are as follows:


Cash flows provided by (used in):
-------------------------------
(Dollars in thousands)                       For the Years Ended December 31,
                                         2000             1999           1998
                                         ----             ----           ----

Operating activities                  $33,310          $31,645        $29,686

Investing activities                  -43,426          -36,920        -14,776

Financing activities                   10,931            3,837        -13,203

___________________

/1/ Retroactive to January 1, 1998, the Company began recognition of percentage
rental income in accordance with a new accounting pronouncement.

/2/ FFO, as defined by the National Association of Real Estate Investment
Trusts, presented on a fully converted basis and the most widely accepted
measure of operating performance for real estate investment trusts, is defined
as net income before gains or losses from property sales, extraordinary items,
and before real estate depreciation and amortization.  FFO does not represent
cash generated from operating activities in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles and is not necessarily indicative of cash available to
fund cash needs, which is disclosed in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
for the applicable periods.  There are no material legal of functional
restrictions on the use of FFO.  FFO should not be considered as an alternative
to net income as an indicator of the Company's operating performance, or as an
alternative to cash flows as a measure of liquidity.  Management considers FFO a
supplemental measure of operating performance and along with cash flow from
opertaing activities, financing activities and investing activities, it provides
with an indication of the ability of the Company to incur and service debt, to
make capital expenditures and to fund other cash needs.  FFO may not be
comparable to similarly titled measures employed by other REITs.

                                       17
<PAGE>

Redevelopments, Renovations and Acquisitions
--------------------------------------------

         The Company has been selectively involved in redevelopment, renovation
and acquisition activities. It continues to evaluate land parcels for retail and
office development and potential acquisitions of operating properties for
opportunities to enhance operating income and cash flow growth. The Company also
continues to take advantage of redevelopment, renovation and expansion
opportunities within the portfolio, as demonstrated by its activities in 2000 at
Washington Square, Ashburn Village, French Market, Avenel Business Park and
Crosstown Business Center. The Company also completed development activity
during 1999 at Beacon Center, Shops at Fairfax and Avenel Business Park.

         During the year 2000 the Company continued the development of
Washington Square at Old Town, a new Class A mixed-use office/retail complex
along North Washington Street in historic Old Town Alexandria in Northern
Virginia. The project will provide 235,000 square feet of leasable area and is
well located on a two-acre site along Alexandria's main street. The project
consists of two identical buildings separated by a landscaped brick courtyard.
Base building construction is substantially completed. Work continues on the
building tenants' fixturing and interior areas. The Company has delivered
substantially all of the leased retail space to tenants, several of which were
operating by year-end 2000. The Company has successfully negotiated and signed
leases on 49% of the 235,000 square feet of tenant space. The 45,000 square feet
of street level retail space is 83% leased and 40% of the office space is
leased.

         During late 1999, the Company purchased land located within the 1,580
acre community of Ashburn Village in Loudoun County, Virginia, adjacent to its
108,000 square foot Ashburn Village neighborhood shopping center. The land was
developed into Ashburn Village II, a 40,200 square foot in-line and pad
expansion to the existing shopping center, containing 23,600 square feet of
retail space and 16,600 square feet of professional office suites. Pad sites are
being leased to restaurant and other users for free-standing buildings. Base
building construction and site work was completed in June 2000. Approximately
92% of the new space has been leased. The entire shopping center is currently
98% leased. During the third quarter of 2000, the Company purchased an
additional 7.1 acres of land adjacent to Ashburn Village II for $1,579,000. The
Company has begun developing 4.0 acres of the land as Ashburn Village III,
consisting of an 18,000 square foot in-line expansion to the retail area of the
existing shopping center. Ashburn III will also include several free standing
pad sites. Construction is scheduled to be completed for occupancy in the spring
of 2001. The remaining 3.1 acres provide the Company with the ability to develop
up to 40,000 square feet of additional commercial space.

         During 1998 and 1999, the Company executed a plan to redevelop its
213,000 square foot French Market shopping center, advantageously located in the
thriving northwest section of Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. The plan specified the
retenanting of a 103,000 square foot anchor tenant space and conversion of an
outdated mini-mall to an anchor tenant use. The former Venture store space was
re-demised and leased to Bed Bath and Beyond, Staples, Famous Footwear,
BridesMart and Lakeshore Learning. The former enclosed mini-mall was leased to
Burlington Coat Factory and during 2000, converted into a two-level 90,000
square foot super store, increasing the center's size to 247,000 square feet.
The facade of the center was updated to complement the addition of the new
tenants. The Company has recently obtained control of 20,000 square feet of
space formerly operated as a grocery store. The Company has begun an exterior
and interior renovation and this space is  currently 54% pre-leased. As a
result, of the Company's efforts, approximately 92% of the center is leased as
of February 2001.

         In October 2000, the Company purchased a newly constructed 30,000
square foot office/flex building adjacent to its Avenel Business Park in
Gaithersburg, Maryland. The building is 100% leased to a single tenant. This
acquisition increases the size of the Company's Avenel Business Park to 389,000
square feet, all of which was leased as of February 2001.

         The conversion and redevelopment of the former Tulsa, Oklahoma shopping
center to an office/warehouse facility named Crosstown Business Center
continues. Eight tenants have leased 48% of the facility and several other
leases are under negotiation.

                                       18
<PAGE>

         The Company completed a significant redevelopment during 1999 with the
opening of a 53,000 square foot SuperFresh grocery store at the Shops at
Fairfax, located in Fairfax, Virginia. A small enclosed mall comprising a
portion of the shopping center was demolished and replaced by the new SuperFresh
building and an additional 7,500 square feet of small shop space. SuperFresh
opened for business in late September 1999 and the small shop space is 100%
leased and occupied. The Company also completed a facade renovation of the
adjacent 56,000 square foot Boulevard shopping center, similar in appearance
with that of the Shops at Fairfax.

          In late 1999, the Company completed redevelopment of the Beacon
Center, located along U.S. Route 1 in Alexandria, Virginia. Beacon Center's
central enclosed mall area was demolished and construction of a 148,000 square
foot Lowe's home improvement and garden center store was completed and opened
during November 1999. In addition to the new Lowe's, 8,000 square feet of new
small shop space was also constructed and is 100% leased and occupied.

Portfolio Leasing Status
------------------------

         At December 31, 2000, the portfolio consisted of 28 Shopping Centers
and five Office Properties, all of which are located in seven states and the
District of Columbia.

         At December 31, 2000, 92.9% of the Company's 5,900,000 square feet of
operating leasable space (excluding properties under development, Ashburn
Village III & IV and Washington Square) was leased to tenants, as compared to
92.7% at December 31, 1999. The shopping center portfolio (excluding Ashburn
Village III & IV) was 94.1% leased at December 31, 2000 compared to 95.2% at
December 31, 1999. The Office Properties (excluding Washington Square) were
86.8% leased at December 31, 2000 compared to 79.3% as of December 31, 1999. The
overall improvement in the year-end 2000 leasing percentage resulted primarily
from the Company's successful leasing at Avenel Business Park and increased
occupancy at Crosstown Business Center.

Results of Operations
---------------------

         The following discussion compares the results of the Company for the
year ended December 31, 2000 with the year ended December 31, 1999, and compares
the year ended December 31, 1999 with the year ended December 31, 1998. This
information should be read in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated
financial statements and the notes related thereto.

Years Ended December 31, 2000 and 1999
--------------------------------------

         Base rent increased to $63,837,000 in 2000 from $59,200,000 in 1999,
representing a $4,637,000 (7.8%) increase. The increase in base rent resulted
primarily from new leases in effect at recently redeveloped shopping centers
(Shops At Fairfax/Boulevard, Thruway, French Market and Ashburn Village), a four
percent average annual occupancy increase at Avenel Business Park, and a 60,000
square foot tenant paying higher rent while holding over beyond its scheduled
lease expiration at 601 Pennsylvania Avenue. The increase in base rent was
diminished in part by decreasing occupancy at Lexington Mall and the absence of
rent from Park Road, sold in December 1999.

         Expense recoveries increased to $11,129,000 in 2000 from $10,176,000 in
1999, representing an increase of $953,000 (9.4%). Expense recovery income
increased primarily as a result of substantial snow removal expenses during 2000
which were recovered from many of the Company's shopping center tenants and to a
lesser extent, improved occupancy rates which allowed a greater percentage of
operating expenses to be recovered from tenants.

         Percentage rent was $2,097,000 in 2000, compared to $2,222,000 in 1999,
representing a decrease of $125,000 (5.6%). The decrease in percentage rent
resulted primarily from the rollover of an anchor tenant lease into higher
paying base rent in lieu of percentage rent at Giant shopping center.


                                       19
<PAGE>

         Other income, which consists primarily of parking income at two of the
Office Properties, kiosk leasing, temporary leases and payments associated with
early termination of leases, was $1,966,000 in 2000, compared to $2,193,000 in
1999, representing a decrease of $227,000 (10.4%). The decrease in other income
resulted from a $252,000 reduction in lease termination payments compared to the
prior year.

         As a consequence of the foregoing, the 2000 total revenues of
$79,029,000 represented an increase of $5,238,000 (7.1%) over 1999 total
revenues of $73,791,000.

         Operating expenses, which consist mainly of repairs and maintenance,
utilities, payroll and insurance expense, increased $551,000 (7.1%) to
$8,271,000 in 2000 from $7,720,000 in 1999. The increase was primarily caused by
higher snow removal expenses resulting from two severe snowstorms impacting the
Mid-Atlantic region during January and February 2000, offset in part by cost
savings achieved by reducing maintenance and utility expenses attributable to
the elimination of the interior mall area, replaced by Burlington Coat Factory's
new super store, as a result of the Company's redevelopment of French Market.

         The provision for credit losses was $467,000 in 2000 compared to
$295,000 in 1999, representing an increase of $172,000 (58.3%). The comparative
credit loss increase resulted from unusually low credit loss activity in 1999,
additions to credit loss reserves for two retail tenants in bankruptcy and rent
in dispute with an office tenant.

         Real estate taxes were $6,451,000 in 2000 compared to $6,207,000 in
1999, representing an increase of $244,000 (3.9%).

         Interest expense was $23,843,000 in 2000 compared to $22,568,000 in
1999, representing an increase of $1,275,000 (5.6%). The increase in interest
expense resulted from increased borrowings related to newly developed and
acquired properties placed in service during 2000 and 1999, and to a lesser
extent, the higher costs of borrowing in 2000 resulting from higher interest
rates compared to 1999.

          Amortization of deferred debt expense was $458,000 in 2000 compared to
$416,000 in 1999, an increase of $42,000 (10.1%). The increase resulted from the
Company's new $14,300,000 long term financing secured by the Shops at Fairfax
and Boulevard shopping centers and the costs of renewing and amending the
Company's revolving credit facility.

         Depreciation and amortization expense was $13,534,000 in 2000 compared
to $12,163,000 in 1999, representing an increase of $1,371,000 (11.3%). The
increase resulted from increased depreciation related to newly developed and
acquired properties placed in service during 2000 and 1999.

         General and administrative expense, which consists primarily of
administrative payroll and other overhead expenses, was $3,891,000 in 2000
compared to $3,755,000 in 1999, representing an increase of $136,000 (3.6%).

         In 1999 the Company reported a gain on sale of property of $553,000
resulting from the District of Columbia's purchase of the Company's Park Road
property as part of an assemblage of parcels for a neighborhood revitalization
project. There were no property sales in 2000.

Years Ended December 31, 1999 and 1998
--------------------------------------

         Base rent increased to $59,200,000 in 1999 from $55,542,000 in 1998,
representing a $3,658,000 (6.6%) increase. The increase in base rent resulted
primarily from new leases in effect at recently redeveloped shopping centers
(French Market, Seven Corners, Beacon Center and Thruway), leases rolling-over
to higher rents in the Office Properties and the rollover of three anchor tenant
leases into higher paying base rent in lieu of percentage rent at White Oak,
Ravenwood and Giant shopping centers. The increase in base rent was diminished
in part by the temporary absence of rental income on space being redeveloped at
the Washington Square at Old Town and Shops at Fairfax developments.

                                       20
<PAGE>

         Expense recoveries increased to $10,176,000 in 1999 from $9,911,000 in
1998, representing an increase of $265,000 (2.7%). Expense recovery income
increased primarily as a result of increases in real estate tax expense billed
and collected from the Company's shopping center tenants.

         Percentage rent was $2,222,000 in 1999, compared to $2,755,000 in 1998,
representing a decrease of $533,000 (19.3%). The decrease in percentage rent
resulted primarily from the rollover of three anchor tenant leases into higher
paying base rent in lieu of percentage rent at White Oak, Ravenwood and Giant
shopping centers.

         Other income, which consists primarily of parking income at two of the
Office Properties, kiosk leasing, temporary leases and payments associated with
early termination of leases, was $2,193,000 in 1999, compared to $2,375,000 in
1998, representing a decrease of $182,000 (7.7%). The decrease in other income
resulted from reduced lease termination payments in the Office Properties
compared to the prior year.

         As a consequence of the foregoing, the 1999 total revenues of
$73,791,000 represented an increase of $3,208,000 (4.5%) over 1998 total
revenues of $70,583,000.

         Operating expenses, which consist mainly of repairs and maintenance,
utilities, payroll and insurance expense, decreased $110,000 (1.4%) to
$7,720,000 in 1999 from $7,830,000 in 1998.

         The provision for credit losses was $295,000 in 1999 compared to
$418,000 in 1998, representing a decrease of $123,000 (29.4%). The credit loss
decrease resulted from lower credit loss activity in 1999 compared to 1998, when
a tenant at Avenel Business Park filed for bankruptcy protection.

         Real estate taxes were $6,207,000 in 1999 compared to $6,128,000 in
1998, representing an increase of $79,000 (1.3%).

         Interest expense was $22,568,000 in 1999 compared to $22,627,000 in
1998, representing a decrease of $59,000 (0.3%).

          Amortization of deferred debt expense was $416,000 in 1999 compared to
$419,000 in 1998, a decrease of $3,000 (0.7%).

         Depreciation and amortization expense was $12,163,000 in 1999 compared
to $12,578,000 in 1998, representing a decrease of $415,000 (3.3%).

         General and administrative expense, which consists primarily of
administrative payroll and other overhead expenses, was $3,755,000 in 1999
compared to $3,393,000 in 1998, representing an increase of $362,000 (10.7%).
The increase in 1999 expenses compared to 1998 resulted from increases in
payroll and state income tax expenses.

          Gain on sale of property of $553,000 in 1999 resulted from the
District of Columbia's purchase of the Company's Park Road property as part of
an assemblage of parcels for a neighborhood revitalization project. There were
no property sales in the 1998 year.

          Extraordinary item, early extinguishment of debt, resulted in losses
of $50,000 in 1998. The losses resulted from the write-off of unamortized loan
costs when the Company refinanced a portion of its loan portfolio. There were no
such losses in 1999.

          Cumulative effect of change in accounting method occurred in 1998,
when the Company adopted a new accounting method as directed by the Emerging
Issues Task Force (EITF), Issue 98-9, Accounting for Contingent Rent In Interim
Financial Periods. The Company recorded a charge of $771,000 for contingent
rents recognized under the previous method.

                                       21
<PAGE>

Item 7a. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

         The Company is exposed to certain financial market risks, the most
predominant being fluctuations in interest rates. Interest rate fluctuations are
monitored by management as an integral part of the Company's overall risk
management program, which recognizes the unpredictability of financial markets
and seeks to reduce the potentially adverse effect on the Company's results of
operations. The Company does not enter into financial instruments for trading
purposes.

         The Company is exposed to interest rate fluctuations primarily as a
result of its variable rate debt used to finance the Company's development and
acquisition activities and for general corporate purposes. As of December 31,
2000, the Company had variable rate indebtedness totaling $67,824,000. Interest
rate fluctuations will affect the Company's interest expense on its variable
rate debt. If the interest rate on the Company's variable rate debt instruments
outstanding at December 31, 2000 had been one percent higher, annual interest
expense relating to these debt instruments would have increased by $678,000,
based on those balances. Interest rate fluctuations will also affect the fair
value of the Company's fixed rate debt instruments. As of December 31, 2000, the
Company had fixed rate indebtedness totaling $275,628,000. If interest rates on
the Company's fixed rate debt instruments at December 30, 2000 had been one
percent higher, the fair value of those debt instruments on that date would have
decreased by approximately $28,651,000.

Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

         The financial statements of the Company and its consolidated
subsidiaries are included in this report on the pages indicated, and are
incorporated herein by reference:

Page
----
F-1      (a)    Report of Independent Public Accountants
F-2      (b)    Consolidated Balance Sheets - December 31, 2000 and 1999
F-3      (c)    Consolidated Statements of Operations - Years ended December 31,
                2000, 1999 and 1998.
F-4      (d)    Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity - Years ended
                December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998.
F-5      (e)    Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - Years ended December 31,
                2000, 1999 and 1998.
F-6      (f)    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

         The selected quarterly financial data included in Note 15 of the Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements referred to above are incorporated herein
by reference.

Item 9.  Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and
Financial Disclosure

         None.

                                       22
<PAGE>

                                   PART III

         Certain information Part III requires will be filed in a definitive
proxy statement with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A (the "Proxy Statement")
not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Report,
and certain information to be included therein is incorporated herein by
reference. Only those sections or pages of the Proxy Statement which
specifically address the items set forth herein are incorporated by reference.

Item 10. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant

         The information this Item requires is incorporated by reference to the
information under the captions "Election of Directors" and "Compensation of
Directors" on pages 3 through 7 of the Company's Proxy Statement to be filed
with the SEC for its annual shareholders' meeting to be held on April 27, 2001.

Item 11. Executive Compensation

         The information this Item requires is incorporated by reference to the
information under the captions "Executive Compensation," "Compensation Committee
Report" and "Performance Graph" on pages 8 through 11 of the Company's Proxy
Statement to be filed with the SEC for its annual shareholders' meeting to be
held on April 27, 2001.

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management

         The information this Item requires is incorporated by reference to the
information under the caption "Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
and Management" on page 12 of the Company's Proxy Statement to be filed with the
SEC for its annual shareholders' meeting to be held on April 27, 2001.

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions

         The information this Item requires is incorporated by reference to the
information under the caption "Certain Relationships and Transactions" on page
13 of the Company's Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC for its annual
shareholders' meeting to be held on April 27, 2001.

                                       23
<PAGE>

                                    PART IV

Item 14. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules, and Reports on Form 8-K

         (a)    The following documents are filed as part of this report:

             1.            Financial Statements
                           --------------------

                           The following financial statements of the Company and
                           their consolidated subsidiaries are incorporated by
                           reference in Part II, Item 8.

                  (a)      Report of Independent Public Accountants

                  (b)      Consolidated Balance Sheets - December 31, 2000 and
                           1999

                  (c)      Consolidated Statements of Operations - Years ended
                           December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998

                  (d)      Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity -
                           Years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998

                  (e)      Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - Years ended
                           December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998

                  (f)      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

             2.            Financial Statement Schedule and Supplementary Data
                           ---------------------------------------------------

                  (a)      Selected Quarterly Financial Data for the Company are
                           incorporated by reference in Part II, Item 8

                  (b)      Report of Independent Public Accountants on the
                           Schedule (included in Report of Independent Public
                           Accountants on the Financial Statements)

                  (c)      Schedule of the Company:

                           Schedule III - Real Estate and Accumulated
                           Depreciation

     All other schedules for which provision is made in the applicable
accounting regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission are not
required under the related instructions or are inapplicable and therefore have
been omitted.

             3.            Exhibits
                           --------

                  (a)      First Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation
                           of Saul Centers, Inc. filed with the Maryland
                           Department of Assessments and Taxation on August 23,
                           1993 and filed as Exhibit 3.(a) of the 1993 Annual
                           Report of the Company on Form 10-K is hereby
                           incorporated by reference.

                  (b)      Amended and Restated Bylaws of Saul Centers, Inc. as
                           in effect at and after August 24, 1993 and as of
                           August 26, 1993 and filed as Exhibit 3(b) of the 1993
                           Annual Report of the Company on Form 10-K is hereby
                           incorporated by reference. The First Amendment to the
                           First Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited
                           Partnership of Saul Subsidiary I Limited Partnership,
                           the Second Amendment to the First Amended and
                           Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Saul
                           Subsidiary I Limited Partnership, the Third Amendment
                           to the First Amended and Restated Agreement of
                           Limited Partnership of Saul Subsidiary I Limited
                           Partnership and the Fourth Amendment to the First
                           Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership
                           of Saul Subsidiary I Limited Partnership

                                       24
<PAGE>

                           as filed as Exhibit 3.(b) of the 1997 Annual Report
                           of the Company on Form 10-K is hereby incorporated by
                           reference.

         10.      (a)      First Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited
                           Partnership of Saul Holdings Limited Partnership
                           filed as Exhibit No. 10.1 to Registration Statement
                           No. 33-64562 is hereby incorporated by reference. The
                           First Amendment to the First Amended and Restated
                           Agreement of Limited Partnership of Saul Holdings
                           Limited Partnership, the Second Amendment to the
                           First Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited
                           Partnership of Saul Holdings Limited Partnership, and
                           the Third Amendment to the First Amended and Restated
                           Agreement of Limited Partnership of Saul Holdings
                           Limited Partnership filed as Exhibit 10.(a) of the
                           1995 Annual Report of the Company on Form 10-K is
                           hereby incorporated by reference. The Fourth
                           Amendment to the First Amended and Restated Agreement
                           of Limited Partnership of Saul Holdings Limited
                           Partnership filed as Exhibit 10.(a) of the March 31,
                           1997 Quarterly Report of the Company is hereby
                           incorporated by reference. The Fifth Amendment to the
                           First Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited
                           Partnership of Saul Holdings Limited Partnership
                           filed as Exhibit 4.(c) to Registration Statement No.
                           333-41436, is hereby incorporated by reference.

                  (b)      First Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited
                           Partnership of Saul Subsidiary I Limited Partnership
                           and Amendment No. 1 thereto filed as Exhibit 10.2 to
                           Registration Statement No. 33-64562 are hereby
                           incorporated by reference. The Second Amendment to
                           the First Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited
                           Partnership of Saul Subsidiary I Limited Partnership,
                           the Third Amendment to the First Amended and Restated
                           Agreement of Limited Partnership of Saul Subsidiary I
                           Limited Partnership and the Fourth Amendment to the
                           First Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited
                           Partnership of Saul Subsidiary I Limited Partnership
                           as filed as Exhibit 10.(b) of the 1997 Annual Report
                           of the Company on Form 10-K is hereby incorporated by
                           reference.

                  (c)      First Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited
                           Partnership of Saul II Subsidiary Partnership and
                           Amendment No. 1 thereto filed as Exhibit 10.3 to
                           Registration Statement No. 33-64562 are hereby
                           incorporated by reference.

                  (d)      Property Conveyance Agreement filed as Exhibit 10.4
                           to Registration Statement No. 33-64562 is hereby
                           incorporated by reference.

                  (e)      Management Functions Conveyance Agreement filed as
                           Exhibit 10.5 to Registration Statement No. 33-64562
                           is hereby incorporated by reference.

                  (f)      Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement filed as
                           Exhibit 10.6 to Registration Statement No. 33-64562
                           is hereby incorporated by reference.

                  (g)      Exclusivity and Right of First Refusal Agreement
                           filed as Exhibit 10.7 to Registration Statement No.
                           33-64562 is hereby incorporated by reference.

                  (h)      Saul Centers, Inc. 1993 Stock Option Plan filed as
                           Exhibit 10.8 to Registration Statement No. 33-64562
                           is hereby incorporated by reference.

                  (i)      Agreement of Assumption dated as of August 26, 1993
                           executed by Saul Holdings Limited Partnership and
                           filed as Exhibit 10. (I) of the 1993 Annual Report of
                           the Company on Form 10-K is hereby incorporated by
                           reference.

                                       25
<PAGE>

                  (j)      Saul Centers, Inc. Dividend Reinvestment and Stock
                           Purchase Plan as filed with the Securities and
                           Exchange Commission as File No. 333-54232 is hereby
                           incorporated by reference.

                  (k)      Deferred Compensation Plan for Directors dated as of
                           December 13, 1993 as filed as Exhibit 10.(r) of the
                           1995 Annual Report of the Company on Form 10-K, as
                           amended and restated by the Deferred Compensation and
                           Stock Plan for Directors, dated as of March 18, 1999,
                           filed as Exhibit 10.(k) of the March 31, 1999
                           Quarterly Report of the Company, is hereby
                           incorporated by reference.

                  (l)      Deed of Trust, Assignment of Rents, and Security
                           Agreement dated as of June 9, 1994 by and between
                           Saul Holdings Limited Partnership and Ameribanc
                           Savings Bank, FSB as filed as Exhibit 10.(t) of the
                           1995 Annual Report of the Company on Form 10-K is
                           hereby incorporated by reference.

                  (m)      Deed of Trust Note dated as of January 22, 1996 by
                           and between Saul Holdings Limited Partnership and
                           Clarendon Station Limited Partnership, filed as
                           Exhibit 10.(s) of the March 31, 1997 Quarterly Report
                           of the Company, is hereby incorporated by reference.

                  (n)      Loan Agreement dated as of November 7, 1996 by and
                           among Saul Holdings Limited Partnership, Saul
                           Subsidiary II Limited Partnership and PFL Life
                           Insurance Company, c/o AEGON USA Realty Advisors,
                           Inc., filed as Exhibit 10.(t) of the March 31, 1997
                           Quarterly Report of the Company, is hereby
                           incorporated by reference.

                  (o)      Promissory Note dated as of January 10, 1997 by and
                           between Saul Subsidiary II Limited Partnership and
                           The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company, filed
                           as Exhibit 10.(z) of the March 31, 1997 Quarterly
                           Report of the Company, is hereby incorporated by
                           reference.

                  (p)      Loan Agreement dated as of October 1, 1997 between
                           Saul Subsidiary I Limited Partnership, as Borrower
                           and Nomura Asset Capital Corporation, as Lender, is
                           as filed as Exhibit 10.(p) of the 1997 Annual Report
                           of the Company on Form 10-K is hereby incorporated by
                           reference.

                  (q)      Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of October 1,
                           1997 by and between Saul Holdings Limited Partnership
                           and Saul Subsidiary II Limited Partnership, as
                           Borrower and U.S. Bank National Association, as
                           agent, is as filed as Exhibit 10.(q) of the 1997
                           Annual Report of the Company on Form 10-K, as amended
                           by the First Amendment to Revolving Credit Agreement
                           dated as of July 18, 2000, as filed as Exhibit 10.(q)
                           of the September 30, 2000 Quarterly Report of the
                           Company, is hereby incorporated by reference.

                  (r)      Promissory Note, dated as of November 30, 1999 by and
                           between Saul Holdings Limited Partnership as Borrower
                           and Wells Fargo Bank National Association as Lender,
                           filed as Exhibit 10.(r) of the 1999 Annual Report of
                           the Company on Form 10-K is hereby incorporated by
                           reference.

         23.               Consent of Independent Public Accountants is filed
                           herewith.


              Reports on Form 8-K.
              --------------------

                  None.

                                       26
<PAGE>

                                  SIGNATURES

     Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                              SAUL CENTERS, INC.
                                 (Registrant)

Date: March 22, 2001                          /s/ B. Francis Saul II
            --                               -----------------------------------
                                             B. Francis Saul II Chairman of the
                                             Board of Directors & Chief
                                             Executive Officer
                                             (Principal Executive Officer)

Date: March 22, 2001                          /s/ B. Francis Saul III
            --                               -----------------------------------
                                             B. Francis Saul III, Vice Chairman
                                             and Director

Date: March 22, 2001                          /s/ Philip D. Caraci
            --                               -----------------------------------
                                             Philip D. Caraci, President and
                                             Director

Date: March 22, 2001                          /s/ Scott V. Schneider
            --                               -----------------------------------
                                             Scott V. Schneider, Senior Vice
                                             President, Treasurer and Secretary
                                             (Principal Financial and Accounting
                                             Officer)

Date: March 22, 2001                          /s/ Gilbert M. Grosvenor
            --                               -----------------------------------
                                             Gilbert M. Grosvenor, Director

Date: March 22, 2001                          /s/ Philip C. Jackson Jr.
            --                               -----------------------------------
                                             Philip C. Jackson Jr., Director

Date: March 22, 2001                          /s/ General Paul X. Kelley
            --                               -----------------------------------
                                             General Paul X. Kelley, Director

Date: March 22, 2001                          /s/ Charles R. Longsworth
            --                               -----------------------------------
                                             Charles R. Longsworth, Director

Date: March 22, 2001                          /s/ Patrick F. Noonan
            --                               -----------------------------------
                                             Patrick F. Noonan, Director

Date: March 22, 2001                          /s/ Mr. Mark Sullivan III
            --                               -----------------------------------
                                             Mark Sullivan III, Director

Date: March 22, 2001                          /s/ James W. Symington
            --                               -----------------------------------
                                             James W. Symington, Director

Date: March 22, 2001                          /s/ John R. Whitmore
            --                               -----------------------------------
                                             John R. Whitmore, Director

                                       27
<PAGE>

                    REPORT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS

To the Board of Directors of Saul Centers, Inc.:

     We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Saul
Centers, Inc. (a Maryland corporation) and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2000
and 1999, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders'
equity (deficit) and cash flows for the three years ended December 31, 2000,
1999 and 1998. These financial statements and the schedule referred to below are
the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express
an opinion on these financial statements and schedule based on our audits.

     We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally
accepted in the United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis,
evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An
audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis
for our opinion.

     In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly,
in all material respects, the financial position of Saul Centers, Inc. and
subsidiaries as of December 31, 2000 and 1999, and the results of their
operations and their cash flows for each of the three years ended December 31,
2000, 1999 and 1998 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States.

     As explained in Note 2 to the financial statements, effective June 30,
1998, the Company changed its method of accounting for percentage rent.

     Our audits were made for the purpose of forming an opinion on the basic
financial statements taken as a whole. Schedule III "Real Estate and Accumulated
Depreciation" on pages F-18 and F-19 is presented for the purpose of complying
with the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and is not a required part
of the basic financial statements. The schedule has been subjected to the
auditing procedures applied in our audits of the basic financial statements and,
in our opinion, is fairly stated in all material respects in relation to the
basic financial statements taken as a whole.

Arthur Andersen LLP

Vienna, Virginia
February 2, 2001

                                      F-1
<PAGE>

Saul Centers, Inc.
                          CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                          December 31,

(Dollars in thousands)                                                               2000             1999
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                                  <C>              <C>
Assets
    Real estate investments
      Land                                                                            $  66,252        $  64,233
      Buildings and equipment                                                           325,609          304,149
                                                                                      ---------        ---------
                                                                                        391,861          368,382
      Accumulated depreciation                                                         (124,180)        (112,272)
                                                                                      ---------        ---------
                                                                                        267,681          256,110
    Construction in progress                                                             41,148           21,201
    Cash and cash equivalents                                                             1,772              957
    Accounts receivable and accrued income, net                                           9,540            8,723
    Prepaid expenses                                                                      8,956            7,959
    Deferred debt costs, net                                                              3,583            3,197
    Other assets                                                                          1,770            1,518
                                                                                      ---------        ---------
              Total assets                                                            $ 334,450        $ 299,665
                                                                                      =========        =========

Liabilities
    Notes payable                                                                     $ 343,453        $ 310,268
    Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities                             19,592           18,391
    Deferred income                                                                       2,560            2,865
                                                                                      ---------        ---------
              Total liabilities                                                         365,605          331,524
                                                                                      ---------        ---------

Minority interests                                                                           --               --
                                                                                      ---------        ---------
Stockholders' equity (deficit)
    Common stock, $0.01 par value, 30,000,000 shares
      authorized, 13,869,535 and 13,334,145 shares issued and
      outstanding, respectively                                                             139              133
    Additional paid-in capital                                                           52,594           44,616
    Accumulated deficit                                                                 (83,888)         (76,608)
                                                                                      ---------        ---------
              Total stockholders' equity (deficit)                                      (31,155)         (31,859)
                                                                                      ---------        ---------

              Total liabilities and stockholders' equity (deficit)                    $ 334,450        $ 299,665
                                                                                      =========        =========
</TABLE>




       The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.

                                     -F-2-
<PAGE>

Saul Centers, Inc.
                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                   For the Year Ended December 31,
(Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts)                               2000             1999             1998
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                          <C>              <C>              <C>
Revenue
    Base rent                                                                $  63,837        $  59,200        $  55,542
    Expense recoveries                                                          11,129           10,176            9,911
    Percentage rent                                                              2,097            2,222            2,755
    Other                                                                        1,966            2,193            2,375
                                                                             ---------        ---------        ---------
              Total revenue                                                     79,029           73,791           70,583
                                                                             ---------        ---------        ---------

Operating expenses
    Property operating expenses                                                  8,271            7,720            7,830
    Provision for credit losses                                                    467              295              418
    Real estate taxes                                                            6,451            6,207            6,128
    Interest expense                                                            23,843           22,568           22,627
    Amortization of deferred debt expense                                          458              416              419
    Depreciation and amortization                                               13,534           12,163           12,578
    General and administrative                                                   3,891            3,755            3,393
                                                                             ---------        ---------        ---------
              Total operating expenses                                          56,915           53,124           53,393
                                                                             ---------        ---------        ---------

Operating income                                                                22,114           20,667           17,190
Non-operating item
  Gain on sale of property                                                          --              553               --
                                                                             ---------        ---------        ---------

Net income before extraordinary item, cumulative effect
       of change in accounting method and minority interests                    22,114           21,220           17,190

Extraordinary item
    Early extinguishment of debt                                                    --               --              (50)
Cumulative effect of change in accounting method                                    --               --             (771)
                                                                             ---------        ---------        ---------
Net income before minority interests                                            22,114           21,220           16,369
                                                                             ---------        ---------        ---------

Minority interests
    Minority share of income                                                    (6,081)          (5,899)          (4,354)
    Distributions in excess of earnings                                         (1,988)          (2,024)          (2,886)
                                                                             ---------        ---------        ---------
              Total minority interests                                          (8,069)          (7,923)          (7,240)
                                                                             ---------        ---------        ---------

Net income                                                                   $  14,045        $  13,297        $   9,129
                                                                             =========        =========        =========
Per share (basic and dilutive)
    Net income before extraordinary item, cumulative
        effect of change in accounting method and
        minority interests                                                   $    1.18         $   1.17        $    1.00
    Extraordinary item                                                              --               --               --
    Cumulative effect of change in accounting method                                --               --            (0.05)
                                                                             ---------        ---------        ---------

    Net income before minority interests                                     $    1.18         $   1.17        $    0.95
                                                                             =========        =========        =========

    Net income                                                               $    1.03         $   1.01        $    0.72
                                                                             =========        =========        =========
</TABLE>


       The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.

                                     -F-3-
<PAGE>

Saul Centers, Inc.
           CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                             Additional
                                                           Common             Paid-in        Accumulated
(Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts)           Stock              Capital          Deficit           Total
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                        <C>               <C>             <C>               <C>
Stockholders' equity (deficit):
    Balance, December 31, 1997                             $     124         $  20,447        $ (58,625)       $ (38,054)

      Issuance of 408,233 shares of
        common stock                                               5             6,629               --            6,634
      Issuance of 405,532 convertible
        limited partnership units in the
        Operating Partnership                                     --             4,891               --            4,891
      Net income                                                  --                --            9,129            9,129
      Distributions ($1.17 per share)                             --                --          (14,899)         (14,899)
      Distributions payable ($.39 per share)                      --                --           (4,985)          (4,985)
                                                           ---------         ---------        ---------        ---------

    Balance, December 31, 1998                                   129            31,967          (69,380)         (37,284)

      Issuance of 497,767 shares of
        common stock                                               4             7,158               --            7,162
      Issuance of 373,546 convertible
        limited partnership units in the
        Operating Partnership                                     --             5,491               --            5,491
      Net income                                                  --                --           13,297           13,297
      Distributions ($1.17 per share)                             --                --          (15,323)         (15,323)
      Distributions payable ($.39 per share)                      --                --           (5,202)          (5,202)
                                                           ---------         ---------        ---------        ---------

    Balance, December 31, 1999                                   133            44,616          (76,608)         (31,859)

      Issuance of 535,390 shares of
        common stock                                               6             7,978               --            7,984
      Net income                                                  --                --           14,045           14,045
      Distributions ($1.17 per share)                             --                --          (15,915)         (15,915)
      Distributions payable ($.39 per share)                      --                --           (5,410)          (5,410)
                                                           ---------         ---------        ---------        ---------

    Balance, December 31, 2000                             $     139         $  52,594        $ (83,888)       $ (31,155)
                                                           =========         =========        =========        =========
</TABLE>

       The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.

                                     -F-4-
<PAGE>

Saul Centers, Inc.
                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                  For the Year Ended December 31,

(Dollars in thousands)                                                         2000             1999             1998
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                            <C>            <C>                <C>
Cash flows from operating activities:

  Net income                                                                    $  14,045      $    13,297         $  9,129
  Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash
      provided by operating activities:
        Minority interests                                                          8,069            7,923            7,240
        Gain on sale of property                                                       --             (553)              --
        Cumulative effect of change in
              accounting method                                                        --               --              771
        Loss on early extinguishment of debt                                           --               --               50
        Depreciation and amortization                                              13,992           12,579           12,997
        Provision for credit losses                                                   467              295              418
        Increase in accounts receivable                                            (1,284)          (2,671)          (1,346)
        Increase in prepaid expenses                                               (2,623)          (2,434)          (2,742)
        Decrease (increase) in other assets                                          (252)            (360)               3
        Increase in accounts payable, accrued expenses
             and other liabilities                                                  1,201            3,535            1,763
        Increase (decrease) in deferred income                                       (305)              26            1,409
        Other, net                                                                     --                8               (6)
                                                                                ---------      -----------         --------
              Net cash provided by operating activities                            33,310           31,645           29,686
                                                                                ---------      -----------         --------

Cash flows from investing activities:

    Net proceeds from sale of property                                                 --            1,718               --
    Additions to real estate investments                                          (18,233)         (11,587)          (6,607)
    Additions to construction in progress                                         (25,193)         (27,051)          (8,169)
                                                                                ---------      -----------         --------
              Net cash used in investing activities                               (43,426)         (36,920)         (14,776)
                                                                                ---------      -----------         --------

Cash flows from financing activities:

    Proceeds from notes payable                                                    69,700           33,979           20,900
    Repayments on notes payable                                                   (36,515)         (14,334)         (18,407)
    Additions to deferred debt expense                                               (844)             (13)            (220)
    Proceeds from the issuance of common stock and
      convertible limited partnership units in
      the Operating Partnership                                                     7,984           12,653           11,648
    Distributions to common stockholders and holders
      of convertible limited partnership units in
      the Operating Partnership                                                   (29,394)         (28,448)         (27,124)
                                                                                ---------      -----------         --------
              Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities                  10,931            3,837          (13,203)
                                                                                ---------      -----------         --------

Net increase (decrease) in cash                                                       815           (1,438)           1,707
Cash, beginning of year                                                               957            2,395              688
                                                                                ---------      -----------         --------
Cash, end of year                                                                $  1,772      $       957         $  2,395
                                                                                =========      ===========         ========
</TABLE>

       The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.

                                     -F-5-
<PAGE>

                              SAUL CENTERS, INC.
                  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


1.   ORGANIZATION, FORMATION, AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION

Organization

     Saul Centers, Inc. ("Saul Centers") was incorporated under the Maryland
General Corporation Law on June 10, 1993. The authorized capital stock of Saul
Centers consists of 30,000,000 shares of common stock, having a par value of
$0.01 per share, and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock. Each holder of common
stock is entitled to one vote for each share held. Saul Centers, together with
its wholly owned subsidiaries and the limited partnerships of which Saul Centers
or one of its subsidiaries is the sole general partner, are referred to
collectively as the "Company". Saul Centers operates as a real estate investment
trust under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (a "REIT").

Formation and Structure of Company

     Saul Centers was formed to continue and expand the shopping center business
previously owned and conducted by the B.F. Saul Real Estate Investment Trust,
the B.F. Saul Company, Chevy Chase Bank, F.S.B. and certain other affiliated
entities (collectively, "The Saul Organization"). On August 26, 1993, The Saul
Organization transferred to Saul Holdings Limited Partnership, a newly formed
Maryland limited partnership (the "Operating Partnership"), and two newly formed
subsidiary limited partnerships (the "Subsidiary Partnerships") shopping center
and office properties, and the management functions related to the transferred
properties. Since its formation, the Company has purchased and developed
additional properties. The Company is currently developing Washington Square at
Old Town, a 235,000 square foot Class A mixed-use office/retail complex, on the
2-acre site of the former North Washington shopping center property, and Ashburn
Village III & IV, an in-line retail and retail pad expansion to the Company's
Ashburn Village I & II shopping center. The Company is also redeveloping an
under-performing shopping center to an office/business park. As of December 31,
2000, the Company's properties (the "Current Portfolio Properties") consisted of
27 operating shopping center properties and Ashburn Village III & IV (the
"Shopping Centers"), 4 predominantly office operating properties and Washington
Square at Old Town (the "Office Properties"). To facilitate the placement of
collateralized mortgage debt, the Company established Saul QRS, Inc. and SC
Finance Corporation, each of which is a wholly owned subsidiary of Saul Centers.
Saul QRS, Inc. was established to succeed to the interest of Saul Centers as the
sole general partner of Saul Subsidiary I Limited Partnership.

     As a consequence of the transactions constituting the formation of the
Company, Saul Centers serves as the sole general partner of the Operating
Partnership and of Saul Subsidiary II Limited Partnership, while Saul QRS, Inc.
serves as the sole general partner of Saul Subsidiary I Limited Partnership. The
remaining limited partnership interests in Saul Subsidiary I Limited Partnership
and Saul Subsidiary II Limited Partnership are held by the Operating Partnership
as the sole limited partner. Through this structure, the Company owns 100% of
the Current Portfolio Properties.

Basis of Presentation

     The accompanying financial statements of the Company have been presented on
the historical cost basis of The Saul Organization because of affiliated
ownership and common management and because the assets and liabilities were the
subject of a business combination with the Operating Partnership, the Subsidiary
Partnerships and Saul Centers, all newly formed entities with no prior
operations.

2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Nature of Operations

     The Company, which conducts all of its activities through its subsidiaries,
the Operating Partnership and Subsidiary Partnerships, engages in the ownership,
operation, management, leasing, acquisition, renovation, expansion, development
and financing of community and neighborhood shopping centers and office
properties, primarily in the Mid-Atlantic region. A majority of the Shopping
Centers are anchored by several major tenants.

                                      F-6
<PAGE>

                              SAUL CENTERS, INC.
                  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Seventeen of the Shopping Centers are anchored by a grocery store and offer
primarily day-to-day necessities and services. As of December 31, 2000, no
single Shopping Center accounted for more than 11.5% of the total Shopping
Center gross leasable area. Only one retail tenant, Giant Food, at 6.5%,
accounted for more than 2.2% of the Company's 2000 total revenues. No office
tenant other than the United States Government, at 12.3%, accounted for more
than 1.3% of 2000 total revenues.

Principles of Consolidation

     The accompanying consolidated financial statements of the Company include
the accounts of Saul Centers, its subsidiaries, and the Operating Partnership
and Subsidiary Partnerships which are majority owned by Saul Centers. All
significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in
consolidation.

Use of Estimates

  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted
accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of
contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and
the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.
Actual results could differ from those estimates.

Real Estate Investment Properties

     Real estate investment properties are stated at the lower of depreciated
cost or fair value less cost to sell. Management believes that these assets have
generally appreciated in value and, accordingly, the aggregate current value
exceeds their aggregate net book value and also exceeds the value of the
Company's liabilities as reported in these financial statements. These financial
statements are prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting
principles, and accordingly, do not report the current value of the Company's
real estate assets.

     Interest, real estate taxes and other carrying costs are capitalized on
projects under construction. Once construction is substantially complete and the
assets are placed in service, rental income, direct operating expenses, and
depreciation associated with such properties are included in current operations.
Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are charged to operations as incurred.
Repairs and maintenance expense totaled $3,144,000, $2,815,000 and $2,616,000,
for calendar years 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively, and is included in
operating expenses in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
Interest expense capitalized totaled $2,681,000, $934,000 and $257,000, for
calendar years 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively.

     In the initial rental operations of development projects, a project is
considered substantially complete and available for occupancy upon completion of
tenant improvements, but no later than one year from the cessation of major
construction activity. Substantially completed portions of a project are
accounted for as separate projects. Depreciation is calculated using the
straight-line method and estimated useful lives of 33 to 50 years for buildings
and up to 20 years for certain other improvements. Leasehold improvements are
amortized over the lives of the related leases using the straight-line method.

Accounts Receivable and Accrued Income

     Accounts receivable primarily represent amounts currently due from tenants
in accordance with the terms of the respective leases. In addition, accounts
receivable included $3,053,000, $1,803,000 and $1,443,000, at December 31, 2000,
1999 and 1998, respectively, representing minimum rental income accrued on a
straight-line basis to be paid by tenants over the term of the respective
leases. Receivables are reviewed monthly and reserves are established with a
charge to current period operations when, in the opinion of management,
collection of the receivable is doubtful. Accounts receivable in the
accompanying consolidated financial statements are shown net of an allowance for
doubtful accounts of $563,000, $594,000 and $657,000, at December 31, 2000, 1999
and 1998, respectively.

                                      F-7
<PAGE>

                              SAUL CENTERS, INC.
                  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


     Allowance for Doubtful Accounts
     -------------------------------
              (In thousands)

                                              For the Years Ended December 31,
                                                2000        1999        1998
                                               -----       -----       -----
      Beginning Balance....................    $ 594       $ 657       $ 506
      Provision for Credit Losses..........      467         295         418
      Charge-offs..........................     -498        -358        -267
                                               -----       -----       -----
      Ending Balance ......................    $ 563       $ 594       $ 657
                                               =====       =====       =====

Deferred Debt Costs

     Deferred debt costs consists of fees and costs incurred to obtain long-term
financing, construction financing and the revolving line of credit. These fees
and costs are being amortized over the terms of the respective loans or
agreements. Deferred debt costs in the accompanying consolidated financial
statements are shown net of accumulated amortization of $1,402,000, $1,005,000
and $589,000, at December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively.

Revenue Recognition

     Rental and interest income is accrued as earned except when doubt exists as
to collectibility, in which case the accrual is discontinued. When rental
payments due under leases vary from a straight-line basis because of free rent
periods or stepped increases, income is recognized on a straight-line basis in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Expense recoveries
represent a portion of property operating expenses billed to the tenants,
including common area maintenance, real estate taxes and other recoverable
costs. Expense recoveries are recognized in the period when the expenses are
incurred. Rental income based on a tenant's revenues ("percentage rent") is
accrued when a tenant reports sales that exceed a specified breakpoint.

Income Taxes

     The Company made an election to be treated, and intends to continue
operating so as to qualify as a REIT under sections 856 through 860 of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, commencing with its taxable year
ending December 31, 1993. A REIT generally will not be subject to federal income
taxation on that portion of its income that qualifies as REIT taxable income to
the extent that it distributes at least 95% (90% for tax years beginning on or
after January 1, 2001) of its REIT taxable income to stockholders and complies
with certain other requirements. Therefore, no provision has been made for
federal income taxes in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. As
of December 31, 2000 and 1999, the total tax basis of the Company's assets was
$362,586,000 and $323,080,000, and the tax basis of the liabilities was
$353,908,000 and $317,474,000, respectively.

Deferred Compensation and Stock Plan for Directors

     Saul Centers has established a Deferred Compensation and Stock Plan for
Directors (the "Plan") for the benefit of its directors and their beneficiaries.
A director may elect to defer all or part of his or her director's fees and has
the option to have the fees paid in cash, in shares of common stock or in a
combination of cash and shares of common stock upon termination from the Board.
If the director elects to have fees paid in stock, the number of shares
allocated to the director is determined by the market price of the common stock
on the day the fee is earned. As of December 31, 2000, 120,000 shares were
authorized and registered for use under the Plan, and 92,000 shares had been
credited to the directors' deferred fee accounts.

     Beginning in 1999, pursuant to the Plan, 100 shares of the Company's common
stock are awarded annually as additional compensation to each director serving
on the Board of Directors as of the record date for the Annual Meeting of
Stockholders. The shares are issued on the date of the Annual Meeting, their
issuance may not be deferred and transfer of the shares is restricted for a
period of twelve months following the date of issue.

                                      F-8
<PAGE>

                              SAUL CENTERS, INC.
                  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Change In Accounting Method

     On May 21, 1998, the Emerging Issues Task Force ("EITF") discussed Issue
98-9 "Accounting for Contingent Rent In Interim Financial Periods" and reached a
consensus that lessors should defer the accounting recognition of contingent
rent, such as percentage rent, until the specific tenant sales breakpoint is
achieved. The Company's prior accounting method, which was permitted under
generally accepted accounting principles, recognized percentage rent when a
tenant's achievement of its sales breakpoint was considered probable. This EITF
consensus was implemented retroactively to January 1, 1998, as a change in
accounting method. The new accounting method did not affect the amount of
percentage rent income reported on an annual basis, but did impact the
recognition of percentage rent income reported on an interim basis by increasing
revenues the Company reported in the first and fourth quarters and decreasing
revenues reported in the second and third quarters. The change in accounting
method has no impact on the Company's cash flows. As a result of adoption of
EITF Issue 98-9, the Company recorded a $771,000 charge for the cumulative
effect of change in accounting method, which is included in the consolidated
statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 1998.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

     In June 1998, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards ("SFAS") No. 133, Accounting for
Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities." In June 2000, the FASB issued
SFAS No. 138, which amends certain provisions of SFAS 133 to clarify areas
causing difficulties in implementation. The Company has adopted SFAS 133/138,
the adoption of which has no impact on the Company's results of operation,
financial position or cash flows.

Construction in Progress

     Construction in progress includes the costs of active development projects
and other predevelopment project costs. Development costs include direct
construction costs and indirect costs such as architectural, engineering,
construction management and carrying costs consisting of interest, real estate
taxes and insurance. Construction in progress balances as of December 31, 2000
and 1999 are as follows:

     Construction in Progress
     ------------------------
          (In thousands)
                                                      December 31,
                                                  2000           1999
                                                  ----           ----
      Washington Square....................    $38,588        $18,009
      Ashburn Village III & IV.............      2,105             --
      Crosstown Business Center............        455            357
      Ashburn Village II...................         --          2,326
      French Market........................         --            509
                                               -------        -------
      Balance .............................    $41,148        $21,201
                                               =======        =======

Cash and Cash Equivalents

     Cash and cash equivalents includes cash and short-term investments with
maturities of three months or less.

Per Share Data

     Per share data is calculated in accordance with SFAS No. 128, "Earnings Per
Share". The Company has no dilutive securities, therefore, basic and diluted
earnings per share are identical. Net income before minority interests is
presented on a fully converted basis, that is, assuming the limited partners
exercise their right to convert their partnership ownership into shares of Saul
Centers and is computed using weighted average shares of 18,795,571, 18,147,954
and 17,233,047, shares for the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998,
respectively. Per share data relating to net income after minority interests is
computed on the basis of 13,623,330, 13,100,295 and 12,643,639, weighted average
common shares for the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998,
respectively.

                                      F-9
<PAGE>

                              SAUL CENTERS, INC.
                  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

3.   MINORITY INTERESTS - HOLDERS OF CONVERTIBLE LIMITED PARTNERSHIP UNITS IN
THE OPERATING PARTNERSHIP

     The Saul Organization has a 27.2% limited partnership interest, represented
by 5,172,241 convertible limited partnership units, in the Operating
Partnership, as of December 31, 2000. These convertible limited partnership
units are convertible into shares of Saul Centers' common stock on a one-for-one
basis, provided the rights may not be exercised at any time that The Saul
Organization owns, directly or indirectly, in the aggregate more than 29.9% of
the outstanding equity securities of Saul Centers. The impact of the Saul
Organization's 27.2% limited partnership interest in the Operating Partnership
is reflected as minority interests in the accompanying consolidated financial
statements.

4.   NOTES PAYABLE

December 31, 2000

     During 2000 the Company obtained a $14,300,000 mortgage loan secured by the
recently renovated Shops At Fairfax and Boulevard shopping centers. The loan
requires monthly payments of principal and interest based upon a 22 year
amortization period and a fixed 8.33% interest rate. The Company also extended
its unsecured revolving credit facility for a new three-year term and increased
the amount available to borrow by $10,000,000 to $70,000,000. Borrowings on the
line of credit totaled $34,500,000 at December 31, 2000, leaving $35,500,000
available for future use. Notes payable totaled $343,453,000 at December 31,
2000, as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
     Notes Payable
     -------------                                  Principal        Interest         Scheduled
     (In thousands)                               Outstanding          Rate *         Maturity *
                                                -------------------------------------------------
     <S>                                        <C>                  <C>              <C>
        Fixed Rate Mortgages:                     $140,597  (a)       7.67 %           Oct 2012
                                                    74,342  (b)       8.52 %           Dec 2011
                                                    36,279  (c)       7.88 %           Jan 2013
                                                    14,184  (d)       8.33 %           May 2015
                                                    10,227  (e)       6.88 %           May 2004
                                                -----------------------------------------------
                       Total Fixed Rate            275,629            7.93 %         11.4 Years
                                                -----------------------------------------------
        Variable Rate Loans:
           Construction Loan                        33,324  (f)       8.47 %           Jan 2002
           Line of Credit                           34,500  (g)       8.62 %           Jul 2003
                                                -----------------------------------------------
                       Total Variable Rate          67,824            8.54 %          1.8 Years
                                                -----------------------------------------------
                       Total Notes Payable        $343,453            8.05 %          9.5 Years
                                                ===============================================
                                   * Weighted averages computed for interest rate and scheduled maturity totals.
</TABLE>

(a)  The loan is collateralized by nine shopping centers and requires monthly
     principal and interest payments based upon a 25 year amortization schedule.
     Principal of $2,175,000 was amortized during 2000.

(b)  The loan is collateralized by Avenel Business Park, Van Ness Square,
     Ashburn Village I and II, Leesburg Pike, Lumberton Plaza and Village
     Center. The loan was amended during 1998 to include new borrowings of
     $6,400,000 at a rate of 7.09%. The 8.52% blended interest rate is the
     weighted average of the initial loan rate and the additional borrowings
     rate. Monthly principal and interest payments are based upon a weighted
     average 18.2 year amortization schedule. Principal of $2,572,000 was
     amortized during 2000.

(c)  The loan is collateralized by 601 Pennsylvania Avenue and requires monthly
     principal and interest payments based upon a 25 year amortization schedule.
     Principal of $595,000 was amortized during 2000.

(d)  The loan is collateralized by Shops at Fairfax and Boulevard shopping
     centers and requires monthly principal and interest payments based upon a
     22 year amortization. Principal of $116,000 was amortized during 2000.

(e)  The loan is collateralized by The Glen shopping center and requires monthly
     principal and interest payments based upon a 23 year amortization schedule.
     Principal of $203,000 was amortized during 2000.

                                      F-10
<PAGE>

                              SAUL CENTERS, INC.
                  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


(e)  The loan is a construction loan totaling $42,000,000. Interest expense is
     calculated based upon the 1,2,3 or 6 month LIBOR rate plus a spread of
     1.45% to 1.9% (determined by certain leasing and/or construction
     benchmarks) or upon the bank's prime rate at the Company's option. The loan
     may be extended for 2 one-year terms with payment of a fee of 1/4% at the
     Company's option. The interest rate in effect on December 31, 2000 was
     based on a weighted average LIBOR of 6.72% and spread of 1.9%.

(g)  The loan is a revolving credit facility totaling $70,000,000. Interest
     expense is calculated based upon the 1,2,3 or 6 month LIBOR rate plus a
     spread of 1.625% to 1.875% (determined by certain debt service coverage and
     leverage tests) or upon the bank's reference rate at the Company's option.
     The line may be extended one year with payment of a fee of 1/4% at the
     Company's option. The interest rate in effect on December 31, 2000 was
     based on a weighted average LIBOR of 6.72% and spread of 1.75%.

     Notes payable balances outstanding at December 31, 2000 have a weighted
average remaining term of 9.5 years, and a weighted average interest rate of
8.05%. Of the $343,453,000 total debt at December 31, 2000, $275,629,000 was
fixed rate (80.3% of the total notes payable) and $67,824,000 was variable rate
(19.7% of the total notes payable). The December 31, 2000 depreciation adjusted
cost of properties collateralizing the mortgage notes payable totaled
$218,415,000. Certain loans are subject to financial covenant tests. The Company
believes it is in compliance with all such covenants.

     Notes payable of $275,628,000 at December 31, 2000 require monthly
installments of principal and interest, with principal amortization on schedules
averaging approximately 22 years. The remaining notes payable totaling
$67,824,000 at December 31, 2000 require monthly installments of interest only.
Notes payable at December 31, 2000 totaling $225,616,000 are guaranteed by
members of The Saul Organization.

     As of December 31, 2000, the scheduled maturities of all debt for years
ended December 31, are as follows:

     Debt Maturity Schedule
     ----------------------
          (In thousands)

       2001...............       $  6,083
       2002...............         39,346
       2003...............         41,025
       2004...............         16,317
       2005...............          7,375
       Thereafter.........        233,307
                                 --------
                                 $343,453
                                 ========
December 31, 1999

     During 1999 the Company obtained a $42,000,000 loan to fund the
construction of the Washington Square at Old Town project in Alexandria,
Virginia. Borrowings totaled $31,000,000 on the Company's $60,000,000 unsecured
revolving credit facility at December 31, 1999, leaving $29,000,000 available
for future use. Notes payable totaled $310,268,000 at December 31, 1999.

     Notes payable balances outstanding at December 31, 1999 had a weighted
average remaining term of 10.7 years, and a weighted average interest rate of
7.96%. Of the $310,268,000 total debt at December 31, 1999, $266,990,000 was
fixed rate (86.1% of the total notes payable) and $43,278,000 was variable rate
(13.9% of the total notes payable). The December 31, 1999 depreciation adjusted
cost of properties collateralizing the mortgage notes payable totaled
$193,696,000. Certain loans were subject to covenant tests. The Company believes
it was in compliance with all such covenant tests.

     Notes payable of $266,990,000 at December 31, 1999 required monthly
installments of principal and interest, with principal amortization on schedules
averaging approximately 20 years. The remaining notes payable

                                      F-11
<PAGE>

                              SAUL CENTERS, INC.
                  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


totaling $43,278,000 at December 31, 1999 required monthly installments of
interest only. Notes payable at December 31, 1999 totaling $221,075,000 were
guaranteed by members of The Saul Organization.

5.   LEASE AGREEMENTS

Lease income includes primarily base rent arising from noncancelable commercial
leases. Base rent for the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998, amounted
to $63,837,000, $59,200,000 and $55,542,000, respectively. Future base rent
under noncancelable leases for years ended December 31, is as follows:


     Future Base Rental Income
     -------------------------
          (In thousands)

          2001...........         $ 64,266
          2002...........           57,048
          2003...........           50,619
          2004...........           45,102
          2005...........           38,907
          Thereafter.....          254,705
                                  --------
                                  $510,647
                                  ========


     The majority of the leases also provide for rental increases and expense
recoveries based on increases in the Consumer Price Index or increases in
operating expenses, or both. These increases generally are payable in equal
installments throughout the year based on estimates, with adjustments made in
the succeeding year. Expense recoveries for the years ended December 31, 2000,
1999 and 1998 amounted to $11,129,000, $10,176,000 and $9,911,000, respectively.
In addition, certain retail leases provide for percentage rent based on sales in
excess of the minimum specified in the tenant's lease. Percentage rent amounted
to $2,097,000, $2,222,000 and $2,755,000, for the years ended December 31, 2000,
1999 and 1998, respectively.

6.   LONG-TERM LEASE OBLIGATIONS


     Certain properties are subject to noncancelable long-term leases which
apply to land underlying the Shopping Centers. Certain of the leases provide for
periodic adjustments of the base annual rent and require the payment of real
estate taxes on the underlying land. The leases will expire between 2058 and
2068. Reflected in the accompanying consolidated financial statements is minimum
ground rent expense of $157,000, $154,000 and $152,000, for each of the years
ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively. The minimum future rental
commitments under these ground leases are as follows:


     Ground Lease Rental Commitments
     -------------------------------
          (In thousands)

                                                       Total
                              2001    2002-2005      Thereafter
                             ------------------      ----------
     Beacon Center           $  51       $   53      $ 3,342
     Olney                      50           50        4,524
     Southdale                  60           60        3,725
                             -----       ------      -------
     Total                   $ 161       $  163      $11,591
                             =====       ======      =======

     The Company's Flagship Center consists of two developed outparcels that are
part of a larger adjacent community shopping center formerly owned by The Saul
Organization and sold to an affiliate of a tenant in 1991. The Company has a 90-
year ground leasehold interest which commenced in September 1991 with a minimum
rent of one dollar per year.

                                      F-12
<PAGE>

                              SAUL CENTERS, INC.
                  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

7.   SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY AND MINORITY INTERESTS

     The consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31,
2000 includes a charge for minority interests of $8,069,000, consisting of
$6,081,000 related to The Saul Organization's share of the net income for the
year and $1,988,000 related to distributions to minority interests in excess of
allocated net income for the year. The charge for the year ended December 31,
1999 of $7,923,000 consists of $5,899,000 related to The Saul Organization's
share of net income for the year and $2,024,000 related to distributions to
minority interests in excess of allocated net income for the year. The charge
for the year ended December 31, 1998 of $7,240,000 consists of $4,354,000
related to The Saul Organization's share of the net income for the year and
$2,886,000 related to distributions to minority interests in excess of allocated
net income for the year.


8.   RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS

     In October 2000, the Company purchased, through its Operating Partnership,
Avenel VI, a 30,000 square foot office/flex property for $4,200,000. The seller
was a member of The Saul Organization.

     In August 2000 and October 1999, the Company purchased land parcels of 7.11
and 6.47 acres, located within the 1,580 acre community of Ashburn Village in
Loudoun County, Virginia, adjacent to its Ashburn Village neighborhood shopping
center at a price of $1,580,000 and $1,438,000, respectively. The land is being
developed to expand the existing shopping center. The seller was a member of The
Saul Organization.

     In April 1998, the Company purchased, through its Operating Partnership, a
46,227 square foot office/flex property known as Avenel IV. The $5,600,000
purchase price consisted of $3,657,000 in variable rate debt assumption, with
the balance paid through the issuance of 105,922 new units in Saul Centers'
Operating Partnership. The seller was a member of The Saul Organization.

     Chevy Chase Bank, an affiliate of The Saul Organization, leases space in 12
of the Company's properties. Total rental income from Chevy Chase Bank amounted
to $1,223,000, $1,169,000 and $1,192,000, for the years ended December 31, 2000,
1999 and 1998, respectively.

     The Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, the Vice Chairman and the
President of the Company are officers of The Saul Organization but devote a
substantial amount of time to the management of the Company. The annual
compensation for these officers is fixed by the Compensation Committee of the
Board of Directors.

     The Company shares with The Saul Organization on a prorata basis certain
ancillary functions such as computer and payroll services and insurance expense
based on management's estimate of usage or time incurred, as applicable. Also,
The Saul Organization subleases office space to the Company. The terms of all
such arrangements with The Saul Organization, including payments related
thereto, are periodically reviewed by the Audit Committee of the Board of
Directors. Included in general and administrative expense for the years ended
December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998, are charges totaling $2,091,000, $1,798,000
and $1,685,000, related to shared services, of which $2,056,000, $1,773,000 and
$1,480,000, was paid during the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998,
respectively.

9.   STOCK OPTION PLAN

     The Company has established a stock option plan for the purpose of
attracting and retaining executive officers and other key personnel. The plan
provides for grants of options to purchase a specified number of shares of
common stock. A total of 400,000 shares are available under the plan. The plan
authorizes the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors to grant options
at an exercise price which may not be less than the market value of the common
stock on the date the option is granted.

     The Compensation Committee has granted options to purchase a total of
180,000 shares (90,000 shares from incentive stock options and 90,000 shares
from nonqualified stock options) to five Company officers. The

                                      F-13
<PAGE>

                              SAUL CENTERS, INC.
                  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

options vested 25% per year over four years, have an exercise price of $20 per
share and a term of ten years, subject to earlier expiration upon termination of
employment. A total of 170,000 of the options expire September 23, 2003 and
10,000 expire September 24, 2004. As of December 31, 2000, all 180,000 of the
options were fully vested. No compensation expense has been recognized as a
result of these grants.

10.  NON-OPERATING ITEMS

Gain on Sale of Property

     Gain on sale of property of $553,000 in 1999 resulted from the District of
Columbia's purchase of the Company's Park Road property as part of an assemblage
of parcels for a neighborhood revitalization project. There were no property
sales in the 2000 or 1998 years.

11.  EXTRAORDINARY ITEM - EARLY EXTINGUISHMENT OF DEBT

     The consolidated statement of operations for the year ending December 31,
1998 includes a $50,000 extraordinary loss related to the write-off of deferred
financing costs on loan that was prepaid. There were no such write-offs for the
years ended December 31, 2000 and 1999.

12.  FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

     Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 107, "Disclosure about Fair
Value of Financial Instruments," requires disclosure about the fair value for
all financial instruments. The carrying values of cash, accounts receivable,
accounts payable and accrued expenses are reasonable estimates of their fair
value. Based on interest rates currently available to the Company, the carrying
value of the variable rate credit line payable is a reasonable estimation of
fair value, because the debt bears interest based on short-term interest rates.
Based upon management's estimate of borrowing rates and loan terms currently
available to the Company for fixed rate financing in the amount of the total
notes payable, the fair value is not materially different from its carrying
value.

13.  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

     Neither the Company nor the Current Portfolio Properties are subject to any
material litigation, nor, to management's knowledge, is any material litigation
currently threatened against the Company, other than routine litigation and
administrative proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business.
Management believes that these items, individually or in the aggregate, will not
have a material adverse impact on the Company or the Current Portfolio
Properties.

                                      F-14
<PAGE>

                              SAUL CENTERS, INC.
                  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

14.  DISTRIBUTIONS

     In December 1995, the Company established a Dividend Reinvestment and Stock
Purchase Plan (the "Plan"), to allow its stockholders and holders of limited
partnership interests an opportunity to buy additional shares of common stock by
reinvesting all or a portion of their dividends or distributions. The Plan
provides for investing in newly issued shares of common stock at a 3% discount
from market price without payment of any brokerage commission, service charges
or other expenses. All expenses of the Plan are paid by the Company. The January
31, 1996 dividend was the initial dividend payment date when the Company's
stockholders and holders of limited partnership interests could participate in
the Plan.

     Of the distributions paid during 2000, $1.41 per share represented ordinary
dividend income and $0.15 per share represented return of capital to the
shareholders. The following summarizes distributions paid during the years ended
December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998, including activity in the Plan:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                         Total Distributions to                       Dividend Reinvestment Plan
                                         ----------------------                       --------------------------
                                                          Limited               Common
                                         Common       Partnership                Stock           Units      Discounted
                                   Stockholders       Unitholders               Issued          Issued      Share Price
                                   ------------       -----------               ------          ------      -----------
                                   (in thousands)     (in thousands)
Distributions during 2000
-------------------------
<S>                                <C>                <C>                      <C>             <C>          <C>
   October 31                           $ 5,356            $2,018              133,435              --       $14.85
   July 31                                5,305             2,017              125,705              --        15.34
   April 28                               5,254             2,017              125,558              --        14.97
   January 31                             5,202             2,017              129,789              --        14.43
                                        -------            ------              -------         -------
                                        $21,117            $8,069              514,487              --
                                        =======            ======              =======         =======
Distributions during 1999
-------------------------
   October 29                           $ 5,148            $2,017              130,753              --       $13.76
   July 30                                5,100             2,018              119,142         126,967        14.79
   April 30                               5,075             1,967              111,990         119,877        15.28
   January 29                             4,985             1,921              116,727         126,702        14.07
                                        -------            ------              -------         -------
                                        $20,308            $7,923              478,612         373,546
                                        =======            ======              =======         =======

Distributions during 1998
-------------------------
   October 30                           $ 4,980            $1,873              105,756         112,867       $15.40
   July 29                                4,969             1,827              101,739         106,010        16.01
   April 30                               4,950             1,827               90,856          80,733        17.40
   January 30                             4,832             1,713               94,304              --        16.19
                                        -------            ------              -------         -------
                                        $19,731            $7,240              392,655         299,610
                                        =======            ======              =======         =======
</TABLE>

     In December 2000, 1999 and 1998, the Board of Directors of the Company
authorized a distribution of $0.39 per share payable in January 2001, 2000 and
1999, to holders of record on January 17, 2001, January 17, 2000 and January 15,
1999, respectively. As a result, $5,410,000, $5,202,000 and $4,985,000 was paid
to common shareholders on January 31, 2001, January 31, 2000 and January 29,
1999, respectively. Also, $2,017,000, $2,017,000 and $1,921,000, was paid to
limited partnership unitholders on January 31, 2001, January 31, 2000 and
January 29, 1999 ($0.39 per Operating Partnership unit), respectively. These
amounts are reflected as a reduction of stockholders' equity and are included in
accounts payable in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.



                                      F-15
<PAGE>
                              SAUL CENTERS, INC.
                  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

15.  INTERIM RESULTS (UNAUDITED)

       The following summary presents the results of operations of the Company
for the quarterly periods of years 2000 and 1999.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

   (In thousands, except                                                           Three Months Ended
   per share amounts)                                -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                        12/31/2000           09/30/2000            06/30/2000           03/31/2000
                                                     ================     ================      ===============      ===============
   <S>                                             <C>                  <C>                   <C>                  <C>
   Revenues                                        $          20,910    $          19,724     $         18,988     $         19,407
                                                     ----------------     ----------------      ---------------      ---------------


   Net income before minority interests                        5,539                5,859                5,183                5,533

   Minority interests                                         (2,018)              (2,017)              (2,017)              (2,017)
                                                     ----------------     ----------------      ---------------      ---------------

   Net income                                      $           3,521    $           3,842     $          3,166     $          3,516
                                                     ================     ================      ===============      ===============

   Per Share Data:

        Net income before minority interests       $            0.29    $            0.31     $           0.28     $           0.30
                                                     ================     ================      ===============      ===============

        Net income                                 $            0.25    $            0.28     $           0.24     $           0.26
                                                     ================     ================      ===============      ===============

<CAPTION>

                                                        12/31/1999           09/30/1999            06/30/1999           03/31/1999
                                                     ================     ================      ===============      ===============
   <S>                                             <C>                  <C>                   <C>                  <C>
   Revenues                                        $          19,398    $          18,409     $         18,020     $         17,964
                                                     ----------------     ----------------      ---------------      ---------------


   Net income before minority interests                        6,103                5,145                4,931                5,041

   Minority interests                                         (2,017)              (2,018)              (1,967)              (1,921)
                                                     ----------------     ----------------      ---------------      ---------------

   Net income                                      $           4,086    $           3,127     $          2,964     $          3,120
                                                     ================     ================      ===============      ===============

   Per Share Data:

        Net income before minority interests       $            0.33    $            0.28     $           0.27     $           0.28
                                                     ================     ================      ===============      ===============

        Net income                                 $            0.31    $            0.24     $           0.23     $           0.24
                                                     ================     ================      ===============      ===============
</TABLE>


                                     F-16

<PAGE>

                              SAUL CENTERS, INC.
                  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

16.    BUSINESS SEGMENTS

           The company has two reportable business segments: Shopping Centers
           and Office Properties. The accounting policies of the segments
           presented below are the same as those described in the summary of
           significant accounting policies (see Note 1). The Company evaluates
           performance based upon income from real estate for the combined
           properties in each segment.


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
           (in thousands)
                                                                           Shopping      Office        Corporate      Consolidated
                                                                            Centers     Properties      and Other         Totals
                                                                          =========== ==============  =============  ===============
       ----------------------------------------------------------
                                     2000
       ----------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                     <C>           <C>            <C>           <C>
           Real estate rental operations:
              Revenues..............................................      $  56,969     $   21,837    $       223     $     79,029
              Expenses..............................................        (10,252)        (4,937)            --          (15,189)
                                                                          ---------    -----------   ------------    -------------
           Income from real estate..................................         46,717         16,900            223           63,840
              Interest expense & amortization of debt costs.........             --             --        (24,301)         (24,301)
              General and administrative............................             --             --         (3,891)          (3,891)
                                                                          ---------    -----------   ------------    -------------
           Subtotal.................................................         46,717         16,900        (27,969)          35,648
              Depreciation and amortization.........................          9,453)        (4,079)            (2)         (13,534)
              Minority interests....................................             --             --         (8,069)          (8,069)
                                                                          ---------    -----------   ------------    -------------
           Net income...............................................      $  37,264     $   12,821    $   (36,040)    $     14,045
                                                                          =========    ===========   ============    =============
           Capital investment.......................................      $  14,886     $   28,540    $        --     $     43,426
                                                                          =========    ===========   ============    =============
           Total assets.............................................      $ 185,518     $  117,497    $    31,435     $    334,450
                                                                          =========    ===========   ============    =============

       -------------------------------------------------------------
                                     1999
       -------------------------------------------------------------
           Real estate rental operations:

              Revenues..............................................      $  54,510     $   19,183    $        98     $     73,791
              Expenses..............................................         (9,604)        (4,618)            --          (14,222)
                                                                          ---------    -----------   ------------    -------------
           Income from real estate..................................         44,906         14,565             98           59,569
              Interest expense & amortization of debt costs.........             --             --        (22,984)         (22,984)
              General and administrative............................             --             --         (3,755)          (3,755)
                                                                          ---------    -----------   ------------    -------------
           Subtotal.................................................         44,906         14,565        (26,641)          32,830
              Depreciation and amortization.........................         (8,414)        (3,749)            --          (12,163)
                    Gain on property sale...........................            553             --             --              553
                    Minority interests..............................             --             --         (7,923)          (7,923)
                                                                          ---------    -----------   ------------    -------------
           Net income...............................................      $  37,045     $   10,816    $   (34,564)    $     13,297
                                                                          =========    ===========   ============    =============
           Capital investment.......................................      $  16,939     $   21,699    $        --     $     38,638
                                                                          =========    ===========   ============    =============
           Total assets.............................................      $ 186,769     $   90,185    $    22,711     $    299,665
                                                                          =========    ===========   ============    =============

       -------------------------------------------------------------
                                     1998
       -------------------------------------------------------------
           Real estate rental operations:

              Revenues..............................................      $  52,595     $   17,871    $       117     $     70,583
              Expenses..............................................         (9,523)        (4,723)          (130)         (14,376)
                                                                          ---------    -----------   ------------    -------------
           Income (loss) from real estate...........................         43,072         13,148            (13)          56,207
              Interest expense & amortization of debt costs.........             --             --        (23,046)         (23,046)
              General and administrative............................             --             --         (3,393)          (3,393)
                                                                          ---------    -----------   ------------    -------------
           Subtotal.................................................         43,072         13,148        (26,452)          29,768
              Depreciation and amortization.........................         (8,758)        (3,694)          (126)         (12,578)
              Early extinguishment of debt..........................             --             --            (50)             (50)
              Cumulative effect of accounting method change.........             --             --           (771)            (771)
              Minority interests....................................             --             --         (7,240)          (7,240)
                                                                          ---------    -----------   ------------    -------------
           Net income...............................................      $  34,314     $    9,454    $   (34,639)    $      9,129
                                                                          =========    ===========   ============    =============
           Capital investment.......................................      $  11,807     $    2,892    $        77     $     14,776
                                                                          =========    ===========   ============    =============
           Total assets.............................................      $ 178,459     $   70,182    $    22,393     $    271,034
                                                                          =========    ===========   ============    =============
</TABLE>

                                    F - 17

<PAGE>

                                                                    Schedule III

                              SAUL CENTERS, INC.
                   Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation
                               December 31, 2000
                            (Dollars in Thousands)


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                      Costs              Basis is at Close of Period
                                                   Capitalized  ---------------------------------------------
                                                   Subsequent              Buildings
                                         Initial       to                     and      Leasehold              Accumulated    Book
                                          Basis    Acquisition    Land   Improvements  Interests     Total    Depreciation   Value
                                       ---------  ------------  -------- ------------- ----------   --------  ------------ ---------
<S>                                    <C>        <C>          <C>       <C>           <C>          <C>       <C>          <C>
Shopping Centers
Ashburn Village, Ashburn, VA                       $  6,113    $ 5,158   $ 12,386      $   --      $ 17,544    $  1,432   $ 16,112
Beacon Center, Alexandria, VA          $ 11,431      14,527         --     14,926       1,094        16,020       5,769     10,251
Belvedere, Baltimore, MD                  1,493         834        263      1,503          --         1,766         784        982
Boulevard, Fairfax, VA                      932       1,410      3,687      2,606          --         6,293         274      6,019
Clarendon, Arlington, VA                  4,883         396        635        146          --           781          37        744
Clarendon Station, Arlington, VA            385          37        425        446          --           871          60        811
Flagship Center, Rockville, MD              834           9        169         --          --           169          --        169
French Market, Oklahoma City, OK            160       8,546      1,118     13,209          --        14,327       3,573     10,754
Germantown, Germantown, MD                5,781         298      2,034      1,840          --         3,874         484      3,390
Giant, Baltimore, MD                      3,576         303        422        879          --         1,301         602        699
The Glen, Lake Ridge, VA                    998         414      5,300      8,032          --        13,332       1,410     11,922
Great Eastern, District Heights., MD     12,918       9,323      2,263     10,532          --        12,795       2,814      9,981
Hampshire Langley, Langley Park, MD       3,472       2,416      1,856      3,719          --         5,575       1,977      3,598
Leesburg Pike, Baileys Crossroads, VA     3,159       5,099      1,132      6,385          --         7,517       3,298      4,219
Lexington Mall, Lexington, KY             2,418       5,904      2,111      8,661          --        10,772       4,573      6,199
Lumberton Plaza, Lumberton, NJ            4,868       8,269        950     11,719          --        12,669       6,191      6,478
Olney, Olney, MD                          4,400       1,281         --      3,165          --         3,165       1,709      1,456
Ravenwood, Baltimore, MD                  1,884       1,645        703      2,187          --         2,890         689      2,201
Seven Corners, Falls Church, VA           1,245      39,215      4,913     39,150          --        44,063      11,441     32,622
Shops at Fairfax, Fairfax, VA             4,848      10,240        992     11,956          --        12,948       2,445     10,503
Southdale, Glen Burnie, MD                2,708      15,202         --     18,230         622        18,852      10,885      7,967
Southside Plaza, Richmond, VA             3,650       3,637      1,878      8,487          --        10,365       5,479      4,886
South Dekalb Plaza, Atlanta, GA           6,728       2,714        703      4,485          --         5,188       2,376      2,812
Thruway, Winston-Salem, NC                2,474      12,785      5,464     11,994         105        17,563       4,679     12,884
Village Center, Centreville, VA           4,778       1,081      7,851      9,732          --        17,583       2,054     15,529
West Park, Oklahoma City, OK             16,502         602        485      2,000          --         2,485         981      1,504
White Oak, Silver Spring, MD              1,883       3,659      4,787      5,149          --         9,936       3,002      6,934
                                     --   6,277 ------------ --------------------- ------------------------- ---------------------
    Total Shopping Centers             --------     155,959     55,299    213,524       1,821       270,644      79,018    191,626
                                     -- 114,685------------- --------------------- ------------------------- ---------------------

Office Properties
Avenel Business Park, Gaithersburg, MD    21,459     17,525      3,851     35,133          --        38,984      12,218     26,766
                                                                                                                                --
Crosstown Business Center, Tulsa, OK       3,454      1,822        604      4,672          --         5,276       2,067      3,209
601 Pennsylvania Ave., Washington DC       5,479     44,737      5,667     44,549          --        50,216      19,197     31,019
Van Ness Square, Washington, DC              812     25,929        831     25,910          --        26,741      11,680     15,061
                                     ----------------------- --------------------- ------------------------- ---------------------
    Total Office Properties               31,204     90,013     10,953    110,264          --       121,217      45,162     76,055
                                     ----------------------- --------------------- ------------------------- ---------------------

    Total                              $ 145,889  $ 245,972    $66,252  $ 323,788    $  1,821     $ 391,861   $ 124,180   $267,681
                                     =============================================================================================

<CAPTION>
                                                                                              Buildings
                                                                                                 and
                                                                                            Improvements
                                        Related          Date of              Date           Depreciable
                                         Debt          Construction         Acquired       Lives in Years
                                     -----------    -----------------    -------------    -----------------
<S>                                  <C>            <C>                  <C>              <C>
Shopping Centers
Ashburn Village, Ashburn, VA           $ 11,902        1994 & 2000             3/94           40
Beacon Center, Alexandria, VA             7,414        1960 & 1974             1/72         40 & 50
Belvedere, Baltimore, MD                  2,640           1958                 1/72           40
Boulevard, Fairfax, VA                    6,687           1969                 4/94           40
Clarendon, Arlington, VA                    328           1949                 7/73           33
Clarendon Station, Arlington, VA             96           1949                 1/96           40
Flagship Center, Rockville, MD              548           1972                 1/72           --
French Market, Oklahoma City, OK          3,176           1972                 3/74           50
Germantown, Germantown, MD                1,168           1990                 8/93           40
Giant, Baltimore, MD                      2,678           1959                 1/72           40
The Glen, Lake Ridge, VA                 10,227           1993                 6/94           40
Great Eastern, District Heights., MD     11,477        1958 & 1960             1/72           40
Hampshire Langley, Langley Park, MD      10,511           1960                 1/72           40
Leesburg Pike, Baileys Crossroads, VA    11,717           1965                 2/66           40
Lexington Mall, Lexington, KY             6,311        1971 & 1974             3/74           50
Lumberton Plaza, Lumberton, NJ            8,266           1975                12/75           40
Olney, Olney, MD                          2,448           1972                11/75           40
Ravenwood, Baltimore, MD                  6,776           1959                 1/72           40
Seven Corners, Falls Church, VA          45,875           1956                 7/73           33
Shops at Fairfax, Fairfax, VA             9,637           1975                 6/75           50
Southdale, Glen Burnie, MD                8,217        1962 & 1987             1/72           40
Southside Plaza, Richmond, VA            10,158           1958                 1/72           40
South Dekalb Plaza, Atlanta, GA           2,545           1970                 2/76           40
Thruway, Winston-Salem, NC               26,241        1955 & 1965             5/72           40
Village Center, Centreville, VA           9,219           1990                 8/93           40
West Park, Oklahoma City, OK                110           1974                 9/75           50
White Oak, Silver Spring, MD             24,240        1958 & 1967             1/72           40
                                       --------
    Total Shopping Centers              240,612
                                       --------

Office Properties
Avenel Business Park, Gaithersburg, MD   25,978         1984, 1986,      12/84, 8/85,      35 & 40
                                                        1990, 1998        2/86, 4/98
                                                         and 2000           & 10/00
Crosstown Business Center, Tulsa, OK         --            1974             10/75             40
601 Pennsylvania Ave., Washington DC     36,279            1986              7/73             35
Van Ness Square, Washington, DC           7,260            1990              7/73             35
                                       --------
    Total Office Properties              69,517
                                       --------

    Total                              $310,129
                                       ========
</TABLE>

                                     F-18

<PAGE>

                                                                    Schedule III

                              SAUL CENTERS, INC.
                   Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation
                               December 31, 2000

Depreciation and amortization related to the real estate investments reflected
in the statements of operations is calculated over the estimated useful lives of
the assets as follows:

Base building            33 - 50 years
Building components      20 years
Tenant improvements      The lesser of the term of the lease or the useful life
                         of the improvements

The aggregate remaining net basis of the real estate investments for federal
income tax purposes was approximately $294,989,000 at December 31, 2000.
Depreciation and amortization are provided on the declining balance and
straight-line methods over the estimated useful lives of the assets.

The changes in total real estate investments and related accumulated
depreciation for each of the years in the three year period ended December 31,
2000 are summarized as follows.


(In thousands)                             2000           1999           1998
----------------------------------      ---------       --------      ---------

Total real estate investments:

Balance, beginning of year              $ 368,382       $ 348,061     $ 335,268
               Improvements                23,479          21,943        14,784
               Sales                           --           1,192            --
               Retirements                     --             430         1,991
                                        ---------       ---------     ---------
Balance, end of year                    $ 391,861       $ 368,382     $ 348,061
                                        =========       =========     =========


Total accumulated depreciation:

Balance, beginning of year              $ 112,272       $ 101,910     $  92,615
               Depreciation expense        11,908          10,714        10,409
               Sales                           --              42            --
               Retirements                     --             310         1,114
                                        ---------       ---------     ---------
Balance, end of year                    $ 124,180       $ 112,272     $ 101,910
                                        =========       =========     =========

                                     F-19
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
