<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>a2042745z10-k.txt
<DESCRIPTION>10-K
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
================================================================================
                                  UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D.C. 20549

                                    FORM 10-K

          (Mark One)

     /x/  ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
          EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2000 OR

     //   TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
          EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM _____ TO _____.

                        COMMISSION FILE NUMBER : 0-25985

                 AMERICAN EQUITY INVESTMENT LIFE HOLDING COMPANY
                 -----------------------------------------------
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)
<TABLE>

<S>                                                                  <C>
                IOWA                                                               42-1447959
                ----                                                               ----------
        (State of Incorporation)                                     (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

       5000 WESTOWN PARKWAY, SUITE 440                                       (515) 221-0002
       WEST DES MOINES, IOWA   50266                                         --------------
       -----------------------------                                           (Telephone)
       (Address of principal executive offices)
</TABLE>


     Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None

     Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Stock,
     par value $1 per share

================================================================================

     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes /x/ No //

     Aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by
non-affiliates of the registrant: No public market exists nor has active trading
occurred.

     Shares of common stock outstanding as of February 28, 2001: 14,534,742

     Documents incorporated by reference: Portions of the registrant's
definitive proxy statement for the annual meeting of shareholders to be held
June 7, 2001 are incorporated by reference into Part III of this report.

     Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item
405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
From 10-K. //


<PAGE>

                                     PART I

ITEM 1.  BUSINESS

     American Equity Investment Life Holding Company was formed on December 15,
1995, to develop, market, issue and administer annuities and life insurance
through its life insurance subsidiary. We are a full service underwriter of a
broad array of annuity and insurance products. Our business consists primarily
of the sale of equity-index and fixed rate annuities. Our business strategy is
to focus on our annuity business and earn predicable returns by managing
investment spreads and investment risk.

     As a foundation for beginning our business, we acquired two blocks of
in-force insurance from American Life and Casualty Insurance Company, the
principal operating subsidiary of The Statesman Group, Inc., of which our
Chairman, David J. Noble, and our Executive Vice Presidents, James M. Gerlach
and Terry A. Reimer, were previously officers. In September 1996, we acquired
Century Life Insurance Company which expanded our licensing authority to 23
states and the District of Columbia. We then merged our life subsidiary into
Century Life Insurance Company and renamed the merged entity "American Equity
Investment Life Insurance Company."

     We were incorporated in the State of Delaware on December 15, 1995, and
reincorporated in the State of Iowa on January 7, 1998. Our executive offices
are located at 5000 Westown Parkway, Suite 440, West Des Moines, IA 50266, and
our telephone number is (515) 221-0002. Information contained on our website is
not a part of this report.

PRODUCTS

     Our products include equity-index annuities, fixed rate annuities, a
variable annuity and life insurance.

     EQUITY-INDEX ANNUITIES. Equity-index annuities accounted for approximately
75% of the total annuity deposits collected during 2000. These products allow
purchasers to earn investment returns linked to equity index appreciation
without the risk of loss of their principal.

     The annuity contract value is equal to the premiums paid as increased for
returns which are based upon a percentage (the "participation rate") of the
annual appreciation (based in certain situations on monthly averages) in a
recognized index or benchmark. The participation rate, which we may reset
annually, generally varies among the equity-index products from 65% to 100%.
Some of the products also have an "asset fee" ranging from 1% to 4%, which is
deducted from the interest to be credited. The asset fees may be adjusted
annually by us, subject to stated maximums. In addition, some products apply an
overall maximum limit (or "cap") on the amount of annual interest the
policyholder may earn in any one contract year, and the applicable cap also may
be adjusted annually subject to stated minimums. The minimum guaranteed contract
values are equal to 80% to 100% of the premium collected plus interest credited
at an annual rate of 3%. The annuities provide for penalty-free withdrawals of
up to 10% of premium or accumulation value (depending on the product) in each
year after the first year of the annuity's term. Other withdrawals are subject
to a surrender charge ranging initially from 9% to 25% over a surrender period
of from three to sixteen years. During the applicable surrender charge period,
the surrender charges on some equity-index products remain level, while on other
equity-index products, the surrender charges decline by one to two and one-half
percentage points per year. After a number of years, as specified in the annuity
contract, the annuitant may elect to take the proceeds of the annuity either in
a single payment or in a series of payments for life, for a fixed number of
years, or for a combination of these payment options. We purchase call options
on the applicable indexes as an investment to provide the income needed to fund
the amount of the annual appreciation required to be credited on the
equity-index products.


                                  Page 2 of 24
<PAGE>

     FIXED RATE ANNUITIES. These products, which accounted for approximately 25%
of the total annuity deposits collected during 2000, include single premium
deferred annuities ("SPDAs"), flexible premium deferred annuities ("FPDAs") and
single premium immediate annuities ("SPIAs"). An SPDA generally involves the
tax-deferred accumulation of interest on a single premium paid by the
policyholder. After a number of years, as specified in the annuity contract, the
annuitant may elect to take the proceeds of the annuity either in a single
payment or in a series of payments for life, for a fixed number of years, or for
a combination of these payment options. FPDAs are similar to SPDAs in many
respects, except that the FPDA allows additional premium payments in varying
amounts by the policyholder without the filing of a new application. Our SPDAs
and FPDAs generally have an interest rate (the "crediting rate") that is
guaranteed by us for the first policy year. After the first policy year, we have
the discretionary ability to change the crediting rate to any rate at or above a
guaranteed minimum rate. The guaranteed rate on all policies in force and new
issues ranges from 3% to 4%. The initial crediting rate is largely a function of
the interest rate we can earn on invested assets acquired with new annuity fund
deposits and the rates offered on similar products by our competitors. For
subsequent adjustments to crediting rates, we take into account the yield on our
investment portfolio, annuity surrender assumptions, competitive industry
pricing and crediting rate history for particular groups of annuity policies
with similar characteristics.

     Approximately 96% of our fixed rate annuity sales have been "bonus"
products. The initial crediting rate on these products specifies a bonus
crediting rate ranging from 1% to 7% of the annuity deposit for the first policy
year only. After the first year, the bonus interest portion of the initial
crediting rate is automatically discontinued, and the renewal crediting rate is
established. Generally, there is a compensating adjustment in the commission
paid to the agent to offset the first year interest bonus. In all situations, we
obtain an acknowledgment from the policyholder, upon policy issuance, that a
specified portion of the first-year interest will not be paid in renewal years.
As of December 31, 2000, crediting rates on our outstanding SPDAs and FPDAs
generally ranged from 5.35% to 7.00% excluding interest bonuses guaranteed for
the first year. The average crediting rate on SPDAs and FPDAs including interest
bonuses was 5.99%, and the average crediting rate on those products excluding
bonuses was 5.20%.

     The policyholder is typically permitted to withdraw all or a part of the
premium paid, plus accumulated interest credited to the account (the
"accumulation value"), subject to the assessment of a surrender charge for
withdrawals in excess of specified limits. Most of our SPDAs and FPDAs provide
for penalty-free withdrawals of up to 10% of the accumulation value each year
after the first year, subject to limitations. Withdrawals in excess of allowable
penalty-free amounts are assessed a surrender charge during a penalty period
which generally ranges from three to sixteen years after the date the policy is
issued. This surrender charge is initially 9% to 25% of the accumulation value
and generally decreases by approximately one to two and one-half percentage
points per year during the surrender charge period. Surrender charges are set at
levels to protect us from loss on early terminations and to reduce the
likelihood of policyholders terminating their policies during periods of
increasing interest rates. This practice lengthens the effective duration of the
policy liabilities and enables us to maintain profitability on such policies.

     Our SPIAs are designed to provide a series of periodic payments for a fixed
period of time or for life, according to the policyholder's choice at the time
of issue. The amounts, frequency, and length of time of the payments are fixed
at the outset of the annuity contract. SPIAs are often purchased by persons at
or near retirement age who desire a steady stream of payments over a future
period of years. The single premium is often the payout from a terminated
annuity contract. The implicit interest rate on SPIAs is based on market
conditions when the policy is issued. The implicit interest rate on our
outstanding SPIAs averaged 5.20% at December 31, 2000.

     VARIABLE ANNUITY. Variable annuities differ from equity-index and fixed
rate annuities in that the policyholder, rather than the insurance company,
bears the investment risk and the policyholder's rate of return is dependent
upon the performance of the particular investment option selected by the
policyholder. Profits on variable annuities are derived from the fees charged to
policyholders. Sales to date of variable annuities by the Company have been
insignificant.


                                  Page 3 of 24
<PAGE>

     In December 1997, we entered into a strategic alliance with Farm Bureau
Life Insurance Company for the development, marketing and administration of
variable annuity products. This agreement enabled us to introduce a variable
product into our product line. An affiliate of Farm Bureau provides the
administrative support necessary to manage this business, and is paid an
administrative fee for those services. We share in 30% of the risks, costs and
operating results of this product through a reinsurance arrangement. See the
discussion under REINSURANCE for additional information regarding this
arrangement as well as Farm Bureau's beneficial ownership of our common stock.
Our variable product became available for sale in the third quarter of 1998.

     LIFE INSURANCE. These products include traditional ordinary and term,
universal life and other interest-sensitive life insurance products. As a result
of the acquisition of the National Guard Life insurance business from American
Life and Casualty Insurance Company we are one of the largest life insurance
carriers for members of the state National Guard Associations, with more than
$1.5 billion of life insurance in force. We intend to continue offering a
complete line of life insurance products for individual and group markets.

INVESTMENTS

     Investment activities are an integral part of our business, and investment
income is a significant component of our total revenues. Profitability of many
of our products is significantly affected by spreads between interest yields on
investments and rates credited on annuity liabilities. Although substantially
all credited rates on SPDAs and FPDAs may be changed annually, changes in
crediting rates may not be sufficient to maintain targeted investment spreads in
all economic and market environments. In addition, competition and other
factors, including the potential for increases in surrenders and withdrawals,
may limit our ability to adjust or to maintain crediting rates at levels
necessary to avoid narrowing of spreads under certain market conditions. As of
December 31, 2000, the average yield, computed on the amortized cost basis of
our investment portfolio, was 7.64%; the average interest rate credited or
accruing to our fixed rate annuity liabilities, excluding interest bonuses
guaranteed for the first year of the annuity contract, was 5.20%.

     We manage the index-based risk component of our equity-index annuities by
purchasing call options on the applicable indexes to hedge such risk and
adjusting the participation rates, asset fee rates and other product features to
reflect the change in the cost of such options (which varies based on market
conditions).

     For additional information regarding the composition of our investment
portfolio and our interest rate risk management, see Management's Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Quantitative and
Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk, and Note 3 of the Notes to the
Audited Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report.

MARKETING

     We market our products primarily to individuals in the United States ages
45-75 who are seeking to accumulate tax-deferred savings. We believe that
significant growth opportunities exist for annuity products because of favorable
demographic and economic trends. According to the U.S. Census Bureau, there were
33.5 million Americans age 65 and older in 1995, representing 13% of the U.S.
population. By 2030, this sector of the population is expected to increase to
22% of the total population. Our products are particularly attractive to this
group as a result of the guarantee of principal, competitive rates of credited
interest, tax-deferred growth and alternative payout options.


                                  Page 4 of 24
<PAGE>


     We market our products through a variable cost brokerage distribution
network. We emphasize high quality service to our agents and policyholders.
Approximately 95% of new annuity policies are issued within 48 hours of our
receipt of the application and initial premium, and commissions to agents are
paid weekly. We believe these factors have been significant in building
excellent relationships with our existing agency force.

     We have recruited approximately 22,000 independent agents and agencies
ranging in profile from national sales organizations to personal producing
general agents. We aggressively recruit new agents and expect to continue to
expand our independent agency force. In our recruitment efforts, we emphasize
that agents have direct access to our executive officers, giving us an edge in
recruiting over larger and foreign-owned competitors. We are currently licensed
to sell our products in 43 states and the District of Columbia. We have applied
or anticipate applying for licenses to sell our products in the remaining
states.

     The insurance brokerage distribution system is comprised of insurance
brokers and marketing organizations. We are pursuing a strategy to increase the
size of our brokerage distribution network by developing relationships with
national and regional marketing organizations. These organizations typically
recruit agents for us by advertising our products and our commission structure,
through direct mail advertising, or through seminars for insurance agents and
brokers. These organizations bear most of the cost incurred in marketing our
products. We compensate marketing organizations by paying them a percentage of
the commissions earned on new annuity and life policy sales generated by the
agents recruited in such organizations. We also conduct other incentive programs
for agents from time to time. We generally do not enter into exclusive
arrangements with these marketing organizations.

     Two of our national marketing organizations accounted for more than 10% of
the annuity deposits and insurance premiums collected during 2000. One of these
organizations produced approximately 16% of the collections and the other
produced approximately 12%. The states with the largest share of direct premiums
collected are: California (15.7%), Florida (11.8%), Texas (9.8%), Illinois
(7.1%) and Pennsylvania (6.3%).

COMPETITION AND RATINGS

     We operate in a highly competitive industry. Most of our competitors are
substantially larger and enjoy substantially greater financial resources, higher
ratings by rating agencies, broader and more diversified product lines and more
widespread agency relationships. Our annuity products compete with equity-index,
fixed rate and variable annuities sold by other insurance companies and also
with mutual fund products, traditional bank investments and other investment and
retirement funding alternatives. Insurers compete with other insurance
companies, financial intermediaries and other institutions based on a number of
factors, including premium rates, policy terms and conditions, service provided
to distribution channels and policyholders, ratings by rating agencies,
reputation and broker compensation.

     The sales agents for our products use the ratings assigned to an insurer by
independent rating agencies as one factor in determining which insurer's annuity
to market. In recent years, the market for annuities has been dominated by those
insurers with the highest ratings. Our life subsidiary has received a rating of
A- (Excellent) from A. M. Best Company and Api from Standard & Poor's.

     Ratings generally involve quantitative and qualitative evaluations of a
company's financial condition and operating performance. Generally, rating
agencies base their ratings upon information furnished to them by the insurer
and upon their own investigations, studies and assumptions. Ratings are based
upon factors of concern to policyholders, agents and intermediaries and are not
directed toward the protection of investors and are not recommendations to buy,
sell or hold securities.

                                  Page 5 of 24
<PAGE>

     A. M. Best ratings currently range from A++ (Superior) to F (In
Liquidation), and include 15 separate ratings categories. Within these
categories, A++ (Superior) and A+ (Superior) are the highest, followed by A
(Excellent) and A- (Excellent). Publications of A. M. Best indicate that the A
and A- ratings are assigned to those companies that, in A. M. Best's opinion,
have demonstrated excellent overall performance when compared to the standards
established by A. M. Best and have demonstrated a strong ability to meet their
obligations to policyholders over a long period of time.

     Standard & Poor's insurer financial strength ratings currently range from
AAA to NR, and include 10 separate ratings categories. Within these categories,
AAA and AA are the highest, followed by A and BBB. Publications of Standard &
Poor's indicate that an insurer rated "BBB" or higher is regarded as having
financial security characteristics that outweigh any vulnerabilities, and is
highly likely to have the ability to meet financial commitments. In addition, an
insurer with a rating of A is regarded as having strong financial security
characteristics. Ratings denoted with a "pi" subscript are insurer financial
strength ratings based on an analysis of an insurer's published financial
information and additional information in the public domain. They do not reflect
in-depth meetings with an insurer's management and are therefore based on less
comprehensive information than ratings without a "pi" subscript.

     A.M. Best and Standard & Poor's review their ratings of insurance companies
from time to time. There can be no assurance that any particular rating will
continue for any given period of time or that it will not be changed or
withdrawn entirely if, in their judgment, circumstances so warrant. If our
ratings were to be downgraded for any reason, we could experience a material
decline in the sales of our products and the persistency of our in-force
business.

REINSURANCE

     Consistent with the general practice of the life insurance industry, our
life subsidiary enters into agreements of indemnity reinsurance with other
insurance companies in order to reinsure portions of the coverage provided by
its life and accident and health insurance products. Indemnity reinsurance
agreements are intended to limit a life insurer's maximum loss on a large or
unusually hazardous risk or to diversify its risks. Indemnity reinsurance does
not discharge the original insurer's primary liability to the insured. Our
reinsured business is primarily ceded to two reinsurers. We believe the assuming
companies are able to honor all contractual commitments, based on our periodic
review of their financial statements, insurance industry reports and reports
filed with state insurance departments. We do not use financial or surplus
relief reinsurance.

     As of December 31, 2000, the policy risk retention limit was $100,000 or
less on all policies issued by us. Reinsurance ceded by us was immaterial and
reinsurance that we assumed (through the acquisition of two blocks of in-force
insurance from American Life and Casualty Insurance Company) represented
approximately 7% of net life insurance in force.

     During 1998, our life subsidiary entered into a modified coinsurance
agreement to cede 70% of its variable annuity business to an affiliate of Farm
Bureau Life Insurance Company. Farm Bureau beneficially owns 32.26% of the
Company's common stock. Under this agreement, the Company paid Farm Bureau's
affiliate $118,000 and $120,000 for the years ended December 31, 2000 and 1999,
respectively. The modified coinsurance agreement has an initial term of four
years and will continue thereafter until termination by written notice at the
election of either party. Any such termination will apply to the submission or
acceptance of new policies, and business reinsured under the agreement prior to
any such termination is not eligible for recapture before the expiration of 10
years.

                                  Page 6 of 24
<PAGE>


REGULATION

     Life insurance companies are subject to regulation and supervision by the
states in which they transact business. State insurance laws establish
supervisory agencies with broad regulatory authority, including the power to:

     o    grant and revoke licenses to transact business;

     o    regulate and supervise trade practices and market conduct;

     o    establish guaranty associations;

     o    license agents;

     o    approve policy forms;

     o    approve premium rates for some lines of business;

     o    establish reserve requirements;

     o    prescribe the form and content of required financial statements and
          reports;

     o    determine the reasonableness and adequacy of statutory capital and
          surplus;

     o    perform financial, market conduct and other examinations;

     o    define acceptable accounting principles;

     o    regulate the type and amount of permitted investments; and

     o    limit the amount of dividends and surplus note payments that can be
          paid without obtaining regulatory approval.

     Our life subsidiary is subject to periodic examinations by state regulatory
authorities. The Iowa Insurance Division completed an examination of our life
subsidiary as of December 31, 1997 in 1998. No adjustments were recommended or
required as a result of this examination.

     Most states have also enacted regulations on the activities of insurance
holding company systems, including acquisitions, extraordinary dividends, the
terms of surplus notes, the terms of affiliate transactions and other related
matters. We are registered pursuant to such legislation in Iowa. Recently, a
number of state legislatures have considered or have enacted legislative
proposals that alter, and in many cases, increase the authority of state
agencies to regulate insurance companies and holding company systems.

     Most states, including Iowa, where our life subsidiary is domiciled, have
enacted legislation or adopted administrative regulations affecting the
acquisition of control of insurance companies as well as transactions between
insurance companies and persons controlling them. The nature and extent of such
legislation and regulations currently in effect vary from state to state.
However, most states require administrative approval of the direct or indirect
acquisition of 10% or more of the outstanding voting securities of an insurance
company incorporated in the state. The acquisition of 10% of such securities is
generally deemed to be the acquisition of "control" for the purpose of the
holding company statutes and

                                  Page 7 of 24
<PAGE>

requires not only the filing of detailed information concerning the acquiring
parties and the plan of acquisition, but also administrative approval prior to
the acquisition. In many states, the insurance authority may find that "control"
in fact does not exist in circumstances in which a person owns or controls more
than 10% of the voting securities.

     Although the federal government does not directly regulate the business of
insurance, federal legislation and administrative policies in several areas,
including pension regulation, age and sex discrimination, financial services
regulation, securities regulation and federal taxation can significantly affect
the insurance business. In addition, legislation has been passed which could
result in the federal government assuming some role in regulating insurance
companies and which allows combinations between insurance companies, banks and
other entities.

     The Securities and Exchange Commission has requested comments as to whether
equity-index annuities, such as those sold by us, should be treated as
securities under the Federal securities laws rather than as insurance products.
Treatment of these products as securities would likely require additional
registration and licensing of these products and the agents selling them, as
well as cause us to seek additional marketing relationships for these products.

     In recent years, the National Association of Insurance Commissioners
("NAIC"), an association of state regulators and their staffs, has approved and
recommended to the states for adoption and implementation several model laws and
regulations including:

     o    investment reserve requirements;

     o    risk-based capital ("RBC") standards for determining the level of
          statutory capital and surplus an insurer must maintain in relation to
          its investment and insurance risks;

     o    codification of insurance accounting principles;

     o    additional investment restrictions;

     o    restrictions on an insurance company's ability to pay dividends; and

     o    life product illustrations

The NAIC is currently developing new model laws or regulations, including:

     o    product design standards;

     o    reserve requirements; and

     o    annuity product illustrations.

     These model laws and regulations may be adopted by the various states in
which our life subsidiary is licensed, but the ultimate content and timing of
any statutes and regulations adopted by the states cannot be determined at this
time. It is not possible to predict the future impact of changing state and
federal regulations on our operations. Furthermore, there can be no assurance
that existing insurance related laws and regulations will not become more
restrictive in the future or that laws and regulations enacted in the future
will not be more restrictive.

                                  Page 8 of 24
<PAGE>

     The NAIC's RBC requirements are intended to be used by insurance regulators
as an early warning tool to identify deteriorating or weakly capitalized
insurance companies for the purpose of initiating regulatory action. The RBC
formula defines a new minimum capital standard which supplements low, fixed
minimum capital and surplus requirements previously implemented on a
state-by-state basis. Such requirements are not designed as a ranking mechanism
for adequately capitalized companies.

     The NAIC's RBC requirements provide for four levels of regulatory attention
depending on the ratio of a company's total adjusted capital to its RBC.
Adjusted capital is defined as the total of statutory capital, surplus, asset
valuation reserve and certain other adjustments. Calculations using the NAIC
formula at December 31, 2000, indicate that the ratio of total adjusted capital
to RBC for us exceeded the highest level at which regulatory action might be
triggered by approximately 2 times.

     Our life subsidiary also may be required, under the solvency or guaranty
laws of most states in which it does business, to pay assessments up to certain
prescribed limits to fund policyholder losses or liabilities of insolvent
insurance companies. These assessments may be deferred or forgiven under most
guaranty laws if they would threaten an insurer's financial strength and, in
certain instances, may be offset against future premium taxes. Assessments
related to business reinsured for periods prior to the effective date of the
reinsurance are the responsibility of the ceding companies. Given the short
period of time since the inception of our business, we believe that assessments,
if any, will be minimal.

FEDERAL INCOME TAXATION

     The annuity and life insurance products that we market and issue generally
provide the policyholder with an income tax advantage, as compared to other
savings investments, such as certificates of deposit and taxable bonds, in that
income taxation on any increases in the contract values of these products is
deferred until it is received by the policyholder. With other savings
investments, the increase in value is generally taxed as earned. Annuity
benefits and life insurance benefits, which accrue prior to the death of the
policyholder, are generally not taxable until paid. Life insurance death
benefits are generally exempt from income tax. Also, benefits received on
immediate annuities are recognized as taxable income ratably, as opposed to the
methods used for some other investments which tend to accelerate taxable income
into earlier years. The tax advantage for annuities and life insurance is
provided in the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), and is
generally followed in all states and other United States taxing jurisdictions.

     From time to time, various tax law changes have been proposed that could
have an adverse effect on our business, including the elimination of all or a
portion of the income tax advantage for annuities and life insurance. If
legislation were enacted to eliminate the tax deferral for annuities, such a
change would have an adverse effect on our ability to sell non-qualified
annuities. Non-qualified annuities are annuities that are not sold to an
individual retirement account or other qualified retirement plan.

     Our life subsidiary is taxed under the life insurance company provisions of
the Code. Provisions in the Code require a portion of the expenses incurred in
selling insurance products to be capitalized and deducted over a period of
years, as opposed to immediate deduction in the year incurred. This provision
increases the tax for statutory accounting purposes which reduces statutory
surplus and, accordingly, decreases the amount of cash dividends that may be
paid by our life subsidiary.

EMPLOYEES

     As of December 31, 2000, we had 120 full-time employees, of which 110 are
located in West Des Moines, Iowa, and 10 are located in the Pell City, Alabama
offices. We have experienced no work stoppages or strikes and consider our
relations with our employees to be excellent. None of our employees are
represented by a union.

                                  Page 9 of 24
<PAGE>

OTHER SUBSIDIARIES

     We formed American Equity Investment Properties, L.C., an Iowa limited
liability company to hold title to an office building in Birmingham, Alabama,
where a portion of our life subsidiary's operations were conducted. The building
was sold in 1998, and American Equity Investment Properties, L.C. now holds the
remaining cash proceeds from the sale of the building. There are no present
plans to dissolve American Equity Investment Properties, L.C., which may be used
in the future to facilitate other aspects of our business.

     On February 16, 1998, we formed American Equity Capital, Inc., an Iowa
corporation, in connection with the introduction of variable products as a part
of our product mix. American Equity Capital, Inc. acts as the broker-dealer for
the sale of our variable products and will recruit other broker-dealers to
establish a distribution network for this product.

     On July 9, 1999, we formed American Equity Capital Trust I, a Delaware
statutory business trust. On October 25, 1999, we formed American Equity Capital
Trust II, a Delaware statutory business trust. We formed these trusts in
connection with the issuance of two issues of trust preferred securities. See
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations and Note 9 of the Notes to the Audited Consolidated Financial
Statements included elsewhere in this report.

ITEM 2.  PROPERTIES.

     We do not own any real estate. We lease space for our principal offices in
West Des Moines, Iowa, pursuant to written leases for approximately 32,120
square feet at an annual rental of $480,588. The leases expire on June 30, 2004
and have a renewal option of an additional five year term at a rental rate equal
to the prevailing fair market value. We also lease space for our office in Pell
City, Alabama, pursuant to a written lease dated January 3, 2000, for
approximately 3,380 square feet at an annual rental of $43,095. This lease
expires on December 31, 2004.

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

     None.

ITEM 4.  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

     None.

                                     PART II

ITEM 5.  MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

     There is no established public trading market for our common stock. As of
February 28, 2001, we had 320 common shareholders.

     In 2000, we paid a cash dividend of $0.01 per share on our common stock and
participating convertible preferred stock. We intend to continue to pay an
annual cash dividend on such shares so long as we have sufficient capital and/or
future earnings to do so. However, we anticipate retaining most of our future
earnings, if any, for use in our operations and the expansion of our business.

     Our credit agreement contains a restrictive covenant which limits our
ability to declare or pay any dividends. In addition, since we are a holding
company, our ability to pay cash dividends depends in large measure on our
subsidiaries' ability to make distributions of cash or property to us. Iowa
insurance laws restrict the amount of distributions our life subsidiary can pay
to us without the approval of the Iowa

                                 Page 10 of 24
<PAGE>

Insurance Division. See Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations and Notes 7 and 11 of the Notes to the
Audited Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report.

     Any further determination as to dividend policy will be made by our board
of directors and will depend on a number of factors, including our future
earnings, capital requirements, financial condition and future prospects and
such other factors as our board of directors may deem relevant.

     For information regarding unregistered sales of equity securities during
2000, see our Form 10-Qs for the quarters ending March 31, 2000, June 30, 2000,
and September 30, 2000.

                                 Page 11 of 24
<PAGE>


ITEM 6.  SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA

     The following selected consolidated financial data as of and for the
periods indicated should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial
statements and related notes and Management's Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations appearing elsewhere in this
report.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                             YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31
                                                       2000           1999            1998           1997           1996
                                                       ----           ----            ----           ----           ----
                                                              (Dollars in thousands, except per share data)

<S>                                                <C>            <C>         <C>            <C>                  <C>
STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS DATA:

Revenues

 Insurance policy income......................        $19,372        $13,746         $11,170        $11,436        $14,555

 Net investment income........................         89,477         64,610          26,357          4,019            865

 Realized gains on investments................          5,766          1,454             427              -              -
                                                   ----------     ----------  --------------    -----------      ---------

      Total revenues..........................        114,615         79,810          37,954         15,455         15,420



Benefits and expenses

 Insurance policy benefits and change in
      future policy benefits .................          8,728          7,232           6,085          7,440          8,788

 Interest credited to account balances........         56,529         41,727          15,838          2,129             78

 Interest expense on notes payable............          2,339            896             789            980            494

 Interest expense on General Agency
      Commission and Servicing
      Agreement...............................          5,958          3,861           1,652            183              -

 Interest expense on amounts due under
      repurchase agreements...................          3,267          3,491           1,529            292              -

 Amortization of deferred policy
      acquisition costs and value of
      insurance in force acquired.............          8,806          7,379           2,294            960            880

 Other operating costs and expenses...........         14,370         12,129           8,763          8,231          6,319
                                                   ----------     ----------  --------------    -----------      ---------

      Total benefits and expenses.............         99,997         76,715          36,950         20,215         16,559
                                                   ----------     ----------  --------------    -----------      ---------



Income (loss) before income taxes.............         14,618          3,095           1,004        (4,760)         (1,139)

Income tax (expense) benefit..................         (2,385)         1,370            (760)         1,391              -
                                                   ----------     ----------  --------------    -----------      ---------
                                                       12,233          4,465             244         (3,369)        (1,139)

Minority interest in earnings of subsidiaries:

        Earnings attributable to
        company-obligated
        mandatorily redeemable preferred
        securities of subsidiary trusts               (7,449)         (2,022)              -              -              -
                                                   ----------     ----------  --------------    -----------     ----------
Net income (loss).............................        $ 4,784        $ 2,443         $   244       $ (3,369)      $ (1,139)
                                                   ==========     ==========  ==============    ===========     ==========


PER SHARE DATA:

Basic earnings (loss) per common share .......        $  0.33        $  0.17        $   0.02       $ (0.70)       $ (0.63)

Diluted earnings (loss) per common share......           0.26           0.14            0.02         (0.70)         (0.63)

Dividends declared per common share                      0.01           0.01               -              -              -



BALANCE SHEET DATA (at period end):

Total assets..................................     $2,528,126     $1,717,619       $ 708,110      $ 239,711        $35,215

Policy benefit reserves.......................      2,099,915      1,358,876         541,082        155,998         11,847


Notes payable.................................         44,000         20,600          10,000         10,000         10,000


Amounts due to related party under General
      Commission and Servicing Agreement......         76,028         62,119          27,536         11,278              -

Trust preferred securities issued by
      subsidiary trusts.......................         99,503         98,982               -              -              -

Stockholders' equity..........................         58,652         34,324          66,131         54,427         10,137


OTHER FINANCIAL DATA:

Life subsidiary statutory capital and surplus
 at December 31...............................       $145,048       $139,855  $       80,948  $      64,710        $17,302

Life subsidiary statutory net income for the
 year ended December 31.......................         10,420         17,837           4,804          4,470          1,175

</TABLE>

On June 30, 2000, the Company effected a three-for-one stock split. All of the
above amounts have been adjusted to reflect the split on a retroactive basis.


                                 Page 12 of 24
<PAGE>

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
     OF OPERATIONS

     Management's discussion and analysis reviews our consolidated financial
position at December 31, 2000 and 1999, and our consolidated results of
operations for the three years ended December 31, 2000, and where appropriate,
factors that may affect future financial performance. This analysis should be
read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements, notes
thereto and selected consolidated financial data appearing elsewhere in this
report.

     All statements, trend analyses and other information contained in this
report and elsewhere (such as in filings by us with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, press releases, presentations by us or our management or oral
statements) relative to markets for our products and trends in our operations or
financial results, as well as other statements including words such as
"anticipate," "believe," "plan," "estimate," "expect," "intend," and other
similar expressions, constitute forward-looking statements under the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are
subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may
cause actual results to be materially different from those contemplated by the
forward-looking statements. Such factors include, among other things:

     o    general economic conditions and other factors, including prevailing
          interest rate levels and stock and credit market performance which may
          affect (among other things) our ability to sell our products, our
          ability to access capital resources and the costs associated
          therewith, the market value of our investments and the lapse rate and
          profitability of policies

     o    customer response to new products and marketing initiatives

     o    mortality and other factors which may affect the profitability of our
          products

     o    changes in the Federal income tax laws and regulations which may
          affect the relative income tax advantages of our products

     o    increasing competition in the sale of annuities

     o    regulatory changes or actions, including those relating to regulation
          of financial services affecting (among other things) bank sales and
          underwriting of insurance products and regulation of the sale,
          underwriting and pricing of products

     o    the risk factors or uncertainties listed from time to time in our
          private placement memorandums or filings with the Securities and
          Exchange Commission

     On June 30, 2000, the Company effected a three-for-one stock split. All
amounts contained within management's discussion and analysis have been adjusted
to reflect the split on a retroactive basis.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

     BUSINESS OVERVIEW. We commenced business on January 1, 1996, shortly after
our formation and incorporation. As a foundation for beginning our business, we
acquired two blocks of in-force insurance from another insurance company, of
which several of our executive officers were previously employees. Later in
1996, we acquired another life insurance company with no in-force insurance
which expanded our licensing authority to sell insurance and annuities to 23
states and the District of Columbia. Since then, we have expanded our licensing
to 43 states and the District of Columbia.

                                 Page 13 of 24
<PAGE>

     We specialize in the sale of individual annuities (primarily deferred
annuities) and, to a lesser extent, we also sell life insurance. Under
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, premium
collections for deferred annuities are reported as deposit liabilities instead
of as revenues. Earnings from products accounted for as deposit liabilities are
primarily generated from the excess of net investment income earned over the
interest credited to the policyholder, or the "investment spread," as well as
realized gains on investments. In the case of equity-index annuities, the
investment spread consists of net investment income in excess of the
amortization of the cost of the options purchased to fund the index-based
component of the policyholder's return. Revenue is also recognized from
surrender charges deducted from the policyholder's account balance.

     Commissions and certain other costs relating to the production of new and
renewal business are not expensed when incurred but instead are capitalized as
deferred policy acquisition costs. Deferred policy acquisition costs for
annuities are amortized into expense with the emergence of gross profits. Under
certain circumstances, deferred policy acquisition costs will be expensed
earlier than originally estimated, for example, when policy terminations are
higher than originally estimated and when investments relating to the
liabilities of such products are called or sold at a gain prior to anticipated
maturity.

     We had net income of $4,784,000 for the year ended December 31, 2000,
compared to net income of $2,443,000 in 1999 and $244,000 in 1998. The trend in
net income is a direct result of the continued growth in our annuity business
which began to accelerate in the third quarter of 1997. Annuity reserves grew
from $146,311,000 at December 31, 1997 to $529,765,000 at December 31, 1998,
$1,342,256,000 at December 31, 1999 and $2,076,731,000 at December 31, 2000. New
annuity deposits for the year ended December 31, 2000 increased 4% to
$840,510,000, compared to $814,605,000 for 1999. The 1999 amount represented a
116% increase over the 1998 amount of $377,917,000. The increased annuity
production is a direct result of the growth in our agency force, which increased
from approximately 4,450 agents at December 31, 1997, to 10,525 agents at
December 31, 1998, 18,000 agents at December 31, 1999 and 22,000 agents at
December 31, 2000.

     The growth in our annuity business resulted in a sizeable increase in our
earnings from invested assets for 2000 and 1999. While certain expenses also
increased as a result of the growth in our annuity business, the incremental
profits from a larger deposit base allowed us to offset a greater portion of our
fixed operating costs and expenses. Our 1999 results also benefitted from a gain
of $1,541,000 on the termination of a total return swap contract. Our 1998
results also benefitted from a gain of $275,000 on the sale of an office
building in Birmingham, Alabama, from which our operations in that location were
previously conducted.

     TRADITIONAL LIFE AND ACCIDENT AND HEALTH INSURANCE PREMIUMS increased 7% to
$11,034,000 in 2000 and decreased 2% to $10,294,000 in 1999 from $10,528,000 in
1998. The majority of our traditional life and accident and health insurance
premiums consist of group policies sold to a limited market. Because our primary
focus is the sale of annuities, we have made no effort to expand sales of these
products to other markets.

     ANNUITY AND SINGLE PREMIUM UNIVERSAL LIFE PRODUCT CHARGES (surrender
charges assessed against policy withdrawals and mortality and expense charges
assessed against single premium universal life policyholder account balances)
increased 142% to $8,338,000 in 2000, and 438% to $3,452,000 in 1999, from
$642,000 in 1998. These increases are principally attributable to the growth in
our annuity business and correspondingly, increases in annuity policy
withdrawals subject to surrender charges. Withdrawals from annuity and single
premium universal life policies were $144,077,000, $60,844,000 and $23,637,000
for 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively.

     NET INVESTMENT INCOME increased 38% to $89,477,000 in 2000 and 145% to
$64,610,000 in 1999 from $26,357,000 in 1998. These increases are principally
attributable to the growth in our annuity business and correspondingly,
increases in our invested assets. Invested assets (amortized cost basis)
increased 33% to $1,995,062,000 at December 31, 2000 and 147% to $1,499,729,000
at December 31, 1999 compared to $607,764,000 at December 31, 1998, while the
effective yield earned on average invested assets was 7.64%, 7.34% and 7.46% for
2000, 1999, and 1998, respectively.

                                 Page 14 of 24
<PAGE>

     REALIZED GAINS ON INVESTMENTS increased 297% to $5,766,000 in 2000 compared
to $1,454,000 in 1999 and $427,000 in 1998. The increase in 2000 is primarily
attributable to an investment program involving the use of total return exchange
agreements. The increase in 1999 was primarily attributable to a gain realized
on the termination of a total return swap contract. In 1998, realized gains
consisted of a gain of $152,000 on the sale of fixed maturity securities and a
gain of $275,000 on the sale of our office building in Alabama.

     TRADITIONAL LIFE AND ACCIDENT AND HEALTH INSURANCE BENEFITS increased 21%
to $8,728,000 in 2000 and 19% to $7,232,000 in 1999 compared to $6,085,000 in
1998. These increases are attributable to an increase in death benefits and
surrenders.

     INTEREST CREDITED TO ANNUITY POLICYHOLDER ACCOUNT BALANCES increased 35% to
$56,529,000 in 2000 and 163% to $41,727,000 in 1999 from $15,838,000 in 1998.
These increases are principally attributable to increases in annuity
liabilities. The amounts are also impacted by changes in the weighted average
crediting rate for our fixed rate annuity liabilities, which, excluding interest
rate bonuses guaranteed for the first year of the annuity contract, was 5.20%,
5.11% and 5.20% at December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively. The weighted
average crediting rate, including interest rate bonuses guaranteed for the first
year of the annuity contract, was 5.99%, 6.51%, and 7.05% at December 31, 2000,
1999 and 1998, respectively.

     INTEREST EXPENSE ON GENERAL AGENCY COMMISSION AND SERVICING AGREEMENT
increased 54% to $5,958,000 in 2000 and 134% to $3,861,000 in 1999 from
$1,652,000 in 1998. These increases are principally attributable to increases in
the amount of commissions paid by our life subsidiary under this Agreement. See
Note 8 to the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in
this report.

     INTEREST EXPENSE ON NOTES PAYABLE increased 161% to $2,339,000 in 2000 and
14% to $896,000 in 1999 from $789,000 in 1998. These increases are attributable
to increases in the outstanding borrowings in the third and fourth quarters of
1999, and throughout 2000. In 2000, the increase was also related to an increase
in the cost of funds, while in 1999 the increase was offset in part by a
decrease in the average applicable interest rate. The applicable interest rate
was 7.99%, 7.56% and 8.09% for 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively.

     INTEREST EXPENSE ON AMOUNTS DUE UNDER REPURCHASE AGREEMENTS decreased 6% to
$3,267,000 in 2000 and increased 128% to $3,491,000 in 1999 from $1,529,000 in
1998. In 2000, this change was principally attributable to lower average
balances of funds, offset in part by higher average costs of funds. In 1999,
this change was principally attributable to larger average balances of funds
borrowed, offset in part by lower average costs of funds in 1999. See Note 7 of
the Notes to the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in
this report.

     AMORTIZATION OF DEFERRED POLICY ACQUISITION COSTS AND VALUE OF INSURANCE IN
FORCE ACQUIRED increased 19% to $8,806,000 in 2000 and 222% to $7,379,000 in
1999 from $2,294,000 in 1998. These increases are primarily due to the growth in
our annuity business as discussed above.

     OTHER OPERATING COSTS AND EXPENSES increased 18% to $14,370,000 in 2000 and
38% to $12,129,000 in 1999 from $8,763,000 in 1998. These increases are
principally attributable to increases in marketing expenses, employees and
related salaries and costs of employment.

     INCOME TAX EXPENSE for 2000 was an expense of $2,385,000 compared to a
benefit of $1,370,000 in 1999, and an expense of $760,000 in 1998. Our effective
tax rates for 2000, 1999 and 1998 were 33%, 16% and 36%, respectively, excluding
the impact in 1999 of the elimination of a valuation allowance of $1,537,000 on
deferred income tax assets. See Note 6 of the Notes to the Audited Consolidated
Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report. These effective income
tax rates varied from the applicable statutory federal income tax rates of 35%
for 2000 and 1999 and 34% for 1998 principally due to: (i) the impact of state
taxes on the federal income tax expense; (ii) in 1999, adjustment of the
December 31, 1998 net deferred tax assets to the 35% rate; and (iii) in 1998,
certain nondeductible expenses.

                                 Page 15 of 24
<PAGE>

     MINORITY INTEREST IN EARNINGS OF SUBSIDIARIES includes amounts for
distributions and the accretion of the issue discount on company-obligated
mandatorily redeemable preferred stocks of subsidiary trusts issued in 1999. Tax
benefits attributable to these amounts are reported as a reduction of income tax
expense. See Note 9 of the Notes to the Audited Consolidated Financial
Statements included elsewhere in this report.

FINANCIAL CONDITION

     INVESTMENTS. Our investment strategy is to maintain a predominantly
investment grade fixed income portfolio, provide adequate liquidity to meet our
cash obligations to policyholders and others and maximize current income and
total investment return through active investment management. Consistent with
this strategy, our investments principally consist of fixed maturity securities
and short-term investments. We also have approximately 2% of our invested assets
at December 31, 2000 in derivative instruments (equity market index call
options) purchased in connection with the issuance of equity-index annuities.

     Insurance statutes regulate the type of investments that our life
subsidiary is permitted to make and limit the amount of funds that may be used
for any one type of investment. In light of these statutes and regulations and
our business and investment strategy, we generally seek to invest in United
States government and government-agency securities and corporate securities
rated investment grade by established nationally recognized rating organizations
or in securities of comparable investment quality, if not rated.

     We have classified a substantial portion of our fixed maturity investments
as available-for-sale to maximize investment flexibility. Available-for-sale
securities are reported at market value and unrealized gains and losses, if any,
on these securities are included directly in a separate component of
stockholders' equity, thereby exposing stockholders' equity to incremental
volatility due to changes in market interest rates and the accompanying changes
in the reported value of securities classified as available-for-sale, with
stockholders' equity increasing as interest rates decline and, conversely,
decreasing as interest rates rise.

     LIABILITIES. Our liability for policy benefit reserves increased
$741,039,000 and $817,794,000 during 2000 and 1999, respectively, to
$2,099,915,000 at December 31, 2000 and $1,358,876,000 at December 31, 2000,
primarily due to annuity sales as discussed above. Substantially all of our
annuity products have a surrender charge feature designed to reduce early
withdrawal or surrender of the policies and to partially compensate us for our
costs if policies are withdrawn early. Notwithstanding these policy features,
the withdrawal rates of policyholder funds may be affected by changes in
interest rates.

     On October 18, 1996, we borrowed $10,000,000 from two banks under a
variable rate revolving credit agreement. Proceeds from the borrowing were
contributed to the capital and surplus of our life subsidiary ($6,000,000) and
used to refinance indebtedness we incurred to capitalize our life subsidiary at
the time of its formation ($4,000,000). During 1999, this line of credit was
increased to permit maximum borrowings of $25,000,000, and we borrowed an
additional $10,600,000, bringing our liability for notes payable to $20,600,000
at December 31, 1999. During 2000, the maximum borrowing level was increased to
$50,000,000, and the Company borrowed an additional $23,400,000. We loaned the
proceeds of the 1999 borrowings to American Equity Investment Service Company
(see discussion that follows under LIQUIDITY OF PARENT COMPANY). The loan
matures on March 31, 2001 with an option for a four year extension as a term
loan. Under this agreement, we are required to maintain minimum capital and
surplus levels at our life subsidiary and meet certain other financial and
operating ratio requirements. We are also prohibited from incurring other
indebtedness for borrowed money without obtaining a waiver from the lenders and
from paying dividends on our capital stock in excess of 10% of our consolidated
net income for the prior fiscal year (except that in 1999 we were permitted to
make a dividend payment equal to 44% of our consolidated net income for 1998).

     STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY. We were initially capitalized in December, 1995 and
January, 1996 through the issuance of shares of Common Stock for cash of
$4,000,000. Subsequent to our initial capitalization (400,000


                                 Page 16 of 24
<PAGE>

shares of Common Stock after a May 29, 1996 100-for-1 stock split), we issued
additional shares of Common Stock, warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock
and shares of Series Preferred Stock convertible into shares of Common Stock in
several private placement offerings as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                         Number Issued                  Warrant
                                              ---------------------------------         Exercise
      Description                Issue Price       Shares       Warrants                 Price
-------------------------------  -----------  --------------  -----------------  --------------------
<S>                                <C>             <C>                  <C>                <C>
Common Stock & Warrants            $    3.33       2,340,000            468,000            $   3.33

            1996                        3.33          11,994              2,394                3.33

            1997                        3.33           9,000              1,800                3.33
                                                   ---------          ---------
            1998(1)                                2,360,994            472,194(2)


             1997                       4.00       1,711,248             342249(3)             4.00

                                                        --               204750(4)             4.00
                                                   ---------          ---------
                                                   1,711,248            546,999


Common Stock - 1997                     5.33       7,998,248


1998 Series A Participating
    Preferred Stock                    16.00         625,000

</TABLE>

     (1) issued to the placement agent in payment of a portion of the
     compensation due to the placement agent
     (2) exercised during 1998
     (3) exercised during 1999
     (4) issued to the placement agent as part of placement agent compensation;
     170,625 exercised in 2000, and the remaining 4,125 expire on April 30,
     2002.

     The aggregate net proceeds from these offerings, including proceeds
received from the exercise of warrants, was $65,699,000, substantially all of
which were contributed to the capital and surplus of our life subsidiary or used
to fund the acquisition of the life insurance company acquired in 1996.

     A portion of the 7,998,750 shares of Common Stock issued in 1997 at $5.33
per share were issued in a rights offering to existing stockholders and in
connection therewith, certain of our officers and directors received management
subscription rights to purchase one share of Common Stock for each share owned
and one-half share of Common Stock for each stock option held on the offering
date. An aggregate of 2,157,375 management subscription rights were issued to
nine officers and directors at that time. The management subscription rights
have an exercise price of $5.33 per share and expire on December 1, 2002. Farm
Bureau Life Insurance Company purchased 4,687,500 shares of Common Stock in this
offering and received a right of first refusal to maintain a 20% ownership
interest in our capital stock.

     The 625,000 shares of 1998 Series A Participating Preferred Stock issued in
1998 have participating dividend rights with the shares of Common Stock, when
and as such dividends are declared. The preferred shares are convertible into
shares of Common Stock on a three for one basis upon the earlier of the initial
public offering of our Common Stock or December 31, 2003.


     In September, 1999, American Equity Capital Trust I ("Trust I"), our
wholly-owned subsidiary, issued $25,970,000 of 8% Convertible Trust Preferred
Securities (the "8% Trust Preferred Securities"). In connection with Trust I's
issuance of the 8% Trust Preferred Securities and the related purchase by us of
all of Trust I's common securities, we issued $26,773,000 in principal amount of
our 8% Convertible Junior Subordinated Debentures, due September 30, 2029 (the
"8% Debentures") to Trust I. The sole assets of Trust I are the 8% Debentures
and any interest accrued thereon. Each 8% Trust Preferred Security is
convertible into one share of

                                Page 17 of 24
<PAGE>

our common stock at a conversion price equal to the lesser of (i) $30 per share
or (ii) 90% of the initial price per share to the public of common stock sold in
connection with our initial public offering of such common stock (the "IPO"),
upon the earlier of the 91st day following the IPO or September 30, 2002. The
interest payment dates on the 8% Debentures correspond to the distribution dates
on the 8% Trust Preferred Securities.

     The 8% Trust Preferred Securities, which have a liquidation value of $30
per share plus accrued and unpaid distributions, mature simultaneously with the
8% Debentures. As of December 31, 1999, 865,671.33 shares of 8% Trust Preferred
Securities were outstanding, all of which are unconditionally guaranteed by us
to the extent of the assets of Trust I.

     In October, 1999, American Equity Capital Trust II ("Trust II"), our
wholly-owned subsidiary, issued 97,000 shares of 5% Trust Preferred Securities
(the "5% Trust Preferred Securities"). The 5% Trust Preferred Securities, which
have a liquidation value of $100 per share ($97,000,000 in the aggregate) have
been assigned a fair value of $72,490,000 (based upon an effective 7%
yield-to-maturity). The consideration received by Trust II in connection with
the issuance of the 5% Trust Preferred Securities consisted of fixed income
trust preferred securities of equal value which were issued by the parent of
Farm Bureau Life insurance Company. Farm Bureau beneficially owns 32.26% of our
common stock.

     In connection with Trust II's issuance of the 5% Preferred Securities and
the related purchase by us of all of Trust II's common securities, we issued
$100,000,000 in principal amount of our 5% Subordinated Debentures, due June 1,
2047 (the "5% Debentures") to Trust II. The sole assets of Trust II are the 5%
Debentures and any interest accrued thereon. The interest payment dates on the
5% Debentures correspond to the distribution dates on the 5% Trust Preferred
Securities. The 5% Trust Preferred Securities mature simultaneously with the 5%
Debentures. All of the 5% Trust Preferred Securities are unconditionally
guaranteed by us to the extent of the assets of Trust II.

     LIQUIDITY FOR INSURANCE OPERATIONS. Our life subsidiary generally receives
adequate cash flow from premium collections and investment income to meet its
obligations. Annuity and life insurance liabilities are generally long-term in
nature. Policyholders may, however, withdraw funds or surrender their policies,
subject to surrender and withdrawal penalty provisions. At December 31, 2000,
approximately 99% of our annuity liabilities were subject to penalty upon
surrender.

     We believe that the diversity of our investment portfolio and the
concentration of investments in high-quality, liquid securities provides
sufficient liquidity to meet foreseeable cash requirements. The investment
portfolio at December 31, 2000 included $1,474,560,000 of publicly traded
investment grade bonds. Although there is no present need or intent to dispose
of such investments, our life subsidiary could readily liquidate portions of its
investments, if such a need arose. In addition, investments could be used to
facilitate borrowings under reverse-repurchase agreements or dollar-roll
transactions. Such borrowings have been used by our life subsidiary from time to
time to increase our return on investments and to improve liquidity.

     Effective January 1, 2001, our life subsidiary entered into a reinsurance
transaction which includes a coinsurance segment on a 2% quota share basis and
yearly renewable term segment reinsuring a portion of death benefits payable on
annuities produced after January 1, 2001.

                                 Page 18 of 24
<PAGE>

     LIQUIDITY OF PARENT COMPANY. The parent company is a legal entity separate
and distinct from its subsidiaries, and has no business operations. The parent
company needs liquidity primarily to service its debt, including the
subordinated debentures issued to subsidiary trusts, pay operating expenses and
pay dividends to stockholders. The primary sources of funds for these payments
are: (i) interest received on trust preferred securities received in connection
with the issuance of the 5% Trust Preferred Securities; (ii) principal and
interest payments received on the parent company's note receivable from American
Equity Investment Service Company (see discussion that follows); (iii) dividends
on capital stock and surplus note interest payments from our life subsidiary;
(iv) cash on hand ($4,779,000 at December 31, 2000); and (v) cash ($213,000 at
December 31, 2000) that may be distributed by the American Equity Investment
Properties, L.C. which holds the remaining cash proceeds from the sale of the
office building in Birmingham, Alabama that was sold in 1998. The parent company
may also obtain cash by issuing debt or equity securities.

     The payment of dividends or the distributions, including surplus note
payments, by our life subsidiary is subject to regulation by the Iowa Insurance
Division. Currently, our life subsidiary may pay dividends or make other
distributions without the prior approval of the Iowa Insurance Division, unless
such payments, together with all other such payments within the preceding twelve
months, exceed the greater of (1) our life subsidiary's net gain from operations
(excluding net realized capital gains or losses) for the preceding calendar
year, or (2) 10% of our statutory surplus at the preceding December 31. For
2000, up to $14,505,000 can be distributed as dividends or surplus note payments
without prior approval of the Iowa Insurance Division. In addition, dividends
and surplus note payments may be made only out of earned surplus, and all
surplus note payments are subject to prior approval by regulatory authorities.
Our life subsidiary had $21,534,000 of earned surplus at December 31, 2000.

     The maximum distribution permitted by law or contract is not necessarily
indicative of an insurer's actual ability to pay such distributions, which may
be constrained by business and regulatory considerations, such as the impact of
such distributions on surplus, which could affect the insurer's ratings or
competitive position, the amount of premiums that can be written and the ability
to pay future dividends or make other distributions. Further, the Iowa insurance
laws and regulations require that the statutory surplus of our life subsidiary
following any dividend or distribution must be reasonable in relation to our
outstanding liabilities and adequate for its financial needs.

     The transfer of funds by our life subsidiary is also restricted by
certain covenants in our loan agreement which, among other things, requires
the life subsidiary to maintain statutory capital and surplus (including the
asset valuation and interest maintenance reserves) of $140,000,000 plus 25%
of statutory net income for periods subsequent to December 31, 2000. Under
the most restrictive of these limitations, $605,000 of earned surplus at
December 31, 2000 would be available for distribution by our life subsidiary
to the parent company in the form of dividends or other distributions.

     Statutory accounting practices prescribed or permitted for our life
subsidiary differ in many respects from those governing the preparation of
financial statements under accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States ("GAAP"). Accordingly, statutory operating results and statutory
capital and surplus may differ substantially from amounts reported in the GAAP
basis financial statements for comparable items. Information as to statutory
capital and surplus and statutory net income for our life subsidiary as of
December 31, 2000 and 1999 and for the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and
1998 is included in Note 11 of the Notes to Audited Consolidated Financial
Statements included elsewhere in this report.

     Our life subsidiary has entered into a general agency commission and
servicing agreement with American Equity Investment Service Company, an
affiliated company wholly-owned by the Company's chairman and president, whereby
the affiliate acts as a national supervisory agent with responsibility for
paying commissions to the Company's agents. This agreement initially benefits
the life subsidiary's statutory surplus by extending the payment of a portion of
the first year commissions on new annuity business written by the life
subsidiary over a
                                 Page 19 of 24
<PAGE>

longer period of time, and thereby enabling the life subsidiary to conduct a
comparatively greater volume of business. In subsequent periods, the life
subsidiary's statutory surplus is reduced through the payment of renewal
commissions to the affiliate on this business based upon the account balances of
the annuities remaining in force for a period of five years (see Note 8 of the
Notes to the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in
this report).

     During the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998, the Service
Company paid $28,400,000, $37,723,000, and $19,933,000, respectively, to agents
of the Company. The Company paid renewal commissions to the Service Company of
$20,449,000, $7,001,000, and $5,328,000, respectively.

     During 1999, the parent company agreed to loan the affiliate up to
$50,000,000 as the source of funds for the affiliate portion of first year
commissions and had advanced $41,565,000 through December 31, 2000 pursuant to
the promissory note evidencing this agreement. Principal and interest are
payable quarterly over five years from the date of the advance. The principal
source of funds for us to advance funds to the affiliate is our bank line of
credit, of which $6,000,000 was available for borrowing at December 31, 2000.

     Future payments by the life subsidiary on business in force at December 31,
2000 are dependent upon the account balances of the annuities remaining in force
on each remaining quarterly renewal commission payment date. Estimated future
renewal commission payments by the life subsidiary would be: $31,229,000 for
2001; $22,229,000 for 2002; $20,651,000 for 2003; and $14,451,000 for 2004.

INFLATION

     Inflation does not have a significant effect on our balance sheet; we have
minimal investments in property, equipment or inventories. To the extent that
interest rates may change to reflect inflation or inflation expectations, there
would be an effect on our balance sheet and operations. Higher interest rates
experienced in recent periods have decreased the value of our fixed maturity
investments. It is likely that declining interest rates would have the opposite
effect. It is not possible to calculate the effect such changes in interest
rates, if any, have had on our operating results.

PENDING ACCOUNTING CHANGE

     In June 1998, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Statement No.
133, "Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities." Statement
No. 133 requires companies to record derivatives on the balance sheet as assets
or liabilities, measured at fair value. Accounting for gains or losses resulting
from changes in the values of those derivatives is dependent on the use of the
derivative and whether it qualifies for hedge accounting. The Company issues
equity-indexed annuity products, whose product characteristics include embedded
derivatives. The Company also purchases options on the equity market indexes
applicable to these products to fund the liabilities classified as embedded
derivatives. These items will be affected by SFAS No. 133. The Statement is
effective for the Company for all financial statements filed subsequent to
December 31, 2000. Because various insurance-related issues were not decided by
the FASB and the Derivative Implementations Group until late 2000, the Company
has not yet determined the ultimate impact that this new Statement will have on
its operations or financial position.

ITEM 7A.  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

     We seek to invest our available funds in a manner that will maximize
shareholder value and fund future obligations to policyholders and debtors,
subject to appropriate risk considerations. We seek to meet this objective
through investments that: (i) consist predominately of investment grade fixed
maturity securities of very high credit quality; (ii) have projected returns
which satisfy our spread targets; and (iii) have characteristics which support


                                 Page 20 of 24
<PAGE>

the underlying liabilities. Many of our products incorporate surrender charges,
market interest rate adjustments or other features to encourage persistency.

     We seek to maximize the total return on our held-for-sale investments
through active investment management. Accordingly, we have determined that our
held-for-sale portfolio of fixed maturity securities is available to be sold in
response to: (i) changes in market interest rates; (ii) changes in relative
values of individual securities and asset sectors; (iii) changes in prepayment
risks; (iv) changes in credit quality outlook for certain securities; (v)
liquidity needs; and (vi) other factors.

     We have a portfolio of held for investment securities which consists
principally of zero coupon bonds issued by U.S. government agencies. These
securities are purchased to secure long-term yields which meet our spread
targets and support the underlying liabilities.

     Interest rate risk is our primary market risk exposure. Substantial and
sustained increases and decreases in market interest rates can affect the
profitability of our products and the market value of our investments.

     The profitability of most of our products depends on the spreads between
interest yield on investments and rates credited on insurance liabilities. We
have the ability to adjust crediting rates (participation or asset fee rates for
equity-index annuities) on substantially all of our annuity policies at least
annually (subject to minimum guaranteed values). In addition, substantially all
of our annuity products have surrender and withdrawal penalty provisions
designed to encourage persistency and to help ensure targeted spreads are
earned. However, competitive factors, including the impact of the level of
surrenders and withdrawals, may limit our ability to adjust or maintain
crediting rates at levels necessary to avoid narrowing of spreads under certain
market conditions.

     A major component of our interest rate risk management program is
structuring the investment portfolio with cash flow characteristics consistent
with the cash flow characteristics of our insurance liabilities. We use computer
models to simulate cash flows expected from our existing business under various
interest rate scenarios. These simulations enable us to measure the potential
gain or loss in fair value of our interest rate-sensitive financial instruments,
to evaluate the adequacy of expected cash flows from our assets to meet the
expected cash requirements of our liabilities and to determine if it is
necessary to lengthen or shorten the average life and duration of our investment
portfolio. (The "duration" of a security is the time weighted present value of
the security's expected cash flows and is used to measure a security's
sensitivity to changes in interest rates). When the durations of assets and
liabilities are similar, exposure to interest rate risk is minimized because a
change in value of assets should be largely offset by a change in the value of
liabilities. At December 31, 2000, the effective duration of our fixed maturity
securities and short-term investments was approximately 7.8 years and the
estimated duration of our insurance liabilities was approximately 8.1 years.

     If interest rates were to increase 10% from levels at December 31, 2000, we
estimate that the fair value of our fixed maturity securities, net of
corresponding changes in the values of deferred policy acquisition costs and
insurance in force acquired would decrease by approximately $73,360,000. The
computer models used to estimate the impact of a 10% change in market interest
rates incorporate numerous assumptions, require significant estimates and assume
an immediate and parallel change in interest rates without any management of the
investment portfolio in reaction to such change. Consequently, potential changes
in value of our financial instruments indicated by the simulations will likely
be different from the actual changes experienced under given interest rate
scenarios, and the differences may be material. Because we actively manage our
investments and liabilities, our net exposure to interest rates can vary over
time.

     Our investments in equity index call options are closely matched with our
obligations to equity-indexed annuity holders. Market value changes associated
with those investments are substantially offset by an increase or decrease in
the amounts added to policyholder account balances for equity-indexed products.

                                 Page 21 of 24
<PAGE>

     As a part of our asset-liability management activities, we from time to
time purchase financial futures instruments and total return exchange
agreements, although such investments account for a relatively small portion of
our total portfolio. These derivative securities are based upon U.S. Treasury or
agency obligations as the underlying reference securities. Financial futures
contracts are commitments to either purchase or sell a financial instrument at a
specific future date for a specified price and may be settled in cash or through
delivery of the financial instrument. Total return exchange agreements generally
involve the exchange of the total return or yield on a referenced security for a
specified interest rate.

     If a financial futures contract used to manage interest rate risk is
terminated early or results in payments based on the change in value of the
underlying asset, any resulting gain or loss is deferred and amortized as an
adjustment to the yield of the designated asset over its remaining life as long
as the transaction qualifies for hedge accounting. The effectiveness of the
hedge is measured by a historical and probably future high correlation of
changes in the fair value of the hedging instruments with changes in value of
the hedged item. If correlation ceases to exist, hedge accounting will be
terminated and gains or losses recorded in income. To date, high correlation has
been achieved. Deferred gains (losses) totaling ($2,276,000) and $4,970,000 for
2000 and 1999, respectively, are included in held for investment fixed
maturities and will be amortized as an adjustment to interest income over the
life of the hedged instrument.

     For total return exchange agreements, the differential of the total return
yield or interest to be paid or received on a settlement date is recognized as
an adjustment to investment income. If a total return swap agreement is
terminated early any resulting gain or loss is recognized as realized gain or
loss. In 2000, the Company recognized net investment expense of $10,583,000
related to payments made on settlement dates, and realized a gain of $7,177,000
on the termination of one total return swap agreement.

     There are no financial futures or total return swaps outstanding at
December 31, 2000.

ITEM 8.  CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA.

     The financial statements are included as a part of this report on Form 10-K
on pages F-1 through F-32.

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and
     Financial Disclosure

     None.

                                    PART III

     The information required by Part III is incorporated by reference from our
definitive proxy statement to be filed with the Commission pursuant to
Regulation 14A within 120 days after December 31, 2000.

                                     PART IV

ITEM 14.  EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES, AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS and FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. See Index to
Consolidated Financial Statements on page F-1 for a list of financial statements
and financial statement schedules included in this report.

     All other schedules to the consolidated financial statements required by
Article 7 of Regulation S-X are omitted because they are not applicable, not
required, or because the information is included elsewhere in the consolidated
financial statements or notes thereto.

     EXHIBITS. See Exhibit Index immediately preceding the Exhibits for a list
of Exhibits filed with this report.

     REPORTS ON FORM 8-K. No reports on Form 8-K were filed during the quarter
ended December 31, 2000.

                                 Page 22 of 24
<PAGE>

                                   SIGNATURES

     Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, this 19th day of
March, 2001.

                           AMERICAN EQUITY INVESTMENT
                              LIFE HOLDING COMPANY

                           By:   /s/D.J. NOBLE
                                -------------------
                                    D.J. Noble, President

     Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this
registration statement has been signed below by the following persons on behalf
of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
SIGNATURE                       TITLE (CAPACITY)                                        DATE
---------                       ----------------                                        ----

<S>                             <C>                                                <C>
/s/D.J. NOBLE                   Chairman of the Board and President,                March 19, 2001
-------------                   (Principal Executive Officer)
D.J. Noble

/s/WENDY L. CARLSON             Chief Financial Officer and General Counsel
-------------------             (Principal Financial Officer)                       March 19, 2001
Wendy L. Carlson

/s/TERRY A. REIMER              Chief Operating Officer and
------------------              Executive Vice President                            March 19, 2001
Terry A. Reimer                 (Principal Accounting Officer)

/s/JAMES M. GERLACH             Director                                            March 19, 2001
-------------------
James M. Gerlach

/s/ROBERT L. HILTON             Director                                            March 19, 2001
-------------------
Robert L. Hilton

/s/ JOHN M. MATOVINA            Director                                            March 19, 2001
--------------------
John M. Matovina

/s/BEN T. MORRIS                Director                                            March 19, 2001
----------------
Ben T. Morris

/s/DAVID S. MULCAHY             Director                                            March 19, 2001
-------------------
David S. Mulcahy

/s/A.J. STRICKLAND, III         Director                                            March 19, 2001
-----------------------
A.J. Strickland, III

/s/HARLEY A. WHITFIELD          Director                                            March 19, 2001
----------------------
Harley A. Whitfield

/s/JOHN C. ANDERSON             Director                                            March 19, 2001
-------------------
John C. Anderson
</TABLE>

                                 Page 23 of 24

<PAGE>



                         American Equity Investment Life
                                 Holding Company

                        Consolidated Financial Statements

                  Years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998

                          Index to Financial Statements

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
<S>                                                                                                  <C>
Report of Independent Auditors.....................................................................     F-2

Audited Consolidated Financial Statements

Consolidated Balance Sheets........................................................................     F-3
Consolidated Statements of Income..................................................................     F-5
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity.........................................     F-6
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows..............................................................     F-8
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements..........................................................    F-11
Schedules

Schedule I - Summary of Investments - Other Than
    Investments in Related Parties..................................................................    F-33
Schedule II - Condensed Financial Information of Registrant
    (Parent Company)................................................................................    F-34
Schedule III - Supplementary Insurance Information.................................................     F-39
Schedule IV - Reinsurance..........................................................................     F-40

</TABLE>



                                      F-1

<PAGE>



                         Report of Independent Auditors

The Board of Directors and Stockholders
American Equity Investment Life Holding Company

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of American Equity
Investment Life Holding Company as of December 31, 2000 and 1999, and the
related consolidated statements of income, changes in stockholders' equity, and
cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2000.
Our audits also included the financial statement schedules listed in the Index
on page F-1. These financial statements and schedules are the responsibility of
the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these
financial statements and schedules based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted
in the United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free
of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit
also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our
opinion.

In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in
all material respects, the consolidated financial position of American Equity
Investment Life Holding Company at December 31, 2000 and 1999, and the
consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three
years in the period ended December 31, 2000, in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States. Also, in our opinion, the
related financial statement schedules, when considered in relation to the basic
financial statements taken as a whole, present fairly in all material respects
the information set forth therein.

                                     /s/   Ernst & Young LLP


Des Moines, Iowa
March 2, 2001



                                      F-2
<PAGE>


                 American Equity Investment Life Holding Company

                           Consolidated Balance Sheets

                  (Dollars in thousands, except per share data)


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                            DECEMBER 31
                                                                                     2000                1999
                                                                                     ----                ----
        <S>                                                                     <C>                <C>
         ASSETS
         Cash and investments:
             Fixed maturity securities:
                Available for sale, at market (amortized cost:
                (2000 - $1,523,376; 1999 - $1,070,465)                          $ 1,474,560          $   997,020
                Held for investment, at amortized cost (market:
                   2000 - $365,023; 1999 - $315,975)                                429,280              398,467
            Equity securities, at market
                 (cost: 2000 - $7,435; 1999 - $8,020)                                 6,671                7,613
         Derivative instruments                                                      34,707               44,210
         Policy loans                                                                   264                  231
         Cash and cash equivalents                                                  175,724                5,882
                                                                                -----------          -----------
         Total cash and investments                                               2,121,206            1,453,423

         Receivable from other insurance companies                                      375                  598
         Premiums due and uncollected                                                 1,256                1,097
         Accrued investment income                                                   21,398               14,183
         Receivables from related parties                                            47,242               18,896
         Property, furniture and equipment, less accumulated
         depreciation: 2000 -  $2,370; 1999 -  $1,632                                 1,032                1,346
         Value of insurance in force acquired                                           520                  752
         Deferred policy acquisition costs                                          289,609              178,800
         Intangibles, less accumulated amortization:
            2000 -  $797; 1999 -  $681                                                2,338                2,238
         Deferred income tax asset                                                   36,052               43,037
         Federal income taxes recoverable                                                 -                1,663
         Other assets                                                                 2,913                1,215
         Assets held in separate account                                              4,185                  371
                                                                                -----------          -----------
         Total assets                                                           $ 2,528,126          $ 1,717,619
                                                                                ===========          ===========
</TABLE>



SEE ACCOMPANYING NOTES.


                                      F-3

<PAGE>


                 American Equity Investment Life Holding Company

                           Consolidated Balance Sheets

                  (Dollars in thousands, except per share data)

                                   (continued)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                          DECEMBER 31
                                                                                  2000                 1999
                                                                                  ----                 ----

        <S>                                                                     <C>               <C>
        LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
        Liabilities:
            Policy benefit reserves:
                Traditional life and accident and health insurance
                 products                                                       $    20,354        $      15,060
                Annuity and single premium universal life products                2,079,561            1,343,816
            Other policy funds and contract claims                                   16,669               11,553
            Provision for experience rating refunds                                     336                  544
            Amounts due to related party under General Agency
                Commission and Servicing Agreement                                   76,028               62,119
            Other amounts due to related parties                                      4,000                    -
            Notes payable                                                            44,000               20,600
            Amounts due under repurchase agreements                                 110,000               86,969
            Amounts due on securities purchased                                           -               29,714
            Federal income taxes payable                                                 50                    -
            Other liabilities                                                        14,788               13,567
            Liabilities related to separate account                                   4,185                  371
                                                                               ------------        -------------
        Total liabilities                                                         2,369,971            1,584,313

        Commitments and contingencies (Note 12)

        Minority interest in subsidiaries:   company-obligated
         mandatorily redeemable preferred securities of
         subsidiary trusts                                                           99,503               98,982

        Stockholders' equity:
            Series Preferred Stock, par value $1 per share, 2,000,000
            shares authorized; 625,000 shares of 1998 Series A
            Participating Preferred Stock issued and outstanding                        625                  625
        Common Stock, par value $1 per share - shares authorized:
            2000 -  75,000,000 and 1999 -  25,000,000; issued and
            outstanding: 2000 -  14,530,242 shares and
            1999 - 4,712,310 shares                                                  14,530                4,712

         Additional paid-in capital                                                  57,577               66,058
         Accumulated other comprehensive loss                                       (16,876)             (35,235)
         Retained earnings (deficit)                                                  2,796               (1,836)
                                                                               ------------        -------------
        Total stockholders' equity                                                   58,652               34,324
                                                                               ------------        -------------
        Total liabilities and stockholders' equity                             $  2,528,126        $   1,717,619
                                                                               ============        =============
</TABLE>







SEE ACCOMPANYING NOTES.



                                      F-4

<PAGE>


                 American Equity Investment Life Holding Company

                        Consolidated Statements of Income

                  (Dollars in thousands, except per share data)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                     YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31
                                                                           2000               1999                1998
                                                                      ----------        ------------            --------
<S>                                                                   <C>              <C>               <C>
 Revenues:
    Traditional life and accident and health
      insurance premiums                                                $ 11,034          $   10,294         $    10,528
    Annuity and single premium universal
      life product charges                                                 8,338               3,452                 642
    Net investment income                                                 89,477              64,610              26,357
    Realized gains on investments                                          5,766               1,454                 427
                                                                      ----------        ------------            --------
 Total revenues                                                          114,615              79,810              37,954

 Benefits and expenses:
    Insurance policy benefits and change
       in future policy benefits                                           8,728               7,232               6,085
    Interest credited to account balances                                 56,529              41,727              15,838
    Interest expense on notes payable                                      2,339                 896                 789
    Interest expense on General Agency
        Commission and Servicing Agreement                                 5,958               3,861               1,652
    Interest expense on amounts due under
       repurchase agreements                                               3,267               3,491               1,529
   Amortization of deferred policy
    acquisition costs and value of
    insurance in force acquired                                            8,806               7,379               2,294
   Other operating costs and expenses                                     14,370              12,129               8,763
                                                                      ----------        ------------            --------
 Total benefits and expenses                                              99,997              76,715              36,950
                                                                      ----------        ------------            --------
 Income before income taxes and minority
   interest in earnings of subsidiaries                                   14,618               3,095               1,004

 Income tax (expense) benefit:
    Current                                                               (5,225)            (14,189)             (5,311)
    Deferred                                                               2,840              15,559               4,551
                                                                      ----------        ------------            --------
                                                                          (2,385)              1,370                (760)
                                                                      ----------        ------------            --------

 Income before minority interest in earnings
    of subsidiaries                                                       12,233               4,465                 244

 Minority interest in earnings of subsidiaries:
   Earnings attributable to company -
   obligated mandatorily redeemable
   preferred securities of subsidiary trusts                              (7,449)             (2,022)                  -
                                                                      ----------        ------------            --------
 Net income                                                           $    4,784        $      2,443            $    244
                                                                      ==========        ============            ========



 Basic earnings per common share                                      $     0.33        $       0.17            $   0.02
                                                                      ==========        ============            ========


 Diluted earnings per common share                                    $     0.26        $       0.14            $   0.02
                                                                      ==========        ============            ========

</TABLE>
SEE ACCOMPANYING NOTES.
                                      F-5


<PAGE>


                 American Equity Investment Life Holding Company

           Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity

                  (Dollars in thousands, except per share data)



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                                     PREFERRED
                                                                                                       STOCK
                                                                                                   -------------

        <S>                                                                                          <C>
          Balance at January 1, 1998                                                                    $      -

            Comprehensive income:
             Net income for year                                                                               -
             Change in net unrealized investment gains/losses                                                  -
            Total comprehensive income
            Issuance of 161,098 shares of common stock, less issuance                                          -
             expenses of $330
            Issuance of 625,000 shares of 1998 Series A Participating
             Preferred Stock, less issuance expenses of $32                                                  625
                                                                                                          ------
          Balance at December 31, 1998                                                                       625
            Comprehensive income (loss):
             Net income for year                                                                               -
             Change in net unrealized investment gains/losses                                                  -
            Total comprehensive loss
            Issuance of 130,348 shares of common stock, less issuance
             expenses of $22                                                                                   -
            Dividends on preferred stock ($.02 per share)                                                      -
            Dividends on common stock ($.02 per share, pre stock split)                                        -
                                                                                                           -----
          Balance at December 31, 1999                                                                       625
            Issuance of 9,424,620 shares of common stock pursuant to 3-for-1 stock split                      -
            Comprehensive income:
             Net income for year                                                                               -
             Change in net unrealized investment gains/losses                                                  -
            Total comprehensive income
            Issuance of 477,687 shares of common stock                                                         -
            Acquisition of 84,375 shares of common stock                                                       -
            Dividends on preferred stock ($0.01 per share)                                                     -
            Dividends on common stock ($0.01 per share)                                                        -
                                                                                                          ------
          Balance at December 31, 2000                                                                  $    625
                                                                                                          ======

</TABLE>



SEE ACCOMPANYING NOTES.


                                      F-6


<PAGE>


                 American Equity Investment Life Holding Company

           Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity

                  (Dollars in thousands, except per share data)

                                   (continued)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                       ACCUMULATED OTHE             RETAINED
                                    ADDITIONAL       COMPREHENSIVE INCOME           EARNINGS    TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS'
                 COMMON STOCK     PAID-IN CAPITAL           (LOSS)                  (DEFICIT)          EQUITY
                 ------------     ---------------     -------------------           --------     ------------------

<S>                            <C>                 <C>                    <C>                 <C>
          $             4,421    $         54,319    $                210   $         (4,523)   $            54,427

                            -                   -                       -                244                    244
                            -                   -                     210                  -                    210
                                                                      ---                                  --------
                                                                                                                454
                          161               1,121                       -                  -                  1,282
                            -               9,343                       -                  -                  9,968
                  -----------           ---------                --------         ----------               ---------
                        4,582              64,783                     420             (4,279)                66,131

                            -                   -                       -              2,443                  2,443
                            -                   -                 (35,655)                 -                (35,655)
                                                                 -------                                   --------
                                                                                                            (33,212)

                          130               1,382                       -                  -                  1,512
                            -                 (13)                      -                  -                    (13)
                            -                 (94)                      -                  -                    (94)
                  -----------           ---------                --------         ----------              ---------
                        4,712              66,058                 (35,235)            (1,836)                34,324
                        9,425              (9,425)                      -                  -                      -

                            -                   -                       -              4,784                  4,784
                            -                   -                  18,359                  -                 18,359
                                                                                                          ---------
                                                                                                             23,143

                          478               1,478                       -                  -                  1,956
                          (85)               (534)                      -                  -                   (619)
                            -                   -                       -                 (6)                    (6)
                            -                   -                       -               (146)                  (146)
          -------------------  -----------------    ---------------------  ------------------  --------------------
          $            14,530    $         57,577    $            (16,876)  $          2,796    $            58,652
         ====================  ==================  ====================== ==================  =====================

</TABLE>







SEE ACCOMPANYING NOTES.



                                      F-7

<PAGE>


                 American Equity Investment Life Holding Company

                      Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

                             (Dollars in thousands)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                    YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31
                                                                           2000               1999              1998
                                                                         ---------          ---------          --------
<S>                                                                    <C>                 <C>               <C>
    OPERATING ACTIVITIES
    Net income                                                         $     4,784         $   2,443         $      244
    Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in
    operating activities:
      Adjustments related to interest sensitive products:
          Interest credited to account balances                             56,529            41,727             15,838
          Annuity and single premium universal life product
            charges                                                         (8,338)           (3,452)              (642)
        Increase in traditional life and accident and health
          insurance reserves                                                 5,294             3,743              1,630
        Policy acquisition costs deferred                                  (77,056)          (62,829)           (19,292)
        Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs                    8,574             7,063              2,020
        Amortization of discount and premiums on fixed
         maturity securities and derivative instruments                     12,933           (10,765)           (12,975)
        Provision for depreciation and other amortization                    1,086             1,299                992
        Realized gains on investments                                       (5,766)           (1,454)              (427)
        Deferred income taxes                                               (2,840)          (15,559)            (4,551)
        Reduction of amounts due to related party under
    General Agency Commission and Servicing
    Agreement                                                              (14,491)           (3,140)            (3,675)
        Changes in other operating assets and liabilities:
           Accrued investment income                                        (7,215)          (11,237)            (1,184)
           Receivables from related parties                                (28,346)          (18,807)               (52)
           Federal income taxes recoverable/payable                          1,713           (3,312)               (914)
           Other policy funds and contract claims                            5,116             5,238              3,960
           Other amounts due to related parties                              4,000                 -                  -
           Other liabilities                                                 1,221             8,156              2,908
        Other                                                               (1,911)             (650)               (74)
                                                                        ----------         ---------          ---------
    Net cash used in operating activities                                 (44,713)          (61,536)           (16,194)

</TABLE>


    SEE ACCOMPANYING NOTES.




                                      F-8

<PAGE>


                 American Equity Investment Life Holding Company

                      Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

                             (Dollars in thousands)

                                   (continued)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                  YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31
                                                                          2000               1999              1998
                                                                -----------------      -------------     --------------
<S>                                                             <C>                 <C>               <C>
    INVESTING ACTIVITIES
    Sales, maturities or repayments of investments:
        Fixed maturity securities - available-for-sale           $         628,847   $       308,670   $        222,745
        Equity securities                                                    1,588                 -                  -
        Derivative instruments                                               7,177             1,541                  -
                                                                 -----------------     -------------     --------------
                                                                           637,612           310,211            222,745
    Acquisitions of investments:
        Fixed maturity securities - available for sale                  (1,092,492)         (734,248)          (602,831)
        Fixed maturity securities - held for investment                     (7,246)         (310,500)                 -
        Equity securities                                                   (1,437)           (8,020)                 -
        Derivative instruments                                             (68,088)          (39,396)           (11,539)
        Proceeds received from futures contract                                  -             4,970                  -
        Policy loans                                                           (33)              (39)                (9)
                                                                 -----------------     -------------     --------------
                                                                        (1,169,296)       (1,087,233)          (614,379)
    Proceeds from sale of property                                               -                 -              2,095
    Purchases of property, furniture and equipment                            (424)             (877)              (625)
                                                                 -----------------     -------------     --------------
    Net cash used in investing activities                                 (532,108)         (777,899)          (390,164)
                                                                 =================    ==============     ==============


    FINANCING ACTIVITIES
    Receipts credited to annuity and single premium
      universal life policyholder account balances                         843,340           816,126            377,917
    Return of annuity and single premium universal life
    policyholder account balances                                         (144,077)          (60,844)           (23,637)
    Financing fees deferred                                                   (216)           (1,801)                 -
    Proceeds from notes payable                                             23,400            10,600                  -
    Increase in amounts due under repurchase agreements                     23,031            37,969             49,000
    Proceeds from issuance of company-obligated
       mandatorily redeemable preferred securities of
       subsidiary trusts                                                         -            25,970                  -
    Net proceeds from sale of preferred stock                                    -                 -              9,968
    Net proceeds from issuance of common stock                               1,956             1,512              1,282
    Acquisition of common stock                                               (619)                -                  -
    Dividends paid                                                            (152)             (107)                 -
                                                                 -----------------     -------------     --------------
    Net cash provided by financing activities                              746,663           829,425            414,530
                                                                 -----------------     -------------     --------------
    Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                       169,842           (10,010)             8,172

    Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                           5,882            15,892              7,720
                                                                 -----------------     -------------     --------------
    Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                     $         175,724     $       5,882     $       15,892
                                                                 =================    ==============     ==============





    SEE ACCOMPANYING NOTES.




                                      F-9


<PAGE>



                 American Equity Investment Life Holding Company


                      Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

                             (Dollars in thousands)

                                   (continued)



    SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION:

     Cash paid during year for:

        Interest                                                       $     5,606          $  4,904          $   1,996
        Income taxes                                                         3,512            17,500              6,225
     Non-cash investing and financing activities:
       Bonus interest deferred as policy acquisition costs                   9,955             7,602              5,910
       Advances to related party under general agency
    commission and servicing agreement deferred as policy
    acquisition costs                                                       28,400            37,723             19,933
       Issuance of common stock in payment of deferred
            compensation                                                         -                90                  -
       Exchange of held for investment fixed maturity
            securities for company-obligated mandatorily
            redeemable preferred securities of subsidiary trusts                 -            72,490                  -

</TABLE>






















    SEE ACCOMPANYING NOTES.



                                      F-10

<PAGE>


                 American Equity Investment Life Holding Company

                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

                                December 31, 2000


1. ORGANIZATION AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

    ORGANIZATION

    American Equity Investment Life Holding Company (the Company), through its
    wholly-owned subsidiary, American Equity Investment Life Insurance Company,
    is licensed to sell insurance products in 43 states and the District of
    Columbia at December 31, 2000. The Company offers a broad array of annuity
    and insurance products. The Company's business consists primarily of the
    sale of equity-index and fixed rate annuities. In 1998, the Company began
    offering variable annuity products. The Company operates solely in the life
    insurance business.

    CONSOLIDATION AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION

    The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company
    and its wholly-owned subsidiaries: American Equity Investment Life Insurance
    Company, American Equity Investment Capital, Inc., American Equity Capital
    Trust I (formed in 1999), American Equity Capital Trust II (formed in 1999),
    American Equity of Hawaii, Inc. (formed in 1999 and sold to an affiliate of
    the Company's Chairman in December, 2000 ) and American Equity Investment
    Properties, L.C. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have
    been eliminated.

    The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with
    accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires
    management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
    amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and
    liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the
    reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.
    Significant estimates and assumptions are utilized in the calculation of
    value of insurance in force acquired, deferred policy acquisition costs,
    policyholder liabilities and accruals and valuation allowances on
    investments. It is reasonably possible that actual experience could differ
    from the estimates and assumptions utilized.

    RECLASSIFICATIONS

    Certain amounts in the 1999 and 1998 consolidated financial statements have
    been reclassified to conform to the 2000 financial statement presentation.
    As discussed in Note 8, the Company has established a liability for future
    amounts due to a related party under the General Agency Commission and
    Servicing Agreement and revised prior financial statements to reflect such
    handling. The revisions have been handled as a reclassification and
    increased liabilities and deferred policy acquisition costs by $52,100,000
    at December 31, 1999.

    INVESTMENTS

    Fixed maturity securities (bonds and redeemable preferred stocks maturing
    more than one year after issuance) that may be sold prior to maturity are
    classified as available for sale. Available for sale securities are reported
    at estimated fair value and unrealized gains and losses, if any, on these
    securities are included directly in a separate component of stockholders'
    equity, net of income taxes and certain adjustments. Premiums and discounts
    are amortized/accrued using methods which result in a constant yield over
    the securities' expected lives. Amortization/accrual of premiums and
    discounts on mortgage and asset-backed securities incorporate prepayment
    assumptions to estimate the securities' expected lives.

    Fixed maturity securities that the Company has the positive intent and
    ability to hold to maturity are classified as held for investment. Held for
    investment securities are reported at cost adjusted for amortization of
    premiums and discounts. Changes in the market value of these securities,
    except for declines that are other than temporary, are not reflected in the
    Company's financial statements. Premiums and discounts are amortized/accrued
    using methods which result in a constant yield over the securities' expected
    lives.



                                      F-11


<PAGE>



Equity securities, comprised of common and non-redeemable preferred stocks, are
reported at market value. Unrealized gains and losses are included directly in a
separate component of stockholders' equity, net of income taxes.

The Company sells deferred annuity products, including equity index annuities
which offer an additional benefit provision based on the increase, if any, in
specified equity market indexes or benchmarks. The Company has purchased
one-year option contracts with characteristics similar to the additional benefit
provisions to hedge potential increases to policyholder benefits resulting from
these additional benefit provisions. The cost of the options is amortized over
the life of the contracts and is recorded, net of proceeds received upon
expiration, as a component of net investment income.

The Company records the options at amortized cost plus intrinsic value, if any.
The options are purchased at the time the related annuity policies are issued,
with similar maturity dates and benefit features that fluctuate as the value of
the options change. Changes in the intrinsic value of the options are offset by
changes to the policy benefit liabilities in the consolidated statements of
income. These amounts were ($21,664,000), $12,763,000 and $8,062,000 during the
years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively.

The Company's hedging strategy attempts to mitigate any potential risk of loss
under these agreements through a regular monitoring process which evaluates the
program's effectiveness. The Company is exposed to risk of loss in the event of
nonperformance by the counterparties and, accordingly, the Company purchases its
option contracts from multiple counterparties and evaluates the creditworthiness
of all counterparties prior to purchase of the contracts. At December 31, 2000,
all of these options had been purchased from nationally recognized investment
banking institutions with a Standard and Poor's credit rating of BBB+ or higher.

Policy loans are reported at unpaid principal.

The carrying amounts of all the Company's investments are reviewed on an ongoing
basis for credit deterioration. If this review indicates a decline in market
value that is other than temporary, the Company's carrying amount in the
investment is reduced to its estimated realizable value and a specific writedown
is taken. Such reductions in carrying amount are recognized as realized losses
and charged to income. Realized gains and losses on sales are determined on the
basis of specific identification of investments.

Market values, as reported herein, of fixed maturity and equity securities are
based on the latest quoted market prices, or for those fixed maturity securities
not readily marketable, at values which are representative of the market values
of issues of comparable yield and quality.

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

For purposes of the consolidated statements of cash flows, the Company considers
all highly liquid debt instruments purchased with a maturity of three months or
less to be cash equivalents.

DEFERRED POLICY ACQUISITION COSTS

To the extent recoverable from future policy revenues and gross profits, certain
costs of producing new business, principally commissions, first-year bonus
interest and certain costs of policy issuance (including policy issue costs of
$2,743,000 in 2000, $3,591,000 in 1999 and $1,909,000 in 1998) have been
deferred. For annuity and single premium universal life products, these costs
are being amortized generally in proportion to expected gross profits from
surrender charges and investment, mortality, and expense margins. That
amortization is adjusted retrospectively when estimates of future gross
profits/margins (including the impact of realized investment gains and losses)
to be realized from a group of products are revised. Deferred policy acquisition
costs are also adjusted for the change in amortization that would have occurred
if available-for-sale fixed maturity securities had been sold at their aggregate
market value and the proceeds reinvested at current yield. The impact of this
adjustment is included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) within
stockholders' equity.




For traditional life and accident and health insurance, deferred policy
acquisition costs are being amortized over the


                                      F-12


<PAGE>

premium-paying period of the related policies in proportion to premium revenues
recognized, principally using the same assumptions for interest, mortality and
withdrawals that are used for computing liabilities for future policy benefits
subject to traditional "lock-in" concepts.

VALUE OF INSURANCE IN FORCE ACQUIRED

The value of insurance in force acquired represents the actuarially determined
present value of the projected future cash flows from the insurance contracts
that were acquired pursuant to two reinsurance agreements. This balance is
amortized, evaluated for recovery and adjusted for the impact of unrealized
gains and losses in the same manner as deferred policy acquisition costs
described above. Interest accrues on the unamortized balance at a rate of 6%.

INTANGIBLES

Intangibles consist of deferred debt and trust preferred security issue costs
and the excess of the purchase price paid over the fair value of the net assets
acquired (goodwill) in connection with the purchase of an inactive life
insurance company in 1996. Deferred issue costs are being amortized over the
life of the related agreement using the interest method. Goodwill is being
amortized over 10 years using the straight-line method.

PROPERTY, FURNITURE AND EQUIPMENT

Property, furniture and equipment, comprised primarily of office furniture and
equipment, data processing equipment and capitalized software costs, are
reported at cost less allowances for depreciation. Depreciation expense is
determined primarily using the straight-line method over the estimated useful
lives of the assets.

SEPARATE ACCOUNTS

The separate account assets and liabilities represent funds that are separately
administered for the benefit of variable annuity policyholders who bear the
underlying investment risk. The separate account assets and liabilities are
carried at fair value. Revenues and expenses related to the separate account
assets and liabilities, to the extent of premiums received from and benefits
paid or provided to the separate account policyholders, are excluded from the
amounts reported in the consolidated statements of income. The Company receives
various fees (mortality, expense and surrender charges assessed against
policyholder account balances) that are included as revenues in the consolidated
statements of income.

FUTURE POLICY BENEFITS

Future policy benefit reserves for annuity and single premium universal life
products are computed under a retrospective deposit method and represent policy
account balances before applicable surrender charges. Policy benefits and claims
that are charged to expense include benefit claims incurred in the period in
excess of related policy account balances. Interest crediting rates for these
products ranged from 3.0% to 12.5% in 2000 and from 3.0% to 12.0% in 1999 and
1998. A portion of this amount ($9,955,000, $7,602,000 and $5,910,000 during the
years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively) represents an
additional interest credit on first-year premiums payable until the first
contract anniversary date (first-year bonus interest). Such amounts have been
offset against interest credited to account balances and deferred as policy
acquisitions costs.

The liability for future policy benefits for traditional life insurance is based
on net level premium reserves, including assumptions as to interest, mortality,
and other assumptions underlying the guaranteed policy cash values. Reserve
interest assumptions are level and range from 3.0% to 6.0%. The liabilities for
future policy benefits for accident and health insurance are computed using a
net level premium method, including assumptions as to morbidity and other
assumptions based on the Company's experience, modified as necessary to give
effect to anticipated trends and to include provisions for possible unfavorable
deviations. Policy benefit claims are charged to expense in the period that the
claims are incurred.



                                      F-13


<PAGE>



Unpaid claims include amounts for losses and related adjustment expenses and are
determined using individual claim evaluations and statistical analysis. Unpaid
claims represent estimates of the ultimate net costs of all losses, reported and
unreported, which remain unpaid at December 31 of each year. These estimates are
necessarily subject to the impact of future changes in claim severity, frequency
and other factors. In spite of the variability inherent in such situations,
management believes that the unpaid claim amounts are adequate. The estimates
are continuously reviewed and as adjustments to these amounts become necessary,
such adjustments are reflected in current operations.

Certain policies include provisions for annual experience refunds of premiums
equal to net premiums received less a 16% administrative fee and less claims
incurred. Such amounts (2000 - $342,000; 1999 - $1,206,000; and 1998 - $524,000)
are reported as a reduction of traditional life and accident and health
insurance premiums in the consolidated statements of income.

DEFERRED INCOME TAXES

Deferred income tax assets or liabilities are computed based on the temporary
differences between the financial statement and income tax bases of assets and
liabilities using the enacted marginal tax rate. Deferred income tax expenses or
credits are based on the changes in the asset or liability from period to
period. Deferred income tax assets are subject to ongoing evaluation of whether
such assets will be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred income tax
assets depends on generating future taxable income during the periods in which
temporary differences become deductible. If future income is not generated as
expected, deferred income tax assets may need to be written off.

STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

The Company effected a three-for-one split of common stock payable June 30, 2000
to stockholders of record as of June 1, 2000. This resulted in the issuance of
9,424,620 shares of common stock along with a corresponding decrease of
$9,425,000 in additional paid-in capital. All references to the number of shares
(other than common stock issued or outstanding on the 1999 consolidated balance
sheet and the 1998 and 1999 consolidated statements of changes in stockholders'
equity), per share amounts, cash dividends, and any other reference to shares in
the consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes to consolidated
financial statements, unless otherwise noted, have been adjusted to reflect the
split on a retroactive basis. Previously awarded stock options, restricted stock
awards, and all other agreements payable in the Company's common stock have been
adjusted or amended to reflect the split.

During 2000, the Company increased the number of authorized shares of common
stock, $1 par value, from 25,000,000 to 75,000,000. In connection with the
issuance of the Company's common stock under certain private placement
offerings, the Company issued warrants to purchase one additional share of
common stock for every five shares that were purchased. In addition, warrants to
purchase 240,000 shares of the Company's common stock were issued in 1997 in
connection to the Company's chairman. During 2000, these warrants were exercised
at a price of $3.33 per share, and 170,625 warrants were exercised at a price of
$4.00 per share. During 1999, 342,249 warrants were exercised at a price of
$4.00. At December 31, 2000, the Company had warrants for 34,125 shares
outstanding with an exercise price of $4.00 per share. All of the outstanding
warrants expire on April 30, 2002.

During 1998, the Company issued 625,000 shares of 1998 Series A Participating
Preferred Stock, at par, under a private placement offering in exchange for cash
of $10,000,000. These shares have participating dividend rights with shares of
the Company's common stock, when and as such dividends are declared. These
shares are convertible into shares of the Company's common stock on a
three-for-one basis and have no voting rights.

RECOGNITION OF PREMIUM REVENUES AND COSTS

Revenues for annuity and single premium universal life products consist of
surrender charges assessed against policyholder account balances and mortality
and expense charges (single premium universal life products only) during the
period. Expenses related to these products include interest credited to
policyholder account balances and benefit claims incurred in excess of
policyholder account balances (single premium universal life products only).




                                      F-14
<PAGE>


Traditional life and accident and health insurance premiums are recognized as
revenues over the premium-paying period. Future policy benefits and policy
acquisition costs are recognized as expenses over the life of the policy by
means of the provision for future policy benefits and amortization of deferred
policy acquisition costs.

All insurance-related revenues, benefits, losses and expenses are reported net
of reinsurance ceded.

PREMIUM AND DEPOSITS BY PRODUCT TYPE

The Company markets equity index annuities, fixed rate annuities, a variable
annuity and life insurance. In connection with its reinsured group life
business, the Company also collects renewal premiums on certain accident and
health insurance policies. Premiums and deposits (after cancellations) collected
in 2000, 1999 and 1998, by product category were as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                               YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31
                    PRODUCT TYPE                       2000              1999             1998
                    ------------------------      ---------------  ----------------  ---------------
                                                               (Dollars in thousands)
<S>                                               <C>              <C>               <C>
                    Fixed Annuities:
                         Equity Index             $       633,893  $        551,278  $       163,470
                         Fixed Rate                       209,447           264,848          214,447
                    Life Insurance                         10,169            10,025           10,155
                    Accident and Health                       865               269              373
                    Variable Annuities                      3,895               219              151
                                                  ---------------  ----------------  ---------------
                                                  $       858,269  $        826,639  $       388,596
                                                  ===============  ================  ===============
</TABLE>


COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)

Comprehensive income (loss) includes all changes in stockholders' equity during
a period except those resulting from investments by and distributions to
stockholders. Other comprehensive income (loss) excludes net realized investment
gains included in net income which merely represent transfers from unrealized to
realized gains and losses. These amounts totaled $4,239,000, $983,000 and
$36,000 in 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively. Such amounts, which have been
measured through the date of sale, are net of adjustments to deferred policy
acquisition costs and income taxes totaling $1,527,000 in 2000, $471,000 in 1999
and $116,000 in 1998.

PENDING ACCOUNTING CHANGE

In June 1998, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Statement
of Financial Accounting Standards ("SFAS") No. 133, ACCOUNTING FOR DERIVATIVE
INSTRUMENTS AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES. SFAS No. 133 requires companies to record
derivative instruments on the balance sheet at fair value. Accounting for gains
or losses resulting from changes in the fair values of derivative instruments is
dependent on the use of the derivative and whether it qualifies for hedge
accounting. The Company issues equity-indexed annuity products, whose product
characteristics include embedded derivatives. The Company also purchases options
on the equity market indexes applicable to these products to fund the
liabilities classified as embedded derivatives. These items will be effected by
SFAS No. 133. The Statement is effective for the Company for all financial
statements filed subsequent to December 31, 2000. Because various
insurance-related issues were not decided by the FASB and the Derivative
Implementations Group until late 2000, the Company has not yet determined the
ultimate impact that this new Statement will have on its operations or financial
position.



                                      F-15

<PAGE>



2. FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

The following methods and assumptions were used by the Company in estimating the
fair values of financial instruments:

FIXED MATURITY SECURITIES: Quoted market prices, when available, or price
matrices for securities which are not actively traded, developed using yield
data and other factors relating to instruments or securities with similar
characteristics.

EQUITY SECURITIES: Quoted market prices, where available.

DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS: Quoted market prices from related counterparties.

POLICY LOANS: The Company has not attempted to determine the fair values
associated with its policy loans, as management believes any differences between
the Company's carrying value and the fair values afforded these instruments are
immaterial to the Company's financial position and, accordingly, the cost to
provide such disclosure is not worth the benefit to be derived.

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS: Amounts reported in the consolidated balance sheets
for these instruments approximate their fair values.

SEPARATE ACCOUNT ASSETS AND LIABILITIES: Reported at estimated fair value in the
consolidated balance sheets.

ANNUITY AND SINGLE PREMIUM UNIVERSAL LIFE POLICY RESERVES: Fair values of the
Company's liabilities under contracts not involving significant mortality or
morbidity risks (principally deferred annuities), are stated at the cost the
Company would incur to extinguish the liability (i.e., the cash surrender
value). The Company is not required to and has not estimated the fair value of
its liabilities under other contracts.

NOTES PAYABLE AND AMOUNTS DUE UNDER REPURCHASE AGREEMENTS: As all notes and
short-term indebtedness under repurchase agreements have variable interest
rates, the amounts reported in the consolidated balance sheets for these
instruments approximate their fair values.

AMOUNTS DUE UNDER GENERAL AGENCY COMMISSION AND SERVICING AGREEMENT AND
COMPANY-OBLIGATED MANDATORILY REDEEMABLE PREFERRED SECURITIES OF SUBSIDIARY
TRUSTS: Fair values are estimated by discounting expected cash flows using
interest rates currently being offered for similar securities.





                                      F-16


<PAGE>


The following sets forth a comparison of the fair values and carrying amounts of
the Company's financial instruments:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                            DECEMBER 31
                                                              2000                                1999
                                                --------------------------------    --------------------------------
                                                CARRYING AMOUNT    ESTIMATED        CARRYING AMOUNT    ESTIMATED
                                                                   FAIR VALUE                          FAIR VALUE
                                                --------------- ----------------    --------------- ----------------
                                                                       (Dollars in thousands)
<S>                                             <C>             <C>                 <C>             <C>
         ASSETS
         Fixed maturity securities:
            Available for sale                  $     1,474,560 $      1,474,560    $       997,020 $        997,020
            Held for investment                         429,280          365,023            398,467          315,975
         Equity securities                                6,671            6,671              7,613            7,613
         Derivative instruments                          34,707           20,170             44,210           44,210
         Policy loans                                       264              264                231              231
         Cash and cash equivalents                      175,724          175,724              5,882            5,882
         Separate account assets                          4,185            4,185                371              371
         LIABILITIES
         Annuity and single premium                   2,079,561        1,794,414          1,343,816        1,149,271
             universal life reserves
         Amounts due under General Agency
             Commission and Servicing                    76,028           77,319             62,119           63,339
              Agreement
         Notes payable                                   44,000           44,000             20,600           20,600
         Amounts due under repurchase
              agreements                                110,000          110,000             86,969           86,969
         Liabilities related to separate account          4,185            4,185                371              371
         Company-obligated mandatory
           redeemable preferred securities
           of subsidiary trusts                          99,503           96,924             98,982           98,982

</TABLE>





                                      F-17


<PAGE>



3. INVESTMENTS

At December 31, 2000 and 1999, the amortized cost and estimated fair value of
fixed maturity securities and equity securities were as follows:


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                         GROSS              GROSS            Gross
                                                       AMORTIZED          UNREALIZED       UNREALIZED          ESTIMATED
        December 31, 2000                                 COST              GAINS            LOSSES            FAIR VALUE
        -----------------                         ---------------     ------------    -------------      ---------------
                                                                            (Dollars in thousands)
<S>                                               <C>                 <C>             <C>                <C>
        Fixed maturity securities:
           Available for sale:
              United States Government
                      and agencies                $     1,052,193     $     10,166    $     (24,208)     $     1,038,151
              State, municipal and other
                      governments                           4,874               10                 -               4,884
              Public utilities                             12,191                -             (991)              11,200
              Corporate securities                        327,954              918          (33,071)             295,801
              Redeemable preferred
                      stocks                                9,240                -             (725)               8,515
              Mortgage and asset-backed
                      securities                          116,924            1,393           (2,308)             116,009
                                                  ---------------     ------------    -------------      ---------------
                                                  $     1,523,376     $     12,487    $     (61,303)     $     1,474,560
                                                  ===============     ============    =============      ===============
           Held for investment:
              United States Government
                      and agencies                $       353,808                -    $     (60,497)     $       293,311
              Redeemable preferred
                      stocks                               75,472                -           (3,760)              71,712
                                                  ---------------     ------------    -------------      ---------------
                                                  $       429,280          $     -    $     (64,257)     $       365,023
                                                  ===============     ============    =============      ===============
         Equity securities:
           Non-redeemable preferred
                  stocks                          $         6,850                -    $      (1,005)     $         5,845
           Common stocks                                      585              241                 -                 826
                                                  ---------------     ------------    -------------      ---------------
                                                  $         7,435     $        241    $      (1,005)     $         6,671
                                                  ===============     ============    =============      ===============
</TABLE>




                                      F-18

<PAGE>


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                          GROSS            GROSS
                                                     AMORTIZED         UNREALIZED       UNREALIZED          ESTIMATED
        December 31, 1999                              COST               GAINS            LOSSES            FAIR VALUE
        -----------------                         ---------------     ------------    -------------      ---------------
                                                                          (Dollars in thousands)
<S>                                               <C>                 <C>             <C>                <C>
        Fixed maturity securities:
           Available for sale:
              United States government
                      and agencies                $       642,115     $        112    $     (39,229)     $       602,998
              State, municipal and other
                      government                            4,540                -             (380)               4,160
              Public utilities                             12,202                -           (1,363)              10,839
              Corporate securities                        300,422              409          (28,539)             272,292
              Redeemable preferred
                      stocks                                9,240                -             (824)               8,416
                Mortgage and asset-backed
                      securities                          101,946              642           (4,273)              98,315
                                                  ---------------     ------------    -------------      ---------------
                                                  $     1,070,465     $      1,163    $     (74,608)     $       997,020
                                                  ===============     ============    =============      ===============
           Held for investment:
              United States Government
                      and agencies                $       323,312                -    $     (74,632)     $       248,680
              Redeemable preferred
                      stocks                               75,155                -           (7,860)              67,295
                                                  ---------------     ------------    -------------      ---------------
                                                  $       398,467          $     -    $     (82,492)     $       315,975
                                                  ===============     ============    =============      ===============
        Equity securities:
           Non-redeemable
                  preferred                       $         6,850                -    $        (227)     $         6,623
                  stocks
           Common stocks                                    1,170                -             (180)                 990
                                                  ---------------     ------------    -------------      ---------------
                                                  $         8,020          $     -    $        (407)     $         7,613
                                                 ================    =============   ===============    ================

</TABLE>



The amortized cost and estimated fair value of fixed maturity securities at
December 31, 2000, by contractual maturity, are shown below. Actual maturities
will differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right to
call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. All of
the Company's mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities provide for periodic
payments throughout their lives, and are shown below as a separate line.


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            AVAILABLE FOR SALE                     HELD FOR INVESTMENT
                                                       ------------------------------         --------------------------
                                                         AMORTIZED          ESTIMATED         AMORTIZED        ESTIMATED
                                                           COST            FAIR VALUE            COST          FAIR VALUE
                                                       ------------        ----------         ----------       ---------
                                                                          (Dollars in thousands)
<S>                                                     <C>                <C>                <C>              <C>
        Due after one year through five years           $    38,702        $   36,671           $      -        $      -
        Due after five years through ten years              246,402           247,027                  -               -
        Due after ten years through twenty years            789,228           787,888                  -               -
        Due after twenty years                              332,120           286,965            429,280         365,023
                                                       ------------        ----------         ----------       ---------
                                                          1,406,452         1,358,551            429,280         365,023
        Mortgage-backed and asset-backed
            securities                                      116,924           116,009                  -               -
                                                       ------------        ----------         ----------       ---------
                                                       $  1,523,376        $1,474,560         $  429,280       $ 365,023
                                                       ============        ==========         ==========       =========
</TABLE>



                                      F-19
<PAGE>




Net unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale fixed maturity securities
and equity securities reported as a separate component of stockholders' equity
were comprised of the following at December 31, 2000 and 1999:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                              DECEMBER 31
                                                                                        2000              1999
                                                                                   --------------   ---------------
                                                                                        (Dollars in thousands)
<S>                                                                                <C>               <C>
             Net unrealized losses on available-for-sale fixed
                   maturity and equity securities                                  $      (49,580)  $       (73,852)
             Adjustments for assumed changes in amortization of
                  deferred policy acquisition costs                                        23,616            19,645
             Deferred income tax benefit                                                    9,088            18,972
                                                                                   --------------   ---------------
             Net unrealized losses reported as accumulated
                  other comprehensive loss                                         $      (16,876)  $       (35,235)
                                                                                   ==============   ===============
</TABLE>


Components of net investment income are as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                              YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31
                                                                     2000               1999              1998
                                                                ---------------    ---------------   ---------------
                                                                              (Dollars in thousands)
<S>                                                             <C>                <C>               <C>
         Fixed maturity securities                              $       129,066    $        69,877            28,305
         Equity securities                                                  754                456                 -
         Derivative instruments                                         (42,745)            (6,151)           (1,768)
         Policy loans                                                        19                 20                 8
         Cash and cash equivalents                                        1,703                487               332
         Other                                                            2,083                951                55
                                                                ---------------    ---------------   ---------------
                                                                         90,880             65,640            26,932
         Less investment expenses                                        (1,403)            (1,030)             (575)
                                                                ---------------    ---------------   ---------------
         Net investment income                                  $        89,477    $        64,610   $        26,357
                                                                ===============    ===============   ===============
</TABLE>




                                      F-20


<PAGE>

An analysis of sales, maturities, and principal repayments of the Company's
available-for-sale fixed maturity securities for the year ended December 31,
2000, 1999 and 1998 is as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                         GROSS            GROSS          PROCEEDS
                                                     AMORTIZED          REALIZED         REALIZED          FROM
                                                        COST             GAINS            LOSSES           SALE
                                                  --------------     --------------  --------------   --------------
                                                                         (Dollars in thousands)

<S>                                                <C>               <C>             <C>              <C>
      Year ended December 31, 2000
         Scheduled principal repayments,
            calls and tenders                      $     622,353     $            -   $           -   $       622,353
         Sales                                             7,471                  -           (977)             6,494
                                                  --------------     --------------  --------------   --------------
      Total                                        $     629,824     $            -   $       (977)   $       628,847
                                                  ==============     ==============  ==============   ==============


      Year ended December 31, 1999
          Scheduled principal repayments,
             calls and tenders                     $     195,838     $            -   $           -   $       195,838
          Sales                                          112,919                323           (410)           112,832
                                                  --------------     --------------  --------------   --------------
      Total                                        $     308,757     $          323   $       (410)   $      308,670
                                                  ==============     ==============  ==============   ==============


      Year ended December 31, 1998
          Scheduled principal repayments,
          calls and tenders                        $     157,732     $            -   $           -   $       157,732
          Sales                                           64,861                164            (12)            65,013
                                                  --------------     --------------  --------------   --------------
      Total                                        $     222,593     $          164   $        (12)   $       222,745
                                                  ==============     ==============  ==============   ==============
</TABLE>

For the year ended December 31, 2000, realized gains on investments consisted of
net losses of $977,000 on the sale of available-for-sale fixed maturity
securities, net losses of $434,000 on the sale of equity securities and a gain
of $7,177,000 on the termination of a total return swap. For the year ended
December 31, 1999, realized gains on investments consisted of net losses of
$87,000 on the sale of available-for-sale fixed maturity securities and a gain
of $1,541,000 on the termination of a total return swap. For the year ended
December 31, 1998, realized gains of $427,000 consisted of net gains on sales of
available-for-sale fixed maturities of $152,000 and a gain on the sale of real
property of $275,000.

The change in unrealized appreciation or depreciation on investments for the
year ended December 31, 2000 aggregated $24,272,000, and consisted of unrealized
appreciation of $24,629,000 on available-for-sale fixed maturity securities and
unrealized depreciation on equity securities of $357,000. The change in
unrealized depreciation on on investments for the year ended December 31, 1999
aggregated $75,449,000, and consisted of unrealized depreciation on
available-for-sale fixed maturity securities and equity securities of
$75,043,000 and $406,000, respectively. The change in unrealized
appreciation/depreciation on investments aggregated $905,000 for the year ended
December 31, 1998, and was entirely attributable to available-for-sale fixed
maturity securities. The change in net unrealized appreciation/depreciation is
recorded net of adjustments to deferred policy acquisition costs and deferred
income taxes totaling $(5,913,000) in 2000, $39,794,000 in 1999 and $(695,000)
in 1998.

As a part of its asset-liability management activities, the Company from time to
time purchases financial futures instruments and total return exchange
agreements. The operations of the Company are subject to risk of interest rate
fluctuations to the extent that there is a difference between the amount of the
Company's interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities that mature
in specified periods. The principal objective of the Company's asset-liability
management activities is to provide maximum levels of net investment income
while maintaining acceptable levels of interest rate and liquidity risk, and
facilitating the funding needs of the Company. Financial futures contracts are
commitments to either purchase or sell

                                      F-21
<PAGE>

a financial instrument at a specific future date for a specified price and may
be settled in cash or through delivery of the financial instrument. Total return
exchange agreements generally involve the exchange of the total return or yield
on a referenced security for a specified interest rate.

If a financial futures contract used to manage interest rate risk is terminated
early or results in payments based on the change in value of the underlying
asset, any resulting gain or loss is deferred and amortized as an adjustment to
the yield of the designated asset over its remaining life as long as the
transaction qualifies for hedge accounting. The effectiveness of the hedge is
measured by a historical and probable future high correlation of changes in the
fair value of the hedging instruments with changes in value of the hedged item.
If correlation ceases to exist, hedge accounting will be terminated and gains or
losses recorded in income. To date, high correlation has been achieved. Deferred
losses of $2,276,000 for 2000 and deferred gains of $4,970,000 for 1999 are
included in held-for-investment fixed maturities and will be amortized as an
adjustment to interest income over the life of the hedged instrument. There are
no outstanding agreements at December 31, 2000.

For total return exchange agreements, the differential of the total return yield
or interest to be paid or received on a settlement date is recognized as an
adjustment to net investment income. If a total return swap agreement is
terminated early, any resulting gain or loss is recognized as a realized gain or
loss. In 2000, the Company recognized net investment expense of $10,583,000
related to payments made on settlement dates, and realized a gain of $7,177,000
on the termination of one total return swap agreement. In 1999, the Company
recognized net investment expense of $2,069,000 related to payments made on
settlement dates, and realized a gain of $1,541,000 on the termination of one
total return swap agreement. There are no outstanding agreements at December 31,
2000.

At December 31, 2000, fixed maturity securities and short-term investments with
an amortized cost of $1,901,955,000 were on deposit with state agencies to meet
regulatory requirements.

At December 31, 2000, the following investments in any person or its affiliates
(other than bonds issued by agencies of the United States Government) exceeded
10% of stockholders' equity:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                     ESTIMATED      AMORTIZED                                  ESTIMATED        AMORTIZED
             ISSUER                 FAIR VALUE        COST               ISSUER              FAIR VALUE           COST
    ---------------------------------------------------------  ----------------------------------------------------------
                     (Dollars in thousands)                                      (Dollars in thousands)
<S>                               <C>          <C>                                                 <C>             <C>
    FBL Capital Trust I           $     71,712 $       75,472  New Plan Realty                     9,577           11,019
    Knight Funding, Ltd                 19,053         19,027  ELC 1999                            9,108            9,219
    AIG Global Trust                    19,000         19,854  M & I                               8,641           10,393
    Nationsbank Corp.                   15,891         16,100  American Financial Group            8,417            9,369
    Morgan JP & Co.                     12,017         13,861  Genamerica                          8,356            9,568
    Sears Roebuck                       11,076         10,636  Alco Cap Resource                   7,988            7,993
    Health Care Properties              10,491         10,598  Lehman Bros Holdings                7,697            9,523
    FMR Corp.                           10,075         10,083  Security Cap Pac                    7,664            8,032
    Northwest Air                       10,028          9,675  Commercial Net Lease Rlty           7,471            7,727
    Sutter                              10,000          9,510  Jet Equipment                       7,110            8,154
    Bear Stearns Capital                 9,924          9,976  EOP Operating LP                    6,452            7,078
    South Street                         9,737          9,550  Nationwide Health                   6,023            6,043
</TABLE>

                                      F-22
<PAGE>

4. VALUE OF INSURANCE IN FORCE ACQUIRED

An analysis of the value of insurance in force acquired for the years ended
December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998 is as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                               YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31
                                                                    2000              1999              1998
                                                                -------------     -------------    -------------
                                                                             (Dollars in thousands)

<S>                                                             <C>               <C>              <C>
         Balance at beginning of year                           $        752      $      1,069     $       1,343
         Accretion of interest during the year                            36                55                71
         Amortization of asset                                          (268)             (372)             (345)
                                                                -------------     -------------    -------------
         Balance at end of year                                 $        520      $        752     $       1,069
                                                                =============     =============    =============
</TABLE>


Amortization of the value of insurance in force acquired for the next five years
is expected to be as follows: 2001 - $104,000; 2002 - $104,000; 2003 - $104,000;
2004 - $104,000; and 2005 - $104,000.

5. REINSURANCE AND POLICY PROVISIONS

In the normal course of business, the Company seeks to limit its exposure to
loss on any single insured and to recover a portion of benefits paid by ceding
reinsurance to other insurance enterprises or reinsurers. Reinsurance coverages
for life insurance vary according to the age and risk classification of the
insured. The Company does not use financial or surplus relief reinsurance.

Reinsurance contracts do not relieve the Company of its obligations to its
policyholders. To the extent that reinsuring companies are later unable to meet
obligations under reinsurance agreements, the Company's life insurance
subsidiary would be liable for these obligations, and payment of these
obligations could result in losses to the Company. To limit the possibility of
such losses, the Company evaluates the financial condition of its reinsurers,
and monitors concentrations of credit risk. Insurance premiums have been reduced
by $182,000, $1,111,000 and $567,000 and insurance benefits have been reduced by
$376,000, $336,000 and $376,000 during the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999
and 1998, respectively, as a result of cession agreements.

No allowance for uncollectible amounts has been established against the
Company's asset for amounts receivable from other insurance companies since none
of the receivables are deemed by management to be uncollectible.

During 1998, the Company entered into a modified coinsurance agreement to cede
70% of its variable annuity business to Equitrust Life Insurance Company
("Equitrust"). Equitrust is an affiliate of Farm Bureau Life Insurance Company
which beneficially owns 32.26% of the Company's common stock. Under this
agreement, the Company paid Equitrust $118,000, $120,000 and $78,000 for the
years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively. The modified
coinsurance agreement has an initial term of four years and will continue
thereafter until termination by written notice at the election of either party.
Any such termination will apply to the submission or acceptance of new policies,
and business reinsured under the agreement prior to any such termination is not
eligible for recapture before the expiration of 10 years. Equitrust (or one of
its affiliates) provides the administrative support necessary to manage this
business.

                                      F-23
<PAGE>

The activity in the liability for unpaid claims and related adjustment expense
for the Company's accident and health business for the years ended December 31,
2000, 1999 and 1998, net of reinsurance, is summarized as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                 UNPAID                                            UNPAID
                                                 CLAIMS                                            CLAIMS
                                               LIABILITY AT                                     LIABILITY AT
                                               BEGINNING OF      CLAIMS           CLAIMS           END OF
                                                  YEAR          INCURRED           PAID             YEAR
                                              --------------   ------------     -------------   -------------
                                                                  (Dollars in thousands)

<S>      <C>                                  <C>              <C>              <C>             <C>
     Year ended December 31, 2000
         2000                                 $            -   $        696     $         339   $         357
         1999 and prior                                  594             88               123             559
                                              --------------   ------------     -------------   -------------
                                                         594   $        784     $         462             916
                                                               ============     =============
       Active life reserve                             1,576                                            1,600
                                              --------------                                    -------------
       Total accident and health reserves     $        2,170                                    $       2,516
                                              ==============                                    =============

     Year ended December 31, 1999
     1999                                     $            -   $        551     $         319   $         232
     1998 and prior                                      673           (186)              124             363
                                              --------------   ------------     -------------   -------------
                                                         673   $        365     $         443             595
                                                               ============     =============
     Active life reserve                               1,518                                            1,576
                                              --------------                                    -------------
     Total accident and health reserves       $        2,191                                    $       2,171
                                              ==============                                    =============

     Year ended December 31, 1998
     1998                                     $            -   $        581     $         318   $         263
     1997 and prior                                      667           (133)              124             410
                                              --------------   ------------     -------------   -------------
                                                         667   $        448     $         442             673
                                                               ============     =============
     Active life reserve                               1,407                                            1,518
                                              --------------                                    -------------
     Total accident and health reserves       $        2,074                                    $       2,191
                                              ==============                                    =============
</TABLE>

The Company develops reserves for unpaid claims by using industry mortality and
morbidity data. One year development on prior year reserves represents our
experience being more or less favorable than that of the industry. Over time, we
expect our experience with respect to this business to be comparable to that of
the industry . A certain level of volatility in development is inherent in these
reserves since the underlying block of business is relatively small.

6. INCOME TAXES

The Company files a consolidated federal income tax return with all its
subsidiaries except American Equity Investment Life Insurance Company, which
files a separate federal income tax return and American Equity Investment
Properties, L.C., which is taxed as a partnership and, as such, all taxable
income is allocated to its owners.

Deferred income taxes are established by the Company and its subsidiaries based
upon the temporary differences among financial reporting and tax bases of assets
and liabilities within each entity, the reversal of which will result in taxable
or deductible amounts in future years when the related asset or liability is
recovered or settled, measured using the enacted tax rates.

                                      F-24
<PAGE>

Income tax benefit (expense) differed from that computed at the applicable
statutory federal income tax rate (35% in 2000 and 1999; 34% in 1998) as
follows.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                              YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31
                                                                   2000                1999               1998
                                                              ---------------     ---------------    --------------
                                                                              (Dollars in thousands)

<S>                                                           <C>                 <C>                <C>
         Income before income taxes                           $       14,618      $         3,095    $        1,004
                                                              ===============     ===============    ==============

         Income tax benefit (expense) on income before        $       (5,116)     $       (1,083)    $        (341)
         income taxes at statutory rate
         Tax effect of:
                Earnings attributable to company-obligated
                mandatorily redeemable preferred securities
                of subsidiary trusts                                    2,607                 708                 -
                State income taxes                                        151                  61                59
                Change in valuation allowance on deferred
                  income tax assets                                         -               1,537             (397)
                Other                                                    (27)                 147              (81)
                                                              ---------------     ---------------    --------------
            Income tax benefit (expense)                      $       (2,385)     $         1,370    $        (760)
                                                              ===============     ===============    ==============
</TABLE>
The tax effect of individual temporary differences at December 31, 2000 and
1999, is as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                         DECEMBER 31
                                                                                  2000                 1999
                                                                            -----------------   ------------------
                                                                                    (Dollars in thousands)

<S>                                                                         <C>                 <C>
         Deferred income tax assets:
            Policy benefit reserves                                         $          90,792   $           55,066
            Provision for experience rating refunds                                       118                  191
            Unrealized depreciation on available-for-sale fixed
                    maturity securities and equity securities                           9,088               18,972
            Deferred compensation                                                         408                  426
            Net operating loss carryforwards                                            2,954                1,609
            Net capital loss carryforward                                               9,953               10,531
            Other                                                                         279                   16
                                                                            -----------------   ------------------
                                                                                      113,592               86,811
         Deferred income tax liabilities:
            Accrued discount on fixed maturity securities                            (13,747)             (11,331)
            Deferred policy acquisition costs                                        (63,303)             (31,861)
            Value of insurance in force acquired                                        (182)                (263)
            Other                                                                       (308)                (319)
                                                                            -----------------   ------------------
                                                                                     (77,540)             (43,774)
                                                                            -----------------   ------------------
         Deferred income tax asset                                          $         36,052    $          43,037
                                                                            =================   ==================
</TABLE>
The Company regularly reviews its needs for a valuation allowance against its
deferred income tax assets. During the year ended December 31, 1997, the
Company's life insurance company became taxable and it is expected that it will
continue to pay federal income taxes in the foreseeable future. As a result, the
valuation allowance pertaining to deferred income tax assets at this subsidiary
was eliminated at December 31, 1997. At December 31, 1998 and 1997, the Company
carried a valuation allowance against deferred income tax assets of the non-life
insurance entities due to the uncertainty of future income. However, this
valuation allowance was eliminated at December 31, 1999 as a result of the
Company's adoption of plans and policies relative to future taxable income or
loss of the non-life entities.

At December 31, 2000, the Company has net operating loss carryforwards for tax
purposes of $7,386,000 which expire in 2010 through 2015, and net capital losses
for tax purposes of $28,436,000 which expire in 2004.

                                      F-25
<PAGE>

7. NOTES PAYABLE AND AMOUNTS DUE UNDER REPURCHASE AGREEMENTS

On October 18, 1996, the Company borrowed $10 million from two banks under a
variable rate revolving credit agreement with a maximum borrowing level of $10
million. During 1999, the maximum borrowing level was increased to $25,000,000,
and the Company borrowed an additional $10,600,000. During 2000, the maximum
borrowing level was increased to $50,000,000, and the Company borrowed an
additional $23,400,000. The notes bear interest (7.99% at December 31, 2000) at
LIBOR plus a specified margin of up to 1.75% and interest is payable quarterly.
Principal and accrued interest is due and payable on September 30, 2001, with an
option for a four-year extension as a term loan. Under the agreement, the
Company is required to maintain minimum capital and surplus levels at American
Equity Investment Life Insurance Company and meet certain other financial and
operating ratio requirements. The Company is also prohibited from incurring
other indebtedness for borrowed money and from paying dividends on its capital
stock in excess of 10% of its consolidated net income for the prior fiscal year
(except that in 1999, the Company was permitted to make the dividend payments
reflected in the consolidated financial statements).

As part of its investment strategy, the Company enters into securities lending
programs to increase its return on investments and improve its liquidity. These
transactions are accounted for as amounts due under repurchase agreements
(short-term collateralized borrowings). Such borrowings averaged approximately
$50,365,000, $68,139,000 and $28,217,000 for the years ended December 31, 2000,
1999 and 1998, respectively, and were collateralized by investment securities
with fair market values approximately equal to the amount due. At December 31,
2000, the Company has securities lending programs with First Union Securities,
Inc. and Bear, Stearns & Co., Inc. with amounts due to each of $110,000,000 and
$0, respectively. The weighted average interest rate on amounts due under
repurchase agreements was 6.49%, 5.12% and 5.42% for the years ended December
31, 2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively.

8.  GENERAL AGENCY COMMISSION AND SERVICING AGREEMENT

The Company has a General Agency Commission and Servicing Agreement with
American Equity Investment Service Company (the Service Company), wholly-owned
by the Company's chairman, whereby, the Service Company acts as a national
supervisory agent with responsibility for paying commissions to agents of the
Company. Under the terms of the original agreement, the Service Company was
required to pay the greater of (a) 5% of the premiums collected by the Company
on the sale of certain annuity products, or (b) 50% of the agent's commissions
payable by the Company on the sale of those same policies. In return, the
Company agreed to pay quarterly renewal commissions to the Service Company equal
to .3875% of the premiums received by the Company on policies that still remain
in force. In addition, the Company has agreed to pay supplemental commissions
should lapses in any quarter exceed 1.88%, or certain other circumstances arise.
The Agreement terminates on June 30, 2005 or earlier should certain criteria be
met.

On December 31, 1997, the Service Company and the Company amended the Agreement
to provide for the payment of 100% of the agents' commissions by the Service
Company for policies issued from July 1, 1997 through December 31, 1997. In
return, the Company agreed to pay the Service Company quarterly renewal
commissions of .7% of the premiums received by the Company before January 1,
1998 that still remain in force, and .325% for in-force amounts received
thereafter. The revised quarterly renewal commission schedule commenced December
31, 1997. For policies issued from January 1, 1998 through August 30, 1999, the
original agreement remains in effect and, accordingly, the Company pays renewal
commissions of .325% of the premiums received on such policies which remain in
force.

On June 30, 1999, the Service Company and the Company further amended the
Agreement to provide for the payment of 30% of agents' commissions by the
Service Company for policies issued on or after September 1, 1999, and the
Company agreed to pay the Service Company quarterly renewal commissions of .25%
for in force amounts received thereafter. The above-described amendments to the
General Agency Commission and Servicing Agreement resulted from the ability and
willingness of the Service Company to assume differing levels of commitments
under the General Agency Commissions and Servicing Agreement.

In connection with the General Agency Commission and Servicing Agreement, the
Company records commissions and

                                      F-26
<PAGE>

a related payable for amounts paid by the Service Company. Interest expense is
recorded based upon estimated future payments to the Service Company based upon
an imputed interest rate (approximately 9.0%) for each of the periods presented.
Estimated future payments are evaluated regularly and the imputed interest rate
will be adjusted when deemed necessary. During the years ended December 31,
2000, 1999 and 1998, the Service Company paid $28,400,000, $37,723,000, and
$19,933,000, respectively, to agents of the Company. The Company paid renewal
commissions to the Service Company of $20,449,000, $7,001,000, and $5,328,000,
respectively, which were used to reduce the amount due under commission and
servicing agreement, and amounts attributable to imputed interest.

Estimated future payments under the General Agency Commission and Servicing
Agreement at December 31, 2000 are as follows (Dollars in thousands):
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                      Year ending December 31:

<S>                                             <C>                       <C>
                                                2001                      $               31,229

                                                2002                                      22,229

                                                2003                                      20,651

                                                2004                                      14,451
                                                                          ----------------------
                                                                                          88,560

                               Amounts representing interest                             (12,532)
                                                                          ----------------------
                               Net                                        $               76,028
                                                                          ======================
</TABLE>

From January, 1997 to July, 1999, the Service Company borrowed approximately
$45,000,000 from David J. Noble, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
of the Company as the source of funding its portion of producing agents'
commission payments. During 1999, the Company agreed to loan the Service Company
up to $50,000,000 as an alternate source of funds for such first year
commissions, and the Company advanced $27,000,000 and $18,175,000 to the Service
Company during the years ended December 31, 2000 and 1999, respectively,
pursuant to the promissory note evidencing this agreement. Principal and
interest on all loans to the Service Company are payable quarterly over five
years from the date of the advance. Interest on all such indebtedness accrues at
"reference rate" of the financial institution which is the Company's principal
lender. This rate averaged 8.64% in 2000, 8.25% in 1999, and 7.72% in 1998. The
Service Company repays the above described indebtedness from the renewal
commissions paid to it under the General Agency Commission and Servicing
Agreement

9.  MINORITY INTERESTS IN SUBSIDIARY TRUSTS

During 1999, American Equity Capital Trust I ("Trust I"), a wholly-owned
subsidiary of the Company, issued $25,970,000 of 8% Convertible Trust Preferred
Securities (the "8% Trust Preferred Securities"). In connection with Trust I's
issuance of the 8% Trust Preferred Securities and the related purchase by the
Company of all of Trust I's common securities, the Company issued $26,773,000 in
principal amount of its 8% Convertible Junior Subordinated Debentures, due
September 30, 2029 (the "8% Debentures") to Trust I. The sole assets of Trust I
are the 8% Debentures and any interest accrued thereon. Each 8% Trust Preferred
Security is convertible into one share of common stock of the Company at a
conversion price equal to the lesser of (i) $30 per share or (ii) 90% of the
initial price per share to the public of the Company's common stock sold in
connection with its initial public offering of such common stock (the "IPO"),
upon the earlier of the 91st day following the IPO or September 30, 2002. The
interest payment dates on the 8% Debentures correspond to the distribution dates
on the 8% Trust Preferred Securities. The 8% Trust Preferred Securities, which
have a liquidation value of $30 per share plus accrued and unpaid distributions,
mature simultaneously with the 8% Debentures. At December 31, 2000, 865,671.33
shares of 8% Trust Preferred Securities were outstanding, all of which are
unconditionally guaranteed by the Company to the extent of the assets of Trust
I.

Also during 1999, American Equity Capital Trust II ("Trust II"), a wholly-owned
subsidiary of the Company, issued 97,000 shares of 5% Trust Preferred Securities
(the "5% Trust Preferred Securities") to Iowa Farm Bureau Federation, which owns
more than 50% of the voting capital stock of FBL Financial Group, Inc. ("FBL"),

                                      F-27
<PAGE>

parent company of Farm Bureau Life Insurance Company ("Farm Bureau"). Farm
Bureau beneficially owns 32.26% of our common stock. The 5% Trust Preferred
Securities, which have a liquidation value of $100 per share ($97,000,000 in
the aggregate), have been assigned a fair value of $72,490,000 (based upon an
effective 7% yield-to-maturity). The consideration received by Trust II in
connection with the issuance of the 5% Trust Preferred Securities consisted
of fixed income trust preferred securities of equal value which were issued
by FBL.

In connection with Trust II's issuance of the 5% Preferred Securities and the
related purchase by the Company of all of Trust II's common securities, the
Company issued $100,000,000 in principal amount of its 5% Subordinated
Debentures, due June 1, 2047 (the "5% Debentures") to Trust II. The sole assets
of Trust II are the 5% Debentures and any interest accrued thereon. The interest
payment dates on the 5% Debentures correspond to the distribution dates on the
5% Trust Preferred Securities. The 5% Trust Preferred Securities mature
simultaneously with the 5% Debentures. All of the 5% Trust Preferred Securities
are unconditionally guaranteed by the Company to the extent of the assets of
Trust II.

10. RETIREMENT AND STOCK COMPENSATION PLANS

The Company has adopted a contributory defined contribution plan which is
qualified under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code. The plan covers
substantially all full-time employees of the Company, subject to minimum
eligibility requirements. Employees can contribute up to 15% of their annual
salary (with a maximum contribution of $10,500 in 2000, $10,000 in 1999, and
$10,000 in 1998) to the plan. The Company contributes an additional amount,
subject to limitations, based on the voluntary contribution of the employee.
Further, the plan provides for additional employer contributions based on the
discretion of the Board of Directors. Plan contributions charged to expense were
$42,000, $42,000 and $25,000 for the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and
1998, respectively.

The Company has entered into deferred compensation arrangements with certain
officers, directors, and consultants, whereby these individuals have agreed to
take common stock of the Company at a future date in lieu of current cash
payments. The common stock is to be issued in conjunction with a "trigger
event", as that term is defined in the individual agreements. At December 31,
2000 and 1999, these individuals have earned, and the Company has reserved for
future issuance, 280,929 and 288,180 shares of common stock, respectively,
pursuant to these arrangements. The Company has also accrued $1,060,000 and
$1,098,000 as an other liability at December 31, 2000 and 1999, respectively,
representing the value associated with the shares earned. In September, 1999, a
retired employee received a distribution of 27,120 shares in accordance with the
employee's deferred compensation arrangement.

During 1997, the Company established the American Equity Investment NMO Deferred
Compensation Plan whereby agents can earn common stock in addition to their
normal commissions. Awards are calculated using formulas determined annually by
the Company's Board of Directors and are generally based upon new annuity
deposits. For the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998, agents earned
the right to receive 262,395, 377,788 and 251,883 shares, respectively. These
shares will be awarded at the end of the vesting period of 4 years. A portion of
the awards may be subject to forfeiture if certain production levels are not met
over the remaining vesting period. The Company recognizes commission expense as
the awards vest. For the years ended December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998, agents
vested in 216,402, 159,402 and 76,026 shares of common stock, respectively, and
the Company recorded commission expense (which was subsequently capitalized as
deferred policy acquisition costs) of $1,587,000, $1,379,000 and $295,000,
respectively, under these plans. Amounts accrued are reported as other
liabilities until the stock has been issued. At December 31, 2000, the Company
has reserved 891,159 shares for future issuance under the plans. Two of the
Company's national marketing organizations accounted for more than 10% of the
annuity deposits and insurance premium collections during 2000.

The Company has a Stock Option Agreement with the Company's Chairman (and owner
of 10% of its outstanding common stock at December 31, 2000) which allows the
purchase of 1,200,000 shares of the Company's common stock. In 2000, the
Company's Chairman exercised warrants to purchase 240,000 shares of common stock
at an exercise price of $3.33 per share. Of the unexercised options, all of
which expire in 2007, 600,000 have an exercise price of $3.33 per share and
360,000 have an exercise price of $7.33.

The Company loaned the Chairman the aggregate exercise price of $800,000
pursuant to a forgivable loan agreement to facilitate his exercise of these
warrants. The forgivable loan agreement is with full recourse, and is not
collateralized by

                                      F-28
<PAGE>

the shares issued in connection with the exercise of these warrants. These
warrants were not issued in connection with the Company's employee stock option
plan, but were issued to Mr. Noble, the Company's founding shareholder, as part
of his initial capitalization of the Company. This loan is repayable in five
equal annual installments of principal and interest, each of which may be
forgiven if Mr. Noble remains continuously employed by the Company in his
present capacity, subject to specified exceptions.

The Company's 1996 Stock Option Plan authorizes the grants of options to
officers, directors and employees for up to 1,200,000 shares of the Company's
common stock. All 1996 options granted have 10 year terms, and vest and become
fully exercisable immediately. In 2000, the Company adopted the 2000 Employee
Stock Option Plan which authorizes grants of options to officers and employees
on up to 1,800,000 shares of the Company's common stock. Also in 2000, the
Company adopted the 2000 Directors Stock Option Plan which authorizes grants of
options to directors on up to 225,000 shares. All 2000 options granted have 10
year terms, and have a six month vesting period after which they become fully
exercisable immediately. The Company has elected to follow Accounting Principles
Board Opinion No. 25, ACCOUNTING FOR STOCK ISSUED TO EMPLOYEES (APB 25) and
related Interpretations in accounting for its employee stock options because, as
discussed below, the alternative fair value accounting provided for under SFAS
No. 123, ACCOUNTING FOR STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION, requires use of option
valuation models that were not developed for use in valuing employee stock
options. Under APB 25, because the exercise price of the Company's employee
stock options equals the fair value of the underlying stock on the date of
grant, no compensation expense is recognized.

Changes in the number of stock options outstanding during the years ended
December 31, 2000, 1999 and 1998 are as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                   WEIGHTED-
                                                                                   AVERAGE
                                                                                   EXERCISE         TOTAL
                                                                 NUMBER OF         PRICE PER       EXERCISE
                                                                   SHARES            SHARE           PRICE
                                                            ----------------   ---------------  ----------------
                                                               (Dollars in thousands, except per share data)

<S>                                                                <C>         <C>              <C>
         Outstanding at January 1, 1998                            1,607,100   $          3.54  $          5,690
            Granted                                                  115,500              5.33               616
            Cancelled                                               (49,500)              3.39             (168)
            Exercised                                                (2,100)              3.81               (8)
                                                            ----------------                    ----------------

         Outstanding at December 31, 1998                          1,671,000              3.67             6,130
            Granted                                                  287,760              7.48             2,152
            Converted                                                360,000              7.33             2,640
            Cancelled                                                (4,650)              6.67              (31)
            Exercised                                               (21,675)              3.42              (74)
                                                            ----------------                    ----------------
         Outstanding at December 31, 1999                          2,292,435              4.72            10,817
            Granted                                                1,049,532              9.67            10,146
            Cancelled                                              (118,575)              6.29             (746)
            Exercised                                               (52,650)              3.68             (194)
                                                            ----------------                    ----------------
         Outstanding at December 31, 2000                          3,170,742              6.32  $         20,023
                                                            ================                    ================
</TABLE>

                                      F-29
<PAGE>

Stock options outstanding at December 31, 2000 (all currently exercisable) are
follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                          WEIGHTED-
                                                                                           AVERAGE
                                                                                        REMAINING LIFE
                                                                             NUMBER       (IN YEARS)
                                                                         ------------  ---------------
<S>                                                                        <C>               <C>
                    Exercise price:
                    $3.33                                                  1,069,500         6.19
                    $4.00                                                    347,250         6.56
                    $5.33                                                    121,500         7.66
                    $7.33                                                    572,460         7.17
                    $8.67                                                     24,000         8.92
                    $9.67                                                  1,036,032        10.00
                                                                         ------------
                                                                           3,170,742         7.73
                                                                         ============
</TABLE>

At December 31, 2000, the Company had no shares of common stock available for
future grant under the 1996 Stock Option Plan; 971,718 shares of common stock
available for future grant under the 2000 Employee Stock Option Plan; and
225,000 shares of common stock available for future grant under the 2000
Directors Stock Option Plan.

On December 1, 1997, in connection with a rights offering of shares of the
Company's common stock, the Company issued subscription rights to purchase an
aggregate of 2,157,375 shares of the Company's common stock to certain officers
and directors. The subscription rights have an exercise price of $5.33 per
share, were fully exercisable immediately, and expire on December 1, 2002.

Pro forma information regarding net income is required by SFAS No. 123, and has
been determined as if the Company had accounted for its employee stock options
and subscription rights under the fair value method of that statement. The fair
value for these options was estimated at the date of grant using a minimum value
option pricing model (which is used for non-public companies) with the following
weighted-average assumptions:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                               YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31
                                                                         2000             1999               1998
                                                                   ---------------  ---------------  ---------------

<S>                                                                        <C>              <C>              <C>
         Risk-free interest rate                                           6.70%            4.73%            5.40%
         Dividend yield                                                      0%               0%               0%
         Weighted-average expected life                                    3 years          3 years          3 years
</TABLE>

The minimum value option pricing model is similar to the Black-Scholes option
valuation model (which is primarily used for public companies) except that it
excludes an assumption for the expected volatility of market price. The
Black-Scholes option valuation model was developed for use in estimating the
fair value of traded options which have no vesting restrictions and are fully
transferable. Because the Company's employee stock options have characteristics
significantly different from those of traded options, and because changes in the
subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate, in
management's opinion, the existing models do not necessarily provide a reliable
single measure of the fair value of its employee stock options.

For purposes of pro forma disclosures, the estimated fair value of the options
is amortized to expense over the options' vesting period. The Company's pro
forma net earnings and earnings per common share were as follows:

                                      F-30
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                      YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31
                                                             2000               1999               1998
                                                      -----------------  -----------------   ----------------
                                                           (Dollars in thousands, except per share data)
<S>                                                   <C>                <C>                 <C>
     Net income, as reported                          $           4,784  $           2,443   $            244
     Net income, pro forma                                        3,583              2,035                189
     Basic earnings per common share, as reported                  0.33               0.17               0.02
     Basic earnings per common share, pro forma                    0.25               0.14               0.01
     Diluted earnings per common share, as reported                0.26               0.14               0.02
     Diluted earnings per common share, pro forma                  0.19               0.12               0.01
</TABLE>

11. LIFE INSURANCE SUBSIDIARY

Prior approval of regulatory authorities is required for the payment of
dividends to the Company by its life insurance subsidiary which exceed an annual
limitation. During 2001, the life insurance subsidiary could pay dividends to
its parent of $14,505,000, without prior approval from regulatory authorities.

The financial statements of American Equity Investment Life Insurance Company
differ from related statutory-basis financial statements principally as follows:
(a) the bond portfolio is segregated into held-for-investment (carried at
amortized cost), available-for-sale (carried at fair value), and trading
(carried at fair value) classifications rather than generally being carried at
amortized cost; (b) derivative instruments are recorded at amortized cost plus
intrinsic value rather than market value; (c) acquisition costs of acquiring new
business are deferred and amortized over the life of the policies rather than
charged to operations as incurred; (d) the excess of purchase price over net
assets acquired in business combinations is allocated to identifiable
intangibles such as value of insurance in force acquired, rather than being
entirely attributable to goodwill (a portion of which may be non-admitted); (e)
policy reserves on traditional life and accident and health insurance products
are based on reasonable assumptions of expected mortality, morbidity, interest
and withdrawals which include a provision for possible adverse deviation from
such assumptions which may differ from reserves based on statutory mortality
rates and interest; (f) future policy benefit reserves on certain universal life
and annuity products are based on full account values, rather than discounting
methodologies utilizing statutory interest rates; (g) a liability is recorded
for the present value of estimated amounts due under the General Agency
Commission and Servicing Agreement rather than recording such amounts as they
become due; (h) reinsurance amounts are shown as gross amounts, net of an
allowance for uncollectible amounts, on the consolidated balance sheet rather
than netted against the corresponding receivable or payable; (i) deferred income
taxes are provided for the difference between the financial statement and income
tax bases of assets and liabilities; (j) net realized gains or losses attributed
to changes in the level of interest rates in the market are recognized as gains
or losses in the statement of income when the sale is completed rather than
deferred and amortized over the remaining life of the fixed maturity security or
mortgage loan; (k) declines in the estimated realizable value of investments are
charged to the statement of operations for declines in value, when such declines
in value are judged to be other than temporary rather than through the
establishment of a formula-determined statutory investment reserve (carried as a
liability), changes in which are charged directly to surplus; (l) agents'
balances and certain other assets designated as "non-admitted assets" for
statutory purposes are reported as assets rather than being charged to surplus;
(m) revenues for universal life and annuity products consist of policy charges
for the cost of insurance, policy administration charges, amortization of policy
initiation fees and surrender charges assessed rather than premiums received;
(n) pension income or expense is recognized in accordance with SFAS No. 87,
EMPLOYERS' ACCOUNTING FOR PENSIONS, rather than in accordance with rules and
regulations permitted by the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974;
(o) surplus notes are reported as a liability rather than as a component of
capital and surplus; and (p) assets and liabilities are restated to fair values
when a change in ownership occurs, rather than continuing to be presented at
historical cost.

Net income for the life insurance subsidiary as determined in accordance with
statutory accounting practices was $10,420,000, $17,837,000 and $4,804,000 in
2000, 1999 and 1998, respectively, and total statutory capital and surplus of
the life insurance subsidiary was $145,048,000 and $139,855,000 at December 31,
2000 and 1999, respectively.

The National Association of Insurance Commissioners has revised the ACCOUNTING
PRACTICES AND PROCEDURES MANUAL, the guidance that defines statutory accounting
principles. The revised manual will be effective January 1, 2001, and has been
adopted by the State of Iowa, the life company's state of domicile. The revised
manual will result in changes to the accounting practices that the Company uses
to prepare their statutory-basis financial statements. Management believes the
impact of these changes to the Company's statutory-basis capital and surplus as
of January 1, 2001 will not be significant.

                                      F-31
<PAGE>

12. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

The Company leases its home office space and certain equipment under operating
leases which expire through February 2005. During the years ended December 31,
2000, 1999 and 1998, rent expense totaled $575,000, $452,000 and $350,000,
respectively. At December 31, 2000, minimum rental payments due under all
noncancellable operating leases with initial terms of one year or more are
(dollars in thousands):

                 Year ending December 31:

                           2001                          $              573
                           2002                                         566
                           2003                                         548
                           2004                                         285
                           2005                                          35
                                                         ------------------
                                                         $            2,007
                                                         ==================
Assessments are, from time to time, levied on the Company by life and health
guaranty associations in most states in which the Company is licensed to cover
losses to policyholders of insolvent or rehabilitated companies. In some states,
these assessments can be partially recovered through a reduction in future
premium taxes. Management believes that assessments against the Company for
failures known to date will be minimal.

13.  EARNINGS PER SHARE

The following table sets forth the computation of basic earnings per common
share and diluted earnings per common share:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                 YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31
                                                                      2000                1999                1998
                                                                ----------------    ---------------     --------------
                                                                    (Dollars in thousands, except per share data)
<S>                                                             <C>                 <C>                 <C>
     Net income                                                 $          4,784    $        2,443      $          244
     Dividends on preferred stock                                            (6)               (13)                  -
                                                                ----------------    ---------------     --------------
     Numerator for basic earnings per common
           share                                                           4,778              2,430                244
     Dividends on preferred stock                                              6                 13                  -
                                                                ----------------    ---------------     --------------
     Numerator for diluted earnings per common
          share                                                 $          4,784    $        2,443      $          244
                                                                ================    ===============     ==============
     DENOMINATOR:
     Weighted average shares outstanding                              14,365,267         14,008,287         13,394,736
     Effect of dilutive securities:
         Preferred stock                                               1,875,000          1,875,000             10,275
         Warrants                                                        105,344            253,758            352,110
         Stock options and management subscription
                 rights                                                1,705,364          1,028,403            344,364

         Deferred compensation agreements                                537,059            352,461             40,599
                                                                ----------------    ---------------     --------------
     Adjusted  weighted average shares outstanding                    18,588,034         17,517,909         14,142,084
                                                                ================    ===============     ==============
     Basic earnings per common share                            $           0.33    $          0.17     $         0.02
                                                                ================    ===============     ==============
     Diluted earnings per common share                          $           0.26    $          0.14     $         0.02
                                                                ================    ===============     ==============
</TABLE>


The effect of the convertible stock of the subsidiary trusts has not been
included in the computation of dilutive earnings per share as the effect is
antidilutive.

                                      F-32
<PAGE>

                                   Schedule I

                       Summary of Investments - Other Than

                         Investments in Related Parties

                 American Equity Investment Life Holding Company

                                December 31, 2000

                             (Dollars in thousands)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                                          Amount at
                                                                                                            Which
                                                                                                           Shown in
                     Type of Investment                            Cost(1)             Value             Balance Sheet
------------------------------------------------------------   ---------------    ----------------     ----------------
<S>                                                            <C>                <C>                  <C>
     Fixed maturity securities
          Available for sale

               United States Government and agencies           $     1,052,193    $      1,038,151     $      1,038,151
               State, municipal and other governments                    4,874               4,884                4,884
               Public utilities                                         12,191              11,200               11,200
               Corporate securities                                    327,954             295,801              295,801
               Redeemable preferred stocks                               9,240               8,515                8,515
               Mortgage and asset-backed securities                    116,924             116,009              116,009
                                                               ---------------    ----------------     ----------------
                                                                     1,523,376           1,474,560            1,474,560

          Held for investment

               United States Government and agencies                   353,808             293,311              353,808
               Redeemable preferred stocks                              75,472              71,712               75,472
                                                               ---------------    ----------------     ----------------
                                                                       429,280             365,023              429,280
                                                               ---------------    ----------------     ----------------
               Total fixed maturity securities                       1,952,656    $      1,839,583            1,903,840
                                                               ---------------    ----------------     ----------------
     Equity securities

          Non-redeemable preferred stocks                                6,850               5,845                5,845
          Common stocks                                                    585                 826                  826
                                                               ---------------    ----------------     ----------------
               Total equity securities                                   7,435    $          6,671                6,671
                                                               ---------------    ================     ----------------
     Derivative instruments                                             34,707                                   34,707
     Policy loans                                                          264                                      264
     Short-term investments                                            152,475                                  152,475
                                                               ---------------                         ----------------
               Total investments                               $     2,147,537                         $      2,097,957
                                                               ===============                         ================
</TABLE>


(1)  On the basis of cost adjusted for repayments and amortization of premiums
     and accrual of discounts for fixed maturity securities and derivative
     instruments.

                                      F-33
<PAGE>


                                   Schedule II

                  Condensed Financial Information of Registrant

                                (Parent Company)

                 American Equity Investment Life Holding Company

                            Condensed Balance Sheets

                             (Dollars in thousands)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                               December 31
                                                                                         2000               1999
                                                                                   ----------------   ----------------
       ASSETS

<S>                                                                                <C>                <C>
       Cash and cash equivalents                                                   $          4,779   $            683
       Fixed maturity security, held for investment, at amortized cost
           (market: 2000-$35,487; 1999-$43,014)                                              36,845             46,668
       Receivable from subsidiary (eliminated in consolidation)                                 500              3,195
       Receivables from related party                                                        42,373             18,788
       Property, furniture and equipment, less accumulated                                       58                211
       depreciation:                  (2000-$914; 1999-$761)
       Debt issue costs, less accumulated amortization: (2000-$500;                           1,935               1765
           1999-$454

       Deferred income tax asset                                                              3,000               1963
       Accrued investment income                                                                  -                547
       Other assets                                                                             673                  -
                                                                                   ----------------   ----------------
                                                                                             90,163             73,820
       Investment in and advances to subsidiaries (eliminated in
           consolidation)                                                                   120,644             86,952
                                                                                   ----------------   ----------------
       Total assets                                                                $        210,807   $        160,772
                                                                                   ================   ================
       LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
       Liabilities:

           Notes payable                                                           $         44,000   $         20,600
           Payable to subsidiaries (eliminated in consolidation)                            102,730            102,029
           Amounts due to related party                                                       4,000              2,591
           Other liabilities                                                                  1,425              1,228
                                                                                   ----------------   ----------------
       Total liabilities                                                                    152,155            126,448

       Stockholders' equity:
           Series Preferred Stock                                                               625                625
           Common Stock                                                                      14,530              4,712
           Additional paid-in capital                                                        57,577             66,058
           Accumulated other comprehensive loss                                            (16,876)           (35,235)
           Retained earnings (deficit)                                                        2,796            (1,836)
                                                                                   ----------------   ----------------
       Total stockholders' equity                                                            58,652             34,324
                                                                                   ----------------   ----------------
       Total liabilities and stockholders' equity                                  $        210,807   $        160,772
                                                                                   ================   ================

See accompanying note to condensed financial statements.

</TABLE>

                                      F-34
<PAGE>

                                   Schedule II

                  Condensed Financial Information of Registrant

                                (Parent Company)

                 American Equity Investment Life Holding Company

                         Condensed Statements of Income

                             (Dollars in thousands)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                       Year ended December 31
                                                                              2000              1999              1998
                                                                        ---------------  ----------------  ----------------
<S>                                                                     <C>              <C>               <C>
Revenues:
    Net investment income                                               $         3,479  $          1,023  $            154
    Dividends from subsidiary (eliminated in consolidation)                       1,500             3,000                 -
    Interest from subsidiary (eliminated in consolidation)                          214                46                 -
    Surplus note interest from subsidiary (eliminated in consolidation)           2,006             1,079               158
    Interest on note receivable from related party                                2,053               582                 -
                                                                        ---------------  ----------------  ----------------
Total revenues                                                                    9,252             5,730               312

Expenses:
    Interest expense on notes payable                                             2,339               896               789
    Interest expense on debentures issued to subsidiary trusts                    7,663             2,069                 -
       (eliminated in consolidation)
    Other operating costs and expenses                                              620               822               819
                                                                        ---------------  ----------------  ----------------
Total expenses                                                                   10,622             3,787             1,608
                                                                        ---------------  ----------------  ----------------
Income (loss) before income taxes, equity in undistributed
  income of subsidiaries and minority interest in subsidiaries                  (1,370)             1,943           (1,296)
Deferred income tax benefit                                                       1,037             1,963                 -
                                                                        ---------------  ----------------  ----------------
Income (loss) before equity in undistributed income of
     subsidiaries and minority interest in subsidiaries                           (333)             3,906           (1,296)
Equity in undistributed income  of subsidiaries
     (eliminated in consolidation)                                               12,566               559             1,540
                                                                        ---------------  ----------------  ----------------
Income before minority interest in subsidiaries                                  12,233             4,465               244
Minority interest in subsidiaries - earnings attributable to company-
     obligated mandatorily redeemable preferred securities of
     subsidiary trusts                                                          (7,449)           (2,022)                 -
                                                                        ---------------  ----------------  ----------------
Net income                                                                       $4,784            $2,443              $244
                                                                        ===============  ================  ================
</TABLE>




See accompanying note to condensed financial statements.

                                      F-35
<PAGE>

                                   Schedule II

                  Condensed Financial Information of Registrant

                                (Parent Company)

                 American Equity Investment Life Holding Company

                       Condensed Statements of Cash Flows

                             (Dollars in thousands)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                     Year ended December 31
                                                                            2000               1999              1998
                                                                      -----------------   ----------------   --------------
OPERATING ACTIVITIES

<S>                                                                   <C>                 <C>                <C>
Net income                                                            $           4,784   $          2,443   $          244
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net
     cash provided by (used in) operating activities:
     Provision for depreciation and amortization                                    199                446              402
     Accrual of discount on fixed maturity security                               (334)              (334)                -
     Equity in undistributed income of subsidiaries                            (12,566)              (559)          (1,540)
     Minority interest in subsidiaries - earnings attributable to
       company-obligated mandatorily redeemable preferred
       securities of subsidiary trusts                                            7,449              2,022                -
     Accrual of discount on debenture issued to subsidiary trust                    521                522                -
     Deferred income tax benefit                                                (1,037)            (1,963)                -
     Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
         Receivable from subsidiary                                               2,695            (3,195)              127
         Receivable from related party                                            3,416              (613)                -
         Accrued investment income                                                  547              (547)                -
         Other assets                                                             (673)                 28             (26)
         Payable to subsidiaries                                                    180                  3             (18)
         Amounts due to related parties                                           1,409              2,591                -
         Other liabilities                                                          197              (342)              482
                                                                      -----------------   ----------------   --------------
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities                               6,787                502            (329)

INVESTING ACTIVITIES

Capital contributions to subsidiaries                                              (60)            (6,075)          (6,600)
Purchase of surplus notes from subsidiary                                             -           (17,000)          (5,500)
Purchase of note receivable from related party                                 (27,000)           (18,175)                -
Purchases of property, furniture and equipment                                        -                  -            (196)
                                                                      -----------------   ----------------   --------------
Net cash used in investing activities                                          (27,060)           (41,250)         (12,296)

</TABLE>


See accompanying note to condensed financial statements.

                                      F-36
<PAGE>

                                   Schedule II

                  Condensed Financial Information of Registrant

                                (Parent Company)

                 American Equity Investment Life Holding Company

                 Condensed Statements of Cash Flows (continued)

                             (Dollars in thousands)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                  Year ended December 31
                                                                           2000               1999              1998
                                                                    ------------------  ----------------  -----------------
<S>                                                                 <C>                 <C>               <C>
FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Financing fees deferred                                                           (216)           (1,801)                 -
Proceeds from notes payable                                                     23,400            10,600                  -
Proceeds from issuance of debentures to subsidiary trusts                            -            29,015                  -
Net proceeds from issuance of preferred stock                                        -                 -              9,968
Net proceeds from issuance of common stock                                        (619)            1,512              1,283
Acquisition of common stock                                                      1,956                 -                  -
Dividends paid                                                                    (152)             (107)                 -
                                                                    ------------------  ----------------  -----------------
Net cash provided by financing activities                                       24,369            39,219             11,251
                                                                    ------------------  ----------------  -----------------
Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                 4,096            (1,529)            (1,374)
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                                     683             2,212              3,586
                                                                    ------------------  ----------------  -----------------
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                            $            4,779  $            683  $           2,212
                                                                    ==================  ================  =================

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION
Cash paid during the year for interest:
     Notes payable                                                  $            2,339  $            896  $             467
     Debentures issued to subsidiary trusts                                      7,663             1,547                  -
Exchange of fixed maturity security for debentures issued to
     subsidiary trust                                                                -            72,490                  -
Fixed maturity security contributed to subsidiary                               10,157            26,156                  -
</TABLE>


See accompanying note to condensed financial statements.

                                      F-37
<PAGE>


                                   Schedule II

                  Condensed Financial Information of Registrant

                                (Parent Company)

                 American Equity Investment Life Holding Company

                     Note to Condensed Financial Statements

                                December 31, 2000

1.  BASIS OF PRESENTATION

The accompanying condensed financial statements should be read in conjunction
with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto of American Equity
Investment Life Holding Company.

In the parent company financial statements, the Company's investment in and
advances to subsidiaries (which includes surplus notes issued by the Company's
life insurance subsidiary) is stated at cost plus equity in undistributed income
(losses) of subsidiaries since the date of acquisition and net unrealized
gains/losses on the subsidiaries' fixed maturity securities classified as
"available for sale" and equity securities in accordance with SFAS 115,
Accounting for Certain Investments in Debt and Equity Securities.

The parent company's fixed maturity security is held for investment.

See Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for a description of the
parent company's notes payable.

                                      F-38
<PAGE>

                                  Schedule III

                       Supplementary Insurance Information

                 American Equity Investment Life Holding Company

                                December 31, 2000

                             (Dollars in thousands)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                          Future Policy
                            Deferred        Benefits,                          Other Policy
                             Policy      Losses, Claims                         Claims and        Insurance
                           Acquisition      and Loss             Unearned         Benefits          Premiums
        Segment               Costs         Expenses             Premiums          Payable        and Charges
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                       <C>            <C>                     <C>       <C>              <C>
Year ended
   December 31, 2000
     Life insurance       $     289,609  $     2,099,915         $      -  $        16,669  $         19,372

Year ended
   December 31, 1999
     Life insurance             178,800        1,358,876                -           11,553            13,746

Year ended
   December 31, 1998
     Life insurance              57,103          541,082                -            6,316            11,170

</TABLE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                                                              Amortization
                                              Benefits,       of Deferred
                               Net         Claims, Losses       Policy           Other
                           Investment      and Settlement     Acquisition       Operating           Premiums
        Segment              Income           Expenses           Costs          Expenses             Written
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                       <C>            <C>              <C>               <C>                     <C>
Year ended
   December 31, 2000
     Life insurance       $      89,477  $        65,257  $         8,574   $       26,166          $      -

Year ended
   December 31, 1999
     Life insurance              64,610           48,959            7,063           20,693                 -

Year ended
   December 31, 1998
     Life insurance              26,357           21,923            2,020           13,007                 -
</TABLE>


                                      F-39
<PAGE>


                                   Schedule IV

                                   Reinsurance

                 American Equity Investment Life Holding Company

                             (Dollars in thousands)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                          Ceded to       Assumed from                             Percentage of
                                          Gross           Other           Other                                       Amount
             Segment                      Amoun          Companies       Companies            Net Amount          Assumed to Net
-------------------------------------  --------------  --------------  ----------------  ---------------------  -------------------
<S>                                     <C>               <C>              <C>                   <C>             <C>
    December 31, 2000
      Life insurance in force           $   2,365,190     $   171,704      $    161,793          $   2,355,279          6.87%
                                        =============     ===========      ============          =============   ============
    Insurance premiums and
      other considerations
        Annuity and single premium
         universal life product
         charges                        $       8,338         -                 -                $       8,338             -%

    Traditional life insurance
      and accident and health
        insurance premiums                      8,600             182             2,616                 11,034          23.7%
                                        -------------     -----------      ------------          -------------   ------------
                                        $      16,938     $       182      $      2,616          $      19,372          13.5%
                                        =============     ===========      ============          =============   ============

    December 31, 1999
        Life insurance in force         $   1,555,677     $     1,268      $    990,516          $   2,544,925          38.9%
                                        =============     ===========      ============          =============   ============
    Insurance premiums and
      other considerations
       Annuity and single premium                                                                                          -%
        universal life product
        charges                         $       3,452     $      -         $          -          $      3,452

    Traditional life insurance
      and accident and health
      insurance premiums                        7,444           1,111             3,961                 10,294          38.5%
                                        -------------     -----------      ------------          -------------   ------------
                                                                                          $
                                        $     10,896      $     1,111      $      3,961                 13,746          28.8%
                                        =============     ===========      ============          =============   ============
    December 31, 1998
      Life insurance in force           $       1,407     $                $  2,398,544          $   2,399,951          99.9%
                                        =============     ===========      ============          =============   ============
    Insurance premiums and
     other considerations
      Annuity product charges           $         642     $   -            $    -                $         642            - %
      Traditional life insurance
       and accident and health
       insurance premiums                          19             567            11,076                 10,528         105.2%
                                        -------------     -----------      ------------          -------------   ------------
                                        $         661     $       567      $     11,076          $      11,170          99.2%
                                        =============     ===========      ============          =============   ============

</TABLE>

                                      F-40
<PAGE>

                                  EXHIBIT INDEX
 EXHIBIT
  NUMBER    DESCRIPTION
--------    -----------
     3.1    Articles of Incorporation, including Articles of Amendment**++

     3.2    Amended and Restated Bylaws+

     4.1    Agreement dated December 4, 1997 between American Equity Investment
            Life Holding Company and Farm Bureau Life Insurance Company re Right
            of First Refusal*

     4.2    Stockholders' Agreement dated April 30, 1997 among American Equity
            Investment Life Holding Company, David J. Noble, Twenty Services,
            Inc., Sanders Morris Mundy Inc. and stockholders*

     4.3    Registration Rights Agreement dated April 30, 1997 between American
            Equity Investment Life Holding Company and stockholders*

     4.4    Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust of American Equity Capital
            Trust I dated September 7, 1999+

            The Company agrees to furnish the Commission upon its request a copy
            of any instrument defining the rights of holders of long-term debt
            of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries

     9      Voting Trust Agreement dated December 30, 1997 among Farm Bureau
            Life Insurance Company, American Equity Investment Life Holding
            Company and David J. Noble, David S. Mulcahy and Debra J. Richardson
            (Voting Trustees)*

     10.1   Restated and Amended General Agency Commission and Servicing
            Agreement dated June 30, 1997 between American Equity Investment
            Life Insurance Company and American Equity Investment Service
            Company*

     10.1-A 1999 General Agency Commission and Servicing Agreement dated as of
            June 30, 1999 between American Equity Investment Life Insurance
            Company and American Equity Investment Service Company+

     10.2   1996 Stock Option Plan*

     10.3   Restated and Amended Stock Option and Warrant Agreement dated April
            30, 1997 between American Equity Investment Life Holding Company and
            D.J. Noble*

     10.4   Warrant to Purchase Common Stock dated May 12, 1997 issued to
            Sanders Morris Mundy Inc.*

     10.5   Deferred Compensation Agreements between American Equity Investment
            Life Holding Company and

                 -    James M. Gerlach dated June 6, 1996*
                 -    Terry A. Reimer dated November 11, 1996*
                 (c)  David S. Mulcahy dated December 31, 1997*

     10.6   Forgivable Loan Agreement dated April 30, 2000 between American
            Equity Investment Life Holding Company and D.J. Noble++

     10.7   2000 Employee Stock Option Plan++

     10.8   2000 Director Stock Option Plan++

     21     Subsidiaries of American Equity Investment Life Holding Company


                                      F-41
<PAGE>

----------

*    Incorporated by reference to the Registration Statement on Form 10 dated
     April 29, 1999

**   Incorporated by reference to the Registration Statement on Form 10 dated
     April 29, 1999 and Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to the Registration
     Statement on Form 10 dated July 20, 1999.

+    Incorporated by reference to Form 10K for the period ended December 31,
     2000.

++   Incorporated by reference to Form 10Q for the period ended June 30, 2000.

                                      F-42

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
