<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K405
<SEQUENCE>1
<FILENAME>c67590e10-k405.txt
<DESCRIPTION>ANNUAL REPORT
<TEXT>
<PAGE>

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                 UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
                             ---------------------

                                   FORM 10-K

                 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)
                     OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
                  FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2001
                         COMMISSION FILE NUMBER 1-1043
                             ---------------------

                             BRUNSWICK CORPORATION
                   (Exact name of registrant in its charter)

<Table>
<S>                                             <C>
                  DELAWARE                                       36-0848180
          (State of incorporation)                  (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)



    1 N. FIELD CT., LAKE FOREST, ILLINOIS                        60045-4811
  (Address of principal executive offices)                       (Zip Code)
</Table>

                                 (847) 735-4700
              (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

          SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OF THE ACT:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                            NAME OF EACH EXCHANGE
             TITLE OF EACH CLASS                             ON WHICH REGISTERED
             -------------------                            ---------------------
<S>                                             <C>
       Common Stock ($0.75 par value)                    New York, Chicago, Pacific
                                                         and London Stock Exchanges
</Table>

          SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(g) OF THE ACT:
                                      NONE

                             ---------------------

     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.     Yes [X]     No [ ]

     Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item
405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of the registrant's knowledge, in the definitive proxy or information
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any
amendment to this Form 10-K.     [X]

     As of MARCH 1, 2002, the aggregate market value of the voting stock of the
registrant held by non-affiliates was $2,372,937,249. Such number excludes stock
beneficially owned by officers and directors. This does not constitute an
admission that they are affiliates.

     The number of shares of Common Stock ($0.75 par value) of the registrant
outstanding as of MARCH 1, 2002, was 88,841,124.

                      DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

     PART III OF THIS REPORT ON FORM 10-K INCORPORATES BY REFERENCE CERTAIN
INFORMATION THAT WILL BE SET FORTH IN THE COMPANY'S DEFINITIVE PROXY STATEMENT
FOR THE ANNUAL MEETING SCHEDULED TO BE HELD ON MAY 1, 2002.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<PAGE>

                                FORM 10-K REPORT

                               TABLE OF CONTENTS

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                         PAGE
                                                                         ----
<S>        <C>                                                           <C>
PART I
Item 1.    Business....................................................    1
Item 2.    Properties..................................................    8
Item 3.    Legal Proceedings...........................................    8
Item 4.    Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.........   11

PART II
Item 5.    Market for the Registrant's Common Equity and Related          14
           Stockholder Matters.........................................
Item 6.    Selected Financial Data.....................................   14
Item 7.    Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition    15
           and Results of Operations...................................
Item 7A.   Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market          28
           Risk........................................................
Item 8.    Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.................   29
Item 9.    Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting    29
           and Financial Disclosure....................................

PART III
Item 10.   Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant..........   30
Item 11.   Executive Compensation......................................   30
Item 12.   Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and            30
           Management..................................................
Item 13.   Certain Relationships and Related Transactions..............   30

PART IV
Item 14.   Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules and Reports on Form    30
           8-K.........................................................
</Table>
<PAGE>

                                     PART I

ITEM 1.  BUSINESS

     Brunswick Corporation (the Company) is a manufacturer and marketer of
leading consumer brands including Mercury and Mariner outboard engines; Mercury
MerCruiser sterndrive and inboard engines; marine parts and accessories under
the Mercury Precision Parts and Quicksilver brands; Sea Ray, Bayliner, Maxum and
Sealine pleasure boats; Hatteras luxury sportfishing convertibles and
motoryachts; Baja high-performance boats; Boston Whaler and Trophy offshore
fishing boats; Princecraft fishing, deck and pontoon boats; Life Fitness, Hammer
Strength and ParaBody fitness equipment; Brunswick bowling equipment and
consumer products; and Brunswick billiards tables and accessories. The Company
also owns and operates Brunswick family bowling centers across the United States
and internationally, as well as a chain of specialty fitness retail stores
concentrated in the Northeast and Pacific Northwest regions of the United
States.

     The Company's strategy is to achieve growth by developing innovative
products, identifying and deploying leading-edge technologies, pursuing
aggressive marketing and brand-building activities, pursuing international
opportunities and leveraging core competencies. Further, the Company focuses on
enhancing its operating margins through effective cost management and
investments in technology. The Company's objective is to enhance shareholder
value by achieving returns on investments that exceed its cost of capital.

     During 2001, the Company substantially completed the divestiture of its
former outdoor recreation segment, including its cooler, hunting sports
accessories and North American fishing businesses. The Company completed the
sale of its bicycle and camping businesses in 2000 and its European fishing
business in early 2002. The Company's reportable segments following these
divestitures are: Marine Engine, Boat, and Recreation. Prior-year numbers have
been restated to conform with the discontinued operations and new segment
presentations. See NOTE 3, SEGMENT INFORMATION, in the Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements for financial information about these segments.

                             MARINE ENGINE SEGMENT

     The Marine Engine segment consists of the Mercury Marine Group. The Company
believes its Marine Engine segment has the largest dollar sales volume of
recreational marine engines in the world.

     Mercury Marine manufactures and markets a full range of outboard engines,
sterndrive engines, inboard engines and propless water-jet propulsion systems
under the familiar Mercury, Mariner, Mercury MerCruiser, Mercury Racing, Mercury
SportJet and Mercury Jet Drive brand names. A portion of Mercury Marine's
outboards and parts and accessories, including marine electronics and controls
integration systems, steering systems, instruments, controls, propellers,
service aids and marine lubricants, are sold to end-users through marine dealers
and specialty marine retailers. The remaining outboard engines and virtually all
of the sterndrives, inboard engines and water-jet propulsion systems are sold
either to independent boatbuilders or to the Company's own boat companies that
comprise the Brunswick Boat Group (Boat Group).

     Mercury Marine has five two-stroke OptiMax outboard engines ranging from
135 to 250 horsepower, all of which feature Mercury's direct fuel injection
(DFI) technology. DFI is part of Mercury's plan to reduce outboard engine
emissions 75 percent by 2006 to comply with U.S. Environmental Protection Agency
(EPA) requirements. Mercury's product line of low-emission engines includes 13
four-stroke outboards ranging from 4 to 115 horsepower. These OptiMax and
four-stroke outboards already achieve the EPA's mandated 2006 emission levels.
The California Air Resources Board (CARB) mandated that EPA's 2006 emission
levels be met by 2001 with further emission reductions scheduled for 2004 and
2008. CARB has instituted a rating system for emissions reduction that
establishes ratings of either one star (75 percent reduction), two stars (82
percent reduction) or three stars (91 percent reduction). Mercury believes that
its 135-horsepower OptiMax is the only two-stroke engine in the world with a
three-star rating from CARB. All Mercury four-stroke outboards from 25 to 115
horsepower are also three-star rated.

     On February 14, 2002, Mercury Marine announced the formation of a joint
venture with Cummins Marine, a division of Cummins Inc., to supply integrated
diesel propulsion systems to the worldwide

                                        1
<PAGE>

recreational and commercial marine markets. The Company and Cummins will each
own 50 percent of the joint venture, Cummins MerCruiser Diesel Marine LLC,
effective April 1, 2002. Through the joint venture, Mercury will extend its
product offerings to include diesel-fueled propulsion packages in a displacement
range of 1.7 to 15 liters for pleasure, sailing, military and commercial
applications.

     Mercury also announced in February 2002 that it had acquired Teignbridge
Propellers, Ltd., and formed a manufacturing alliance with All Star Engine
Company. Teignbridge, located in Newton Abbot, United Kingdom, is a manufacturer
of custom and standard propellers and underwater stern gear for inboard-powered
vessels. The acquisition of Teignbridge will allow Mercury to extend its product
offerings to a full line of propellers and related equipment in markets and
applications not previously served. In connection with the All Star alliance,
Mercury will produce All Star's 708 engine, an aluminum block, fuel-injected V-8
which will be offered by Mercury's Racing division to the high-performance
marine market as well as to commercial marine and non-marine applications.

     Mercury's SmartCraft system, a total marine electronics and controls
integration system, links power, controls, and internal and external sensors, to
provide synchronized data and control over all essential boat functions.
SmartCraft systems leverage Mercury's advanced engine capability and allow
Mercury and its customers to take advantage of advances in communications,
entertainment and navigation electronics by providing a platform to integrate
these technologies and enhance the overall boating experience. SmartCraft was
introduced on a number of Mercury engine offerings beginning in 2000 and 2001,
and will be offered on a broader range of products beginning in 2002, including
Cummins MerCruiser diesel engines, the All Star 708 V-8, and numerous Mercury
and MerCruiser engines.

     Mercury Marine's product offerings in international markets include the
sale and distribution of a range of aluminum, fiberglass and inflatable boats
produced either by, or for, Mercury in Australia, France, Norway, Poland,
Portugal and Sweden. These boats are marketed under the brand names Armor,
Arvor, Askaladden, Bermuda, Mercury, Ornvik, Quicksilver, Savage, Uttern and
Valiant.

     In response to unfavorable market conditions, during 2001 Mercury Marine
undertook both permanent and temporary workforce reductions. Production
workforces were reduced through layoffs and through temporary plant shutdowns in
weekly increments to match production output with customer demand, while
full-time salaried employee costs were reduced through permanent reductions and
a one-week furlough. Approximately 325 positions were affected by permanent
workforce reductions.

     Domestic retail demand for the Marine Engine segment's products is
seasonal, with sales generally highest in the second quarter. A number of
factors can influence demand for the Marine Engine segment's products,
including, but not limited to:

     -  Economic conditions and consumer confidence in the United States and
        certain international regions;
     -  Adverse weather in key geographic areas, including excessive rain,
        prolonged below-average temperatures and severe heat or drought,
        particularly during the key selling season;
     -  The level of inventories maintained by the segment's dealers,
        independent boatbuilders and the Company's Boat Group;
     -  The segment's ability to make technological advancements to meet
        customer demands;
     -  The segment's ability to provide competitive products;
     -  Consumer demand for the Company's boat offerings and those of other
        major domestic boatbuilders;
     -  Fuel costs;
     -  Prevailing interest rates; and
     -  Consumer interest in recreational boating.

                                  BOAT SEGMENT

     The Boat segment consists of the Brunswick Boat Group, which manufactures
and markets fiberglass pleasure boats, high-performance boats, offshore fishing
boats, and aluminum fishing, deck and pontoon boats. The Company believes its
Boat Group has the largest dollar sales volume of pleasure boats in the world.

                                        2
<PAGE>

     The Boat Group was formed in October 2000 to leverage the Company's core
competencies in the marine industry by combining all of its boat brands within
one operating unit. Through its Sea Ray, US Marine, Hatteras, Sealine and
Princecraft divisions, the Boat Group manufactures and markets Hatteras luxury
sportfishing convertibles and motoryachts; Sea Ray, Bayliner, Maxum and Sealine
motoryachts, cruisers and runabouts; Boston Whaler and Trophy offshore fishing
boats; Baja high-performance boats; Princecraft aluminum fishing, deck and
pontoon boats; and Escort boat trailers. The Boat Group procures outboard
engines, gasoline sterndrives and gasoline inboard engines from the Mercury
Marine Group.

     During 2001, the Boat Group made several important acquisitions, including
Hatteras Yachts, Inc., a manufacturer of luxury sportfishing convertibles and
motoryachts from 50 to 100 feet in length with manufacturing facilities in New
Bern, North Carolina; Princecraft Boats, a manufacturer of an extensive line of
aluminum pontoon, deck and fishing boats with manufacturing facilities in
Princeville, Quebec, Canada; and Sealine International, a manufacturer of luxury
sport cruisers and motoryachts from 23 to 51 feet in length with manufacturing
facilities in Kidderminster, United Kingdom.

     The Company closed six of its boat manufacturing plants during 2001. The
closed plants were located in Phoenix, Arizona; Tallahassee, Florida; two plants
in Valdosta, Georgia; Miami, Oklahoma; and Spokane, Washington. The affected
plants manufactured Bayliner, Maxum and Sea Ray boats. The closures were made to
capitalize on improved operating efficiencies at the remaining boat plants and
to facilitate reduction of pipeline inventories through reduced production
volumes. The Company also chose to delay the opening of a plant it has
constructed in Cape Canaveral, Florida. Also in 2001, the Company completed
workforce reductions at several manufacturing plants and implemented production
suspensions. In all, approximately 2,750 hourly and salaried positions were
eliminated in connection with these plant closures and workforce reductions.
Following completion of the closures, and the acquisitions of Hatteras,
Princecraft and Sealine, the Boat Group has 15 boat plants throughout the United
States, one boat plant in Canada and one in the United Kingdom, and component
plants in the United States and United Kingdom.

     The Boat Group's products are sold to end users through dealers. Sales to
the Boat Group's largest dealer, with multiple locations, comprised
approximately 19 percent of Boat segment sales in 2001. Domestic retail demand
for pleasure boats is seasonal with sales generally highest in the second
quarter. A number of factors can influence demand for the Boat segment's
products, including, but not limited to:

     -  Economic conditions and consumer confidence in the United States and
        certain international regions;
     -  Adverse weather in key geographic areas, including excessive rain,
        prolonged below average temperatures and severe heat or drought,
        particularly during the key selling season;
     -  The level of inventories maintained by the segment's dealers;
     -  The segment's ability to provide competitive products;
     -  Availability of effective distribution;
     -  Fuel costs;
     -  Prevailing interest rates; and
     -  Consumer interest in recreational boating.

                               RECREATION SEGMENT

     The Recreation segment includes the Life Fitness exercise equipment
business and the Brunswick Bowling and Billiards (BB&B) business.

     The Company believes Life Fitness has the largest dollar sales volume of
commercial fitness equipment in the world. Life Fitness designs, markets and
manufactures a full line of reliable, high-quality cardiovascular fitness
equipment (including treadmills, total-body cross-trainers, and stationary
bikes) and strength-training fitness equipment under the Life Fitness, Hammer
Strength and ParaBody brands. Life Fitness serves the commercial (health clubs,
gyms, professional sports teams, military, government, hospitality, corporate
and educational facilities) and high-end consumer markets.

     In 2001, Life Fitness acquired all of the remaining interest in Omni
Fitness Equipment, Inc., and its affiliated companies (Omni Fitness). The
Company had previously accounted for its interest in Omni Fitness

                                        3
<PAGE>

under the equity method of accounting. Omni Fitness is a chain of 63 specialty
fitness retail stores that sell high-end fitness equipment directly to
consumers. Omni Fitness stores are concentrated in the Northeast and Pacific
Northwest regions of the United States.

     BB&B is the leading manufacturer and designer of bowling products,
including bowling balls, after-market products and parts, and capital equipment,
which includes bowling lanes, automatic pinsetters, ball returns and furniture
units. BB&B also sells computerized bowling-scoring equipment, which is
manufactured to BB&B's specifications.

     BB&B operates 121 family bowling centers in the United States, Canada and
Europe, and its joint ventures operate 24 additional centers in Asia. Family
bowling centers offer bowling and, depending on size and location, the following
activities and services: billiards, video games, pro shops, children's
playrooms, conference rooms for private meetings and birthday parties,
restaurants and cocktail lounges with entertainment. All of the centers offer
Cosmic Bowling, a glow-in-the-dark feature that enhances the bowling experience.
Twenty-one of the Company's North American centers have been converted to
Brunswick Zones, which are branded, state-of-the-art facilities featuring
enhanced recreational elements and media. Approximately 50 percent of the
recreation center facilities are owned by the Company.

     BB&B has a 50 percent ownership interest in Nippon Brunswick K. K., which
sells bowling equipment and operates bowling centers in Japan. In addition, BB&B
has a 50 percent ownership interest in Vulcan-Brunswick Bowling Pin Company,
which manufactures bowling pins in Antigo, Wisconsin. BB&B also has a minority
ownership interest in a joint venture in Thailand that owns and operates bowling
centers.

     BB&B designs and markets billiards tables, billiards balls, cues and
related accessories under the Brunswick brand. BB&B serves the domestic and
international commercial and consumer billiards markets. The Company believes it
has the largest dollar sales volume of billiards tables in the world.

     The Company's recreational products and services are sold through a variety
of channels, including mass merchandisers, distributors, dealers, bowling
centers and retailers, and directly to customers. High-end consumer fitness
equipment is sold through specialty retailers, including the Company's Omni
Fitness retail chain and other chains in which the Company has ownership
interests. Recreation segment products are distributed worldwide from regional
warehouses, sales offices and factory stocks of merchandise. Demand for the
Recreation segment's products is seasonal, with sales generally highest in the
first and fourth quarters, and is influenced by a number of factors, including,
but not limited to:

     -  Economic conditions and consumer confidence in the United States and
        certain international regions;
     -  Product innovation;
     -  Availability of effective product distribution;
     -  Consumer participation in fitness activities, bowling and billiards;
     -  Demand from owners and operators of fitness and recreation centers for
        new equipment from the segment;
     -  Availability of financing to the segments' dealers, retailers and
        commercial customers;
     -  Competition from alternative forms of recreation; and
     -  Product and facility quality, pricing, and customer service.

     The following table sets forth the net sales of the Fitness and BB&B
businesses of the Recreation segment for 2001, 2000 and 1999:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                              2001     2000     1999
                                                             ------   ------   ------
                                                                  (IN MILLIONS)
<S>                                                          <C>      <C>      <C>
Fitness....................................................  $397.7   $348.3   $290.5
BB&B.......................................................   368.1    422.4    442.9
                                                             ------   ------   ------
                                                             $765.8   $770.7   $733.4
                                                             ======   ======   ======
</Table>

                                        4
<PAGE>

                            DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS

     During 2001 and early 2002, the Company substantially completed the
divestiture of its outdoor recreation segment, announced in June of 2000, with
the sale of its fishing, hunting sports accessories, and cooler businesses. See
NOTE 11, DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements, for a description of the Company's discontinued operations.

                            INTERNATIONAL OPERATIONS

     The Company's sales to customers in international markets were $859.2
million (25.5 percent of net sales) and $838.4 million (22.0 percent of net
sales) in 2001 and 2000, respectively. The Company's sales into international
markets are primarily denominated in local currencies, while costs of products
manufactured or sourced are typically denominated in U.S. dollars. The Company's
international sales are set forth in NOTE 3, SEGMENT INFORMATION, in the Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements, and are also included in the table below,
which details the Company's international sales by region for 2001, 2000 and
1999:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                              2001     2000     1999
                                                             ------   ------   ------
                                                                  (IN MILLIONS)
<S>                                                          <C>      <C>      <C>
Europe.....................................................  $448.0   $432.1   $406.1
Pacific Rim................................................   171.4    166.4    151.4
Canada.....................................................   146.0    149.9    138.2
Latin America..............................................    64.1     59.6     60.0
Other......................................................    29.7     30.4     29.9
                                                             ------   ------   ------
                                                             $859.2   $838.4   $785.6
                                                             ======   ======   ======
</Table>

     Mercury Marine has a product customization plant and distribution center in
Belgium; sales and distribution centers in Australia, Brazil, Canada, China,
Japan, Malaysia, Mexico, New Zealand and Singapore; and sales offices in
Australia, Belgium, Brazil, Denmark, France, Germany, Indonesia, Italy, the
Netherlands, Norway, Russia, Sweden and Switzerland. Mercury Marine has boat
assembly plants in Australia, France, Mexico and Sweden. Mercury Marine also
operates a marina and club in China. Mercury Marine sales comprised
approximately 54 percent of the Company's total international sales in 2001.

     The Boat Group's boats are manufactured predominately in the United States
and are sold worldwide through dealers. Manufacturing locations in Princeville,
Quebec, Canada and Kidderminster, United Kingdom were acquired in connection
with the acquisitions of Princecraft Boats and Sealine International,
respectively, during 2001. In addition, kits for certain runabout boat models
are sold to approved manufacturers outside the United States who then
manufacture boats to specification and sell the boats under certain Boat Group
brand names. The Boat Group has sales offices in England, France, the
Netherlands and Spain, and product display locations in Australia, Brazil and
France. The Boat Group's sales comprised approximately 18 percent of the
Company's total international sales in 2001.

     Life Fitness sells its products worldwide and has sales and distribution
centers in Brazil, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, the Netherlands, Spain and the
United Kingdom, as well as sales offices in Austria and Italy.

     BB&B sells its products worldwide, has sales offices in various countries,
and a plant that manufactures pinsetters in Hungary. BB&B operates bowling
centers in Austria, Canada and Germany, has a 50 percent interest in an entity
that sells bowling equipment and operates bowling centers in Japan, and a
minority interest in a joint venture in Thailand that operates bowling centers.

     Recreation segment sales comprised approximately 28 percent of the
Company's total international sales in 2001.

                                        5
<PAGE>

RAW MATERIALS

     Raw materials are purchased from various sources. At present, the Company
is not experiencing any critical raw material shortages, nor are any
anticipated. General Motors Corporation is the sole supplier of engine blocks
used to manufacture the Company's gasoline sterndrive engines.

PATENTS, TRADEMARKS AND LICENSES

     The Company has, and continues to obtain, patent rights, consisting of
patents and patent licenses, covering certain features of the Company's products
and processes. The Company's patent rights, by law, have limited lives and
expire periodically.

     In the Marine Engine segment, patent rights principally relate to features
of outboard engines and inboard-outboard drives, including die-cast powerheads,
cooling and exhaust systems, drive train, clutch and gearshift mechanisms,
boat/engine mountings, shock-absorbing tilt mechanisms, ignition systems,
propellers, spark plugs and fuel- and oil-injection systems. Other significant
patents relate to marine vessel control systems.

     In the Recreation segment, patent rights principally relate to computerized
bowling scorers and business information systems, bowling lanes and related
equipment, bowling balls, fitness equipment and billiards table designs and
components.

     While the Company believes that marine engine and fitness equipment patents
are important to its competitive position in these businesses, the Company also
believes that future success in all of its businesses is mainly dependent upon
its engineering, manufacturing and marketing capabilities.

     The following are among the Company's primary trademarks or registered
trademarks: Air-Hockey, Anvilane Pro Lane, Baja, Ball Wall, Bayliner, Boston
Whaler, Brunswick, Brunswick Billiards, Brunswick Zone, Capri, CenterMaster,
Ciera, Control Max, Cosmic Bowling, DBA Products, Engine Guardian, Frameworx,
Fuze, Gold Crown, Hammer Strength, Hatteras, Jet Drive, Lifecycle, Life Fitness,
Lightworx, Mariner, Master Dealer, Maxum, MercNet, MerCruiser, Mercury,
MercuryCare, Mercury Marine, Mercury Parts Express, Mercury Precision Parts,
Mercury Propellers, Mercury Racing, Monster, MotoTron, OptiMax, ParaBody,
Precision Piloting, Princecraft, ProMax, Q Care, QuickFit, Quicksilver, Sealine,
SeaPro, Sea Ray, SmartCraft, SportJet, Teignbridge Propellers, Throbot, Trophy,
True Technologies, Typhoon, U.S. Play by Brunswick, Viz-A-Ball, WaterMouse and
Zone. These trademarks have indefinite lives. Many of these trademarks are well
known to the public and are considered valuable assets of the Company.

COMPETITIVE CONDITIONS AND POSITION

     The Company believes that it has a reputation for quality in its highly
competitive lines of business. The Company competes in its various markets by
utilizing efficient production techniques, innovative technological advancements
and effective marketing, advertising and sales efforts, and by providing
high-quality products at competitive prices.

     Strong competition exists with respect to each of the Company's product
groups, but no single manufacturer competes with the Company in all product
groups. In each product area, competitors range in size from large, highly
diversified companies to small, single-product businesses. The following
summarizes the Company's position in each segment.

     Marine Engine.  The Company believes it has the largest dollar sales volume
of recreational marine engines in the world. The marine engine market is highly
competitive among several major international companies and many smaller ones.
There are also many competitors in the marine accessories business. Competitive
advantage in the marine engine and accessories markets is a function of product
features, technological leadership, quality, service, performance and
durability, along with effective promotion, distribution and pricing.

     In December 2000, Mercury Marine's largest U.S.-based competitor, Outboard
Marine Corporation (OMC), filed for bankruptcy protection. Most of OMC's assets
were acquired by other marine companies in
                                        6
<PAGE>

connection with a bankruptcy auction of the assets conducted in February 2001.
OMC's bankruptcy increased demand for Mercury's products and resulted in market
share gains for Mercury during 2001. Although some of the former OMC engine
brands have re-emerged under different ownership, the future of the OMC assets
and their impact on Mercury's business remain unclear.

     Boat.  The Company believes it has the largest dollar sales volume of
pleasure boats in the world. There are hundreds of manufacturers of pleasure and
offshore fishing boats. Consequently, this business is highly competitive. The
Company competes on the basis of product features, technology, quality, dealer
service, performance, value, durability and styling, along with effective
promotion, distribution and pricing.

     Recreation.  The Company believes it is the world's largest manufacturer of
bowling capital equipment, billiards tables and commercial fitness equipment,
and one of the largest manufacturers of consumer fitness equipment. Certain
bowling products, such as automatic scorers and computerized management systems,
many billiards table designs and many fitness equipment products represent
innovative features and developments in the market. See ITEM 3, LEGAL
PROCEEDINGS for a description of certain litigation involving fitness equipment
patents. Competitive emphasis also is placed on product quality, marketing
activities, pricing and service. The Company believes it has the largest fitness
equipment service network in the United States. The Company operates 121 family
bowling centers in the United States, Canada and Europe, and its joint ventures
operate 24 additional centers in Asia, where emphasis is placed on maintaining
quality facilities and providing excellent customer service. The Company also
operates Omni Fitness, a chain of 63 specialty retail stores, where emphasis is
placed on providing excellent customer service and offering competitive
products.

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

     The Company's research and development investments, relating to new
products or to the improvement of existing products, are shown below:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                              2001     2000    1999
                                                              -----   ------   -----
                                                                  (IN MILLIONS)
<S>                                                           <C>     <C>      <C>
Marine Engine...............................................  $58.2   $ 60.8   $53.3
Boat........................................................   19.7     22.5    17.7
Recreation..................................................   18.0     18.9    18.7
                                                              -----   ------   -----
                                                              $95.9   $102.2   $89.7
                                                              =====   ======   =====
</Table>

NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES

     The approximate number of employees as of December 31, 2001, is shown below
by segment:

<Table>
<S>                                                            <C>
Marine Engine...............................................    6,240
Boat........................................................    7,300
Recreation..................................................    7,000
Corporate...................................................      160
                                                               ------
                                                               20,700
                                                               ======
</Table>

     There are approximately 2,200 employees in the Marine Engine segment, 200
employees in the Boat segment, and 350 employees in the Recreation segment
represented by labor unions. The Company believes that it has good relations
with these labor unions.

ENVIRONMENTAL REQUIREMENTS

     See ITEM 3, LEGAL PROCEEDINGS, for a description of certain environmental
proceedings in which the Company is involved.

                                        7
<PAGE>

ITEM 2.  PROPERTIES

     The Company's headquarters are located in Lake Forest, Illinois. The
Company has numerous manufacturing plants, distribution warehouses, sales
offices and test sites located throughout the world. Research and development
facilities are decentralized within the Company's operating segments and most
are located at individual manufacturing sites.

     THE COMPANY'S PRIMARY FACILITIES ARE IN THE FOLLOWING LOCATIONS:

MARINE ENGINE

     Saint Cloud, Florida; Stillwater, Oklahoma; Fond du Lac, Milwaukee and
Oshkosh, Wisconsin; Melbourne, Australia; Petit Rechain, Belgium; Saint Cast,
France; Juarez, Mexico; Skellefthamn, Sweden; and Newton Abbot, United Kingdom.

BOAT

     Edgewater, Merritt Island and Palm Coast, Florida; Cumberland and
Salisbury, Maryland; Pipestone, Minnesota; New Bern, North Carolina; Bucyrus,
Ohio; Roseburg, Oregon; Knoxville and Vonore, Tennessee; Arlington, Washington;
Princeville, Quebec, Canada; and Kidderminster, United Kingdom.

RECREATION

     Paso Robles, California; Franklin Park, Illinois; Falmouth, Kentucky;
Muskegon, Michigan; Ramsey, Minnesota; Bristol, Wisconsin; Szekesfehervar,
Hungary; 121 family bowling centers in the United States, Canada and Europe; 24
family bowling centers operated by the Company's joint ventures in Asia; and 63
specialty fitness retail stores in the United States.

     The Company believes its plants are suitable and adequate for its current
needs. The Company believes that all of its properties are well maintained and
in good operating condition. Most plants and warehouses are of modern,
single-story construction, providing efficient manufacturing and distribution
operations. During 2001, the Company's plants were operated at approximately 68
percent of capacity. The Company's headquarters and most of its principal plants
are owned by the Company.

     Two plants where Mercury Marine boats are manufactured, in Saint Cast,
France, and Skellefthamn, Sweden, are leased.

     The principal warehouse for the Life Fitness Division in Franklin Park,
Illinois, is leased through 2011. A Life Fitness plant in Paso Robles,
California, is leased until 2005.

     Approximately 50 percent of BB&B's family bowling centers are leased.

ITEM 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

     On January 22, 2002, the United States Supreme Court granted discretionary
review of the case Sprietsma vs. Mercury Marine, a "propeller guard" case on
appeal from the Illinois Supreme Court. At issue in Sprietsma is whether federal
law preempts tort claims alleging that marine engines should be equipped with
devices designed to protect against propeller injuries. Nine federal courts and
many state courts, including the Illinois Supreme Court in Sprietsma, have
previously found such claims to be preempted by the United States Coast Guard's
1990 decision, pursuant to the Federal Boat Safety Act, not to require propeller
guards. The Company does not believe that the resolution of this matter will
have a material adverse effect on the Company's consolidated financial position
or results of operations.

     On September 6, 2001, the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) informed the
Company that it had closed an investigation concerning the Company's bidding for
certain assets of Outboard Marine Corporation (OMC) as a part of OMC's
bankruptcy. On October 5, 2001, the FTC also informed the Company that it had
closed a separate investigation commenced in 1997 concerning certain of the
Company's marketing practices related to the sale of sterndrive marine engines
to boatbuilders and dealers.

                                        8
<PAGE>

     On October 26, 2000, the Company became one of 109 defendants in a suit
filed in federal court in Arizona by the Lemelson Foundation for allegedly
violating several of the Foundation's patents. The patents at issue involve
machine-vision and bar-coding technology, and the Foundation has asserted a
number of similar actions against other companies alleged to have used these
technologies in their distribution or manufacturing activities. This lawsuit has
been stayed by the Arizona court pending the outcome of a lawsuit filed against
the Foundation in Nevada. The Company does not believe that the resolution of
this matter will have a material adverse effect on the Company's consolidated
financial position or results of operations.

     On October 27, 1999, the United States Tax Court upheld an Internal Revenue
Service (IRS) determination that resulted in the disallowance of capital losses
and other expenses from two partnership investments for 1990 and 1991. The
Company appealed the Tax Court ruling to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia and posted a $79.8 million surety bond to secure
payment of tax deficiencies plus accrued interest related to the appeal. On
December 21, 2001, the Court of Appeals rendered a decision vacating the Tax
Court's opinion and remanded the case to the Tax Court for reconsideration in
light of an earlier Court of Appeals decision. If, on remand to the Tax Court,
the Company does not prevail, the net amount of taxes due, plus interest, net of
tax, would be approximately $135 million. The Company has settled all other
issues with the IRS on open tax years 1989 through 1994 and anticipates
favorable adjustments that would decrease the total net amount to approximately
$53 million, which would likely be payable in 2003. The Company does not believe
that the resolution of this matter will have a material adverse effect on the
Company's consolidated financial position or results of operations.

     In 1994, one of Life Fitness' competitors, Precor, Incorporated, filed a
complaint in federal court in Seattle, Washington, involving one of Life
Fitness' treadmills. The lawsuit claimed that Life Fitness had engaged in unfair
competitive practices in violation of the Washington State Consumer Protection
Act and that certain of its treadmills infringed a design patent held by Precor.
Life Fitness then filed an infringement claim against Precor, in connection with
Life Fitness' '207 patent for its flexible treadmill deck. On October 26, 1999,
the jury awarded Precor, now a subsidiary of Illinois Tool Works, Inc.,
approximately $5.2 million in connection with Precor's design infringement claim
against the Company, as successor in interest to the predecessor entities of its
Life Fitness division. The jury also rejected Life Fitness' '207 patent claim.
Precor was awarded up to $5.3 million in attorneys' fees and prejudgment
interest on the damage award. The Company appealed the verdict and the award of
attorneys' fees to the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit.
On June 27, 2001, the Court of Appeals issued its decision upholding the lower
court's finding that Life Fitness' '207 patent claim was invalid, and reversing
the lower court's finding that Life Fitness infringed Precor's design patent.
The Court of Appeals remanded the award of attorneys' fees to the lower court
for a redetermination based on the reversal of the willful infringement finding.
On January 10, 2002, the federal court ruled that Precor is entitled only to
those attorneys' fees directly attributable to the unfair competition claims
under the Washington State Consumer Protection Act. The Company does not believe
that the resolution of this matter will have a material adverse effect on the
Company's consolidated financial position or results of operations.

     In January 2000, Precor filed suit against Life Fitness in federal court in
Washington alleging that certain of Life Fitness' cross-trainer exercise
machines infringed Precor's Miller '829 patent. In 1999, before Precor filed its
lawsuit, the Miller '829 patent was re-examined by the U.S. Patent & Trademark
Office (PTO) and was rejected. The lawsuit was stayed while Precor sought a
reissuance of the Miller patent by the PTO. The PTO issued a modified patent on
March 5, 2002. Precor has announced that it would petition the court to lift the
stay and continue its lawsuit against Life Fitness. The Company does not believe
that its machines infringe the patent, as modified, but is unable to predict the
outcome of the second Precor case.

     Vapor Corporation, a former subsidiary that the Company divested in 1990,
has been named in a number of asbestos-related lawsuits, the first of which was
filed in 1988. The Company retained certain liabilities of Vapor, requiring it
to respond to these suits. The suits, most of which involve numerous other
defendants, allege that steam generators manufactured by Vapor prior to the
Company's ownership contained small amounts of asbestos. The generators were
used to heat railroad cars and the primary means of potential exposure appears
to have been to railroad workers performing inspections or repairs to the
generators. Neither the Company nor Vapor is alleged to have manufactured
asbestos. Early in the litigation, the Company's
                                        9
<PAGE>

insurers settled a number of claims for nominal amounts, while a number of other
claims have been dismissed. No suit has yet gone to trial. The Company does not
believe that the resolution of these lawsuits will have a material adverse
effect on the Company's consolidated financial position or results of
operations.

     The Company learned on February 27, 2001, that the Florida Department of
Environmental Protection had initiated an investigation into the alleged
improper disposal of hazardous materials at one of the Boat Group's facilities
in Merritt Island, Florida. The Company has cooperated with the officials
conducting the investigation, and on March 4, 2002, signed a civil consent order
effectively resolving the matter.

     The Company is involved in certain legal and administrative proceedings
under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act
of 1980 and other federal and state legislation governing the generation and
disposition of certain hazardous wastes. These proceedings, which involve both
on- and off-site waste disposal or other contamination, in many instances seek
compensation or remedial action from the Company as a waste generator under
Superfund legislation, which authorizes action regardless of fault, legality of
original disposition or ownership of a disposal site. The Company has
established reserves based on a range of current cost estimates for all known
claims.

     In its Marine Engine segment, the Company will continue to develop engine
technologies to reduce engine emissions to comply with present and future
restrictive requirements, including those imposed by the United States
Environmental Protection Agency and the California Air Resources Board. The Boat
segment continues to pursue fiberglass boat manufacturing technologies and
techniques to reduce air emissions at its boat manufacturing facilities.

     The Company believes that compliance with federal, state and local
environmental laws will not have a material adverse effect on the Company's
consolidated financial condition, results of operations or competitive position.
See NOTE 7, COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES, in the Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements, for disclosure of the potential cash requirements of
environmental proceedings.

                                        10
<PAGE>

ITEM 4.  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

     None.

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE COMPANY

     The Company's executive officers are listed in the following table:

<Table>
<Caption>
         OFFICER                            PRESENT POSITION                    AGE
         -------                            ----------------                    ---
<S>                       <C>                                                   <C>
George W. Buckley*......  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer                  55
Peter B. Hamilton*......  Vice Chairman and President--Brunswick Bowling
                          & Billiards                                           55
Victoria J. Reich*......  Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer     44
William J. Barrington*..  Vice President and President--US Marine Division      51
Kathryn J. Chieger......  Vice President--Corporate and Investor Relations      53
Tzau J. Chung*..........  Vice President--Strategic Planning and                38
                          President--Brunswick New Technologies
William J. Gress*.......  Vice President--Supply Chain Management               47
Kevin S. Grodzki*.......  Vice President and President--Life Fitness Division   46
Peter G. Leemputte*.....  Vice President and Controller                         44
B. Russell Lockridge*...  Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer      52
Patrick C. Mackey*......  Vice President and President--Mercury Marine Group    55
Dustan E. McCoy*........  Vice President and President--Brunswick Boat Group    52
William L. Metzger......  Vice President and Treasurer                          41
William E. Seeley*......  Vice President--Corporate Accounts and Distribution   54
Clifford M. Sladnick....  Vice President--Acquisitions                          45
Marschall I. Smith *....  Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary         56
Cynthia M. Trudell *....  Vice President and President--Sea Ray Division        48
Judith P. Zelisko.......  Vice President--Tax                                   51
</Table>

*Members of the Operating Committee

     There are no family relationships among these officers. The term of office
of all elected officers expires May 1, 2002. The Group and Division Presidents
are appointed from time to time at the discretion of the Chief Executive
Officer.

     George W. Buckley has been Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the
Company since 2000. From May to June 2000 he was President and Chief Operating
Officer of the Company. He was President of the Mercury Marine Group from 1997
to 2000, and during that period was also an officer of the Company, holding the
following positions: Executive Vice President, February to May 2000; Senior Vice
President, 1998 to 2000; and Vice President, 1997 to 1998. Prior to joining the
Company, he was President of the U.S. Electrical Motors Division of Emerson
Electric Co., a manufacturer of electrical, electronic and electromagnetic
products, from 1996 to 1997.

     Peter B. Hamilton has been Vice Chairman of the Company and President of
Brunswick Bowling & Billiards since 2000. He was Executive Vice President and
Chief Financial Officer of the Company from 1998 to 2000. He was Senior Vice
President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company from 1995 to 1998.

     Victoria J. Reich has been Senior Vice President and Chief Financial
Officer of the Company since 2000. She was Vice President and Controller of the
Company from 1996 to 2000.

     William J. Barrington has been Vice President of the Company since 1998. He
was named President--US Marine Division in March 2001, having previously served
as President--Sea Ray Division from 1989 to 2001.

                                        11
<PAGE>

     Kathryn J. Chieger has been Vice President--Corporate and Investor
Relations of the Company since 1996.

     Tzau J. Chung has been Vice President--Strategic Planning of the Company
since 2000 and President--Brunswick New Technologies since February 2002. He was
Senior Vice President--Strategy and IT for the Company's Mercury Marine Group
from 1997 to 2000. From 1994 to 1997 he was employed by Emerson Electric Co., a
manufacturer of electrical, electronic and electromagnetic products, as
Director--International for the U.S. Electrical Motors Division.

     William J. Gress was elected Vice President--Supply Chain Management of the
Company in February 2001. From February 2000 to January 2001, he was Executive
Vice President of the Company's Igloo business. Prior to that he was employed by
Mercury Marine, where he was Vice President of its MerCruiser Diesel business
from 1999 to 2000, Vice President of Business Development from 1998 to 1999,
Senior Director of Strategic Sourcing during 1997, and Director of Materials
Management from 1993 to 1997. From November 1997 to August 1998, he was Vice
President of Supplier Relations for Goss Graphics, Inc., a printing equipment
manufacturer.

     Kevin S. Grodzki has been Vice President of the Company and President of
its Life Fitness Division since 2000. Prior to joining the Company, he was Vice
President of Witco Corporation, a specialty chemical company, from 1997 to 2000.
From 1977 to 1997, he was employed in a variety of capacities by E.I. DuPont
DeNemours & Co., Inc., a global chemical company, where he was Vice President
and Chairman of DuPont Fuji Electronic Imaging, Ltd., a DuPont joint venture
involved in the development and manufacture of electronic imaging equipment,
from 1995 to 1997.

     Peter G. Leemputte was elected Vice President and Controller of the Company
in February 2001. From 1998 to 2000, he was Executive Vice President, Chief
Financial and Administrative Officer for Chicago Title Corporation, a national
title insurance and real estate related products company. He was Vice President
and a partner of Mercer Management Consulting, an international management
consulting firm, from 1996 to 1998.

     B. Russell Lockridge has been Vice President and Chief Human Resources
Officer of the Company since 1999. From 1996 to 1999, he was Senior Vice
President--Human Resources of IMC Global, Inc., a company that produces crop
nutrients, animal feed ingredients and salt.

     Patrick C. Mackey has been Vice President of the Company and President of
its Mercury Marine Division since 2000. Prior to joining the Company, he was
Executive Vice President of Witco Corporation, a specialty chemical company,
from 1998 to 1999. From 1993 to 1997, he was employed by E.I. DuPont DeNemours &
Co., Inc., as Director--Global Nylon Industrial Business, Director--Integrated
Operations and Human Resources for Nylon Europe, and Director of DuPont (UK)
Limited.

     Dustan E. McCoy has been Vice President of the Company and
President--Brunswick Boat Group since 2000. From 1999 to 2000, he was Vice
President, General Counsel and Secretary of the Company. He was previously an
officer of Witco Corporation, a specialty chemical company, where he was
Executive Vice President in 1999; Senior Vice President from 1998 to 1999; and
Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary from 1996 to
1998.

     William L. Metzger was elected Vice President and Treasurer of the Company
in May 2001. From 2000 to 2001, he was Assistant Vice President-Corporate
Finance. From 1996 to 2000, he was Director--Corporate Accounting.

     William E. Seeley was elected Vice President--Corporate Accounts and
Distribution in February 2002. He previously was employed by Mercury Marine,
where he was President of its Dealer and Retail Division from 2000 to 2002,
President of its Parts and Accessories Division from 1999 to 2000, and Senior
Vice President of Sales, Marketing and Service, and Senior Vice President of
Mercury's Canadian Business, from 1996 to 1999.

     Clifford M. Sladnick was elected Vice President--Acquisitions of the
Company in February 2001. He joined the Company in February 2000 as Assistant
General Counsel. From 1990 to 1999, he was Senior Vice President, General
Counsel and Corporate Secretary of St. Paul Bancorp, Inc.

                                        12
<PAGE>

     Marschall I. Smith was elected Vice President, General Counsel and
Secretary in July 2001. Prior to joining Brunswick, he was Executive Vice
President, Corporate Development and General Counsel of Digitas, Inc., a leading
e-commerce integrator, from 1999 to 2001. He was a principal in Hamilton Holmes
Associates, a financial and legal services consultancy, from 1998 to 1999. He
held the position of Senior Vice President and General Counsel of IMC Global,
Inc., a worldwide mining and chemical manufacturer, from 1993 to 1998.

     Cynthia M. Trudell was elected Vice President and President--Sea Ray
Division in April 2001. Prior to joining Brunswick, she held a number of
positions with various divisions of General Motors, including Chairman and
President--Saturn Corporation from 1999 to 2001, President--IBC Vehicles from
1996 to 1999, and plant manager, 1995-1996.

     Judith P. Zelisko has been Vice President--Tax of the Company since 1998.
She was Staff Vice President--Tax from 1996 to 1998.

                                        13
<PAGE>

                                    PART II

ITEM 5.  MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER
MATTERS

     The Company's common stock is traded on the New York, Chicago, Pacific and
London Stock Exchanges. Quarterly information with respect to the high and low
prices for the common stock and the dividends declared on the common stock is
set forth in NOTE 19, QUARTERLY DATA, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements. As of December 31, 2001, there were approximately 13,200
shareholders of record of the Company's common stock.

     The Company announced in 2001 that it would begin paying dividends annually
rather than quarterly, beginning in 2002, in order to reduce administrative
costs. Future dividends, as declared at the discretion of the Board of
Directors, will be paid in December.

ITEM 6.  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

     The selected historical financial data presented below as of and for the
years ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999, have been derived from, and should
be read in conjunction with, the historical consolidated financial statements of
the Company, including the notes thereto, and ITEM 7, MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION
AND ANALYSIS, including the MATTERS AFFECTING COMPARABILITY section, contained
elsewhere within this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The selected historical
financial data presented below as of and for the years ended December 31, 1998,
1997 and 1996, have been derived from the consolidated financial statements of
the Company that are not included herein. The financial data presented below
have been restated to present the discontinued operations in accordance with
Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 30.

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                    2001       2000       1999       1998       1997       1996
                                                  --------   --------   --------   --------   --------   --------
                                                      (DOLLARS AND SHARES IN MILLIONS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)
<S>                                               <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS DATA
Net sales.......................................  $3,370.8   $3,811.9   $3,541.3   $3,234.9   $2,993.6   $2,792.5
                                                  --------   --------   --------   --------   --------   --------
Unusual charges.................................  $     --   $   55.1   $  116.0   $   50.8   $   79.5   $     --
                                                  --------   --------   --------   --------   --------   --------
Operating earnings..............................  $  191.1   $  397.1   $  274.6   $  301.8   $  208.1   $  265.8
                                                  --------   --------   --------   --------   --------   --------
Earnings before income taxes....................  $  132.2   $  323.3   $  219.3   $  245.3   $  173.8   $  250.9
                                                  --------   --------   --------   --------   --------   --------
Earnings from continuing operations.............  $   84.7   $  202.2   $  143.1   $  154.4   $  111.3   $  160.6
Cumulative effect of change in accounting
  principles....................................      (2.9)        --         --         --       (0.7)        --
Discontinued operations:
  Earnings (loss) from discontinued
    operations..................................        --      (68.4)    (105.2)      31.9       39.9       25.2
  Loss from disposal of discontinued
    operations..................................        --     (229.6)        --         --         --         --
                                                  --------   --------   --------   --------   --------   --------
Net earnings (loss).............................  $   81.8   $  (95.8)  $   37.9   $  186.3   $  150.5   $  185.8
                                                  --------   --------   --------   --------   --------   --------
BASIC EARNINGS (LOSS) PER COMMON SHARE:
Earnings from continuing operations.............  $   0.96   $   2.28   $   1.56   $   1.57   $   1.12   $   1.63
Cumulative effect of change in accounting
  principles....................................     (0.03)        --         --         --      (0.01)        --
Discontinued operations:
  Earnings (loss) from discontinued
    operations..................................        --      (0.77)     (1.14)      0.32       0.40       0.26
  Loss from disposal of discontinued
    operations..................................        --      (2.59)        --         --         --         --
                                                  --------   --------   --------   --------   --------   --------
Net earnings (loss).............................  $   0.93   $  (1.08)  $   0.41   $   1.90   $   1.52   $   1.89
                                                  --------   --------   --------   --------   --------   --------
Average shares used for computation of basic
  earnings per share............................      87.8       88.7       92.0       98.3       99.2       98.3
DILUTED EARNINGS (LOSS) PER COMMON SHARE:
Earnings from continuing operations.............  $   0.96   $   2.28   $   1.55   $   1.56   $   1.11   $   1.63
Cumulative effect of change in accounting
  principles....................................     (0.03)        --         --         --      (0.01)        --
Discontinued operations:
  Earnings (loss) from discontinued
    operations..................................        --      (0.77)     (1.14)      0.32       0.40       0.26
  Loss from disposal of discontinued
    operations..................................        --      (2.59)        --         --         --         --
                                                  --------   --------   --------   --------   --------   --------
Net earnings (loss).............................  $   0.93   $  (1.08)  $   0.41   $   1.88   $   1.50   $   1.88
                                                  --------   --------   --------   --------   --------   --------
Average shares used for computation of diluted
  earnings per share............................      88.1       88.7       92.6       99.0      100.3       98.8
</Table>

                                        14
<PAGE>

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                    2001       2000       1999       1998       1997       1996
                                                  --------   --------   --------   --------   --------   --------
                                                      (DOLLARS AND SHARES IN MILLIONS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)
<S>                                               <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>
BALANCE SHEET DATA
Assets of continuing operations.................  $3,157.5   $ 3094.3   $2,685.3   $2,501.2   $2,445.8   $2,281.6
                                                  ========   ========   ========   ========   ========   ========
Debt
    Short-term..................................  $   40.0   $  172.7   $  107.7   $  170.1   $  109.3   $  112.6
    Long-term...................................     600.2      601.8      622.5      635.4      645.5      455.4
                                                  --------   --------   --------   --------   --------   --------
Total debt......................................     640.2      774.5      730.2      805.5      754.8      568.0
Common shareholders' equity.....................   1,110.9    1,067.1    1,300.2    1,311.3    1,315.0    1,197.7
                                                  --------   --------   --------   --------   --------   --------
Total capitalization............................  $1,751.1   $1,841.6   $2,030.4   $2,116.8   $2,069.8   $1,765.7
                                                  ========   ========   ========   ========   ========   ========
CASH FLOW DATA
Net cash provided by operating activities of
  continuing operations.........................  $  299.3   $  251.0   $  250.4   $  387.4   $   84.8   $  140.7
Depreciation and amortization...................     160.4      148.8      141.4      135.6      132.6      119.1
Capital expenditures............................     111.4      156.0      166.8      164.6      167.3      159.8
Acquisitions of businesses......................     134.4         --        4.2       32.8      331.1       39.6
Stock repurchases...............................        --       87.1       18.3      159.9        8.4         --
Cash dividends paid.............................      43.8       44.3       45.9       49.0       49.6       49.3
OTHER DATA
Dividends declared per share....................  $   0.50   $   0.50   $   0.50   $   0.50   $   0.50   $   0.50
Book value per share............................     12.61      12.22      14.16      14.27      13.22      12.16
Return on beginning shareholders' equity........      7.7%     (7.4)%       2.9%      14.2%      12.6%      17.8%
Effective tax rate..............................     36.0%      37.5%      34.7%      37.1%      36.0%      36.0%
Debt-to-capitalization rate.....................     36.6%      42.1%      36.0%      38.1%      36.5%      32.2%
Number of employees.............................    20,700     23,200     23,100     21,800     21,100     20,000
Number of shareholders of record................    13,200     13,800     14,500     15,600     16,200     18,400
COMMON STOCK PRICE (NYSE SYMBOL: BC)
    High........................................  $  25.01   $  22.13   $  30.00   $  35.69   $  36.50   $  25.75
    Low.........................................     14.03      14.75      18.06      12.00      23.63      18.13
    Close (last trading day)....................     21.76      16.44      22.25      24.75      30.31      24.00
</Table>

The Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements should be read in conjunction
with the above summary.

ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS

     Certain statements in Management's Discussion and Analysis are
forward-looking as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
1995. These statements are based on current expectations that are subject to
risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from expectations
as of the date of this filing because of factors discussed below under the
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS section.

OVERVIEW

  GENERAL

     Brunswick Corporation (the Company) is a manufacturer and marketer of
leading consumer brands including Mercury and Mariner outboard engines; Mercury
MerCruiser sterndrive and inboard engines; marine parts and accessories under
the Mercury Precision Parts and Quicksilver brands; Sea Ray, Bayliner, Maxum,
and Sealine pleasure boats; Hatteras luxury sportfishing convertibles and
motoryachts; Baja high-performance boats; Boston Whaler and Trophy offshore
fishing boats; Princecraft fishing, deck and pontoon boats; Life Fitness, Hammer
Strength and ParaBody fitness equipment; Brunswick bowling equipment and
consumer products; and Brunswick billiards tables and accessories. The Company
also owns and operates Brunswick family bowling centers across the United States
and internationally, as well as a chain of specialty fitness retail stores
concentrated in the Northeast and Pacific Northwest regions of the United
States.

     The Company's strategy is to achieve growth by developing innovative
products, identifying and deploying leading-edge technologies, pursuing
aggressive marketing and brand-building activities, pursuing international
opportunities and leveraging core competencies. Further, the Company focuses on
enhancing its

                                        15
<PAGE>

operating margins through effective cost management and investment in
technology. The Company's objective is to enhance shareholder value by achieving
returns on investments that exceed its cost of capital.

     Sales in 2001 decreased 11.6 percent to $3,370.8 million on reduced sales
from the marine engine, boat and bowling capital equipment businesses due to a
generally weakened U.S. economy. Operating earnings decreased 51.9 percent to
$191.1 million, primarily attributable to the decline in product sales and the
impact of lower production of finished goods across the Company's businesses.
See the MATTERS AFFECTING COMPARABILITY section below.

     The U.S. economic recession contributed to a reduction in domestic demand
for marine products during 2001, which adversely affected the results of the
Company's Boat and Marine Engine segments. The Company took actions during 2001
to stimulate retail demand and to reduce inventories by decreasing production
levels. The Company has taken, and will continue to take, additional actions, as
necessary, to keep inventories at desirable levels. The net effect of these
actions, along with the reduction in demand caused by general economic factors,
had an adverse impact on the Company's results for 2001, when compared with the
results of the prior year.

     While the effects of the recession were most pronounced on the Company's
Marine Engine and Boat segments, the Recreation segment was also adversely
affected. The most evident impact was the reduction in sales of bowling capital
equipment. Also affected was the growth rate at Life Fitness, which declined
from double-digit revenue gains in 1999 and 2000 to a single-digit gain in 2001.
If weak economic conditions continue, these effects could continue to have an
adverse impact on the Company's financial performance. Conversely, if economic
conditions improve, the Company believes that the measures it has implemented to
respond to the recession, including reductions in fixed costs and inventories,
will allow the Company to improve its financial performance relative to prior
reporting periods.

     MATTERS AFFECTING COMPARABILITY

     The Company's operating results for 2001 include the operating results of
Omni Fitness Equipment, Inc. (Omni Fitness), a domestic retailer of fitness
equipment; Princecraft Boats Inc. (Princecraft), a manufacturer of aluminum
fishing, deck and pontoon boats; Sealine International (Sealine), a manufacturer
of luxury sports cruisers and motoryachts; and Hatteras Yachts, Inc. (Hatteras),
a manufacturer of luxury sportfishing convertibles and motoryachts. The
operating results of Omni Fitness, Princecraft, Sealine and Hatteras are
included from their respective acquisition dates of February 28, 2001, March 7,
2001, July 3, 2001, and November 30, 2001. The effect of these acquisitions was
not material to the Company's financial results.

     Net earnings per diluted share totaled $0.93 in 2001 versus a net loss per
diluted share of $1.08 in 2000 and net earnings per diluted share of $0.41 in
1999. Comparisons of net earnings per diluted share are affected by several
unusual charges, as well as a change in accounting principle, which are listed
below and are discussed in detail in later sections. The effect of these items
on diluted earnings per share is as follows:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                              2001     2000    1999
                                                              -----   ------   -----
<S>                                                           <C>     <C>      <C>
Net earnings (loss) per diluted share -- as reported........  $0.93   $(1.08)  $0.41
Unusual charges.............................................     --     0.45    0.77
Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle.........   0.03       --      --
Loss from discontinued operations...........................     --     0.77    1.14
Loss from disposal of discontinued operations...............     --     2.59      --
                                                              -----   ------   -----
Net earnings per diluted share from continuing
  operations -- as adjusted.................................  $0.96   $ 2.73   $2.32
                                                              =====   ======   =====
</Table>

     There are a number of matters that affect the comparability of results
between 2001, 2000 and 1999. These matters include:

     -  Unusual Charges:  In 2000, the Company recorded a $55.1 million charge
        to operating earnings ($40.0 million after tax or $0.45 per diluted
        share) to increase environmental reserves related to the cleanup of
        contamination from a former manufacturing facility and to account for
        the write-down of

                                        16
<PAGE>
        investments in certain Internet-related businesses. In 1999, the Company
        recorded charges to operating earnings totaling $116.0 million ($71.4
        million after tax or $0.77 per diluted share) relating to litigation
        settlements.

     -  Change in Accounting Principle:  Effective January 1, 2001, the Company
        adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) Nos. 133/138,
        "Accounting for Certain Derivative Instruments and Certain Hedging
        Activities." Under SFAS Nos. 133/138, all derivative instruments are
        recognized on the balance sheet at their fair values. As a result of the
        adoption of this standard in 2001, the Company recorded a $4.7 million
        loss ($2.9 million after tax or $0.03 per diluted share) as a cumulative
        effect of a change in accounting principle, primarily resulting from
        interest rate swaps.

     -  Discontinued Operations:  During 2000, the Company announced its
        intention to divest the businesses that comprised the former outdoor
        recreation segment. In 2000, losses from the disposition of the
        businesses, which were based on estimates, totaled $229.6 million after
        tax, or $2.59 per diluted share. The discontinued operations generated
        after-tax losses of $68.4 million and $105.2 million in 2000 and 1999,
        respectively. Diluted loss per share from discontinued operations
        totaled $0.77 in 2000 and $1.14 in 1999. See the DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS
        section for a more detailed discussion of the operations that were
        discontinued in 2000.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

     CONSOLIDATED

     The following table sets forth certain ratios and relationships calculated
from the consolidated statements of income:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                     2001       2000        1999
                                                   --------   --------   ---------
                                                        (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS,
                                                        EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)
<S>                                                <C>          <C>      <C>
Net sales........................................  $3,370.8   $3,811.9   $3,541.3
Percentage increase (decrease)...................     (11.6)%      7.6%       9.5%
Operating earnings...............................  $  191.1   $  397.1   $  274.6
Earnings from continuing operations..............  $   84.7   $  202.2   $  143.1
Cumulative effect of change in
  accounting principle, net of tax...............      (2.9)        --         --
Loss from discontinued operations,
  net of tax.....................................        --      (68.4)    (105.2)
Loss from disposal of discontinued operations,
  net of tax.....................................        --     (229.6)        --
                                                   --------   --------   --------
Net earnings (loss)..............................  $   81.8   $  (95.8)  $   37.9
                                                   ========   ========   ========
Diluted earnings per share from
  continuing operations..........................  $   0.96   $   2.28   $   1.55
Cumulative effect from change in
  accounting principle...........................     (0.03)        --         --
Diluted loss per share from
  discontinued operations........................        --      (0.77)     (1.14)
Diluted loss per share from disposal of
  discontinued operations........................        --      (2.59)        --
                                                   --------   --------   --------
Diluted earnings (loss) per share................  $   0.93   $  (1.08)  $   0.41
                                                   ========   ========   ========
EXPRESSED AS A PERCENTAGE OF NET SALES:
Gross margin.....................................      23.2%      28.6%      28.6%
Selling, general and administrative expense......      14.7%      14.0%      15.1%
Operating margin.................................       5.7%      10.4%       7.8%
</Table>

     Results for 2000 include a $55.1 million pre-tax unusual charge to
operating earnings ($40.0 million after tax or $0.45 per diluted share) to
increase environmental reserves related to the cleanup of contamination from a
former manufacturing facility and to account for the write-down of investments
in certain Internet-related businesses. Results for 1999 included a $116.0
million pre-tax charge to operating earnings

                                        17
<PAGE>

($71.4 million after tax or $0.77 per diluted share) related to litigation
settlements. Excluding these items, the amounts are as follows:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                               2001     2000     1999
                                                              ------   ------   ------
                                                               (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS,
                                                               EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)
<S>                                                           <C>      <C>      <C>
Operating earnings..........................................  $191.1   $452.2   $390.6
Operating margin............................................     5.7%    11.9%    11.0%
Earnings from continuing operations.........................  $ 84.7   $242.2   $214.5
Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations.......  $ 0.96   $ 2.73   $ 2.32
</Table>

     In 2001, net sales of $3,370.8 million declined $441.1 million from 2000.
Excluding acquisitions completed in 2001, sales decreased 14.1 percent for the
year-over-year comparisons. The reduction in sales was experienced across all
three reportable segments, but was mainly attributable to lower sales in the
Boat and Marine Engine segments. Throughout 2001, weakened market conditions
adversely affected domestic marine sales, particularly small boats and engines.
Recreation segment sales benefited from growth in the fitness equipment business
internationally, but lower sales of consumer and commercial fitness equipment in
the United States, as well as reduced sales of bowling capital equipment and
products, more than offset the gain.

     International sales increased $20.8 million to $859.2 million compared with
$838.4 million in 2000. Sales in Europe increased $15.9 million, or 3.7 percent,
to $448.0 million in 2001, reflecting stronger sales of marine engine products
and fitness equipment, which were partially offset by reduced sales of boats and
bowling capital equipment. Unfavorable currency trends also adversely affected
international revenue comparisons. Marine engine product sales comprised the
largest share of international sales in 2001.

     In 2000, net sales of $3,811.9 million improved $270.6 million over 1999.
The 7.6 percent increase was primarily due to growth in the marine engine, boat
and fitness equipment businesses. Marine engine sales benefited primarily from
double-digit growth in international operations and good demand for low-emission
outboard engines. Boat revenues rose from increased sales of larger,
higher-margin boats, while increases in fitness equipment revenues resulted from
double-digit sales gains in domestic and international commercial and consumer
product markets.

     The Company's international sales in 2000 increased 6.7 percent to $838.4
million, a $52.8 million increase over the prior year. Sales in Europe of $432.1
million in 2000 increased $26.0 million, or 6.4 percent, over 1999. Stronger
sales of marine engine products and on-going growth in fitness equipment
revenues offset declines in boat sales. Sales in the Pacific Rim grew $15.0
million in 2000 to $166.4 million, with the 9.9 percent increase resulting from
additional sales of marine engine products, boats and fitness equipment. Sales
in both of these regions were adversely affected by unfavorable currency
fluctuations between periods. Marine engine product sales comprised the largest
share of international sales in 2000.

     Gross margin percentages decreased to 23.2 percent in 2001 from 28.6
percent in 2000. The 540 basis point decline in gross margin was principally due
to the impact of lower production rates, plant closures and extended shutdowns.
Production rates were cut to bring production in line with demand and reduce the
Company's inventory levels. Gross margins also declined as a result of a shift
in sales mix in the marine businesses toward international markets and lower
margin products.

     The Company's gross margin percentage held constant at 28.6 percent in 2000
and 1999, as benefits were achieved from cost reductions, an improved sales mix
and increased production volumes. These benefits helped to mitigate the
unfavorable currency effects resulting from the sale of products that are
manufactured in the United States and sold into certain foreign markets,
primarily Europe and Australia.

     Selling, general and administrative (SG&A) expenses, as a percentage of net
sales, increased 70 basis points to 14.7 percent in 2001 as compared to 14.0
percent in 2000. Excluding acquisitions, SG&A expenses as a percentage of net
sales were 13.7 percent or 30 basis points lower than in the prior year. SG&A
reductions have resulted from cost-containment efforts such as workforce
reductions, hiring and wage freezes, discretion-

                                        18
<PAGE>

ary spending controls, and reductions in performance-based compensation, as well
as gains recognized on the sale of a testing facility and two boat plants.

     In 2000, the Company's SG&A expenses were 14.0 percent of net sales versus
15.1 percent in 1999. The significant improvement resulted from overall sales
growth, as well as successful cost-containment efforts, especially in the Boat
and Marine Engine segments and the bowling business. Also contributing to this
improvement was better pension plan performance and decreased legal expenses in
2000, as well as spending on Year 2000 activities incurred in 1999, but not
repeated in 2000.

     Operating earnings in 2001 totaled $191.1 million versus $397.1 million in
2000 and $274.6 million in 1999. Operating earnings included the previously
mentioned $55.1 million pretax unusual charge in 2000 and the $116.0 million
pretax litigation charges in 1999. Excluding these charges for each year, 2000
operating earnings increased 15.8 percent to $452.2 million and 1999 operating
earnings increased 10.8 percent to $390.6 million. Operating margins, excluding
unusual charges, were 5.7 percent in 2001, 11.9 percent in 2000 and 11.0 percent
in 1999. The decline in operating earnings between 2000 and 2001 was mainly due
to the decline in product sales and the reduction in gross margin, partly offset
by lower SG&A expenses.

     Interest expense was $52.9 million in 2001, $67.6 million in 2000 and $61.0
million in 1999. The decrease in 2001 was primarily attributable to a decline in
the average outstanding debt levels and a lower weighted-average interest rate
on short-term borrowings of 4.76 percent compared with 6.58 percent in 2000.
Contributing to the increase in interest expense in 2000 versus 1999 was a
higher average outstanding debt balance due to increased commercial paper
borrowings to fund working capital requirements, capital expenditures and stock
repurchases, and a higher weighted-average interest rate on commercial paper.

     Other expense totaled $6.0 million in 2001 and $6.2 million in 2000 versus
other income of $5.7 million in 1999. Contributing to the other expenses in 2001
were joint venture losses and unfavorable currency adjustments. Start-up costs
incurred in 2000 in connection with an equity investment, the divestiture of a
joint venture in 1999 and unfavorable currency adjustments adversely affected
other income/expense comparisons between 2000 and 1999.

     The Company's effective tax rate was 36.0 percent in 2001, 37.5 percent in
2000 and 34.7 percent in 1999. Excluding the unusual charges, the effective tax
rate was 36.0 percent in all three years.

     Average common shares outstanding used to calculate diluted earnings per
share were 88.1 million, 88.7 million and 92.6 million in 2001, 2000 and 1999,
respectively. The decrease in average shares outstanding in 2001 and 2000 was
due primarily to the share repurchase program that was principally completed in
the first half of 2000. See the CASH FLOW, LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
section below for additional discussion of share repurchase program activity.

     MARINE ENGINE SEGMENT

     The following table sets forth Marine Engine segment results:


                                                   2001       2000       1999
                                                 --------   --------   --------
                                                     (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)

Net sales......................................  $1,561.6   $1,759.9   $1,614.8
Percentage increase (decrease).................     (11.3)%      9.0%
Operating earnings.............................  $  173.0   $  276.0   $  242.5
Percentage increase (decrease).................     (37.3)%     13.8%
Operating margin...............................      11.1%      15.7%      15.0%
Capital expenditures...........................  $   48.8   $   63.8   $   77.1


     Marine Engine segment sales declined 11.3 percent to $1,561.6 million in
2001 compared with 2000, primarily due to weak U.S. market conditions,
especially for small boats. Domestic sales of sterndrive engines and outboard
engines declined compared with the prior year. On-going efforts by dealers and
boatbuilders to reduce inventory levels also contributed to the decline in
sales. International sales were up 13.3 percent for the

                                        19
<PAGE>

year, despite adverse currency fluctuations, reflecting more favorable economic
conditions than in the domestic market and increased market share, due in part
to the bankruptcy of a competitor.

     Operating earnings for the segment decreased to $173.0 million from $276.0
million, and operating margins fell 460 basis points to 11.1 percent. Lower
absorption of fixed costs from reduced production rates and extended plant
shutdowns primarily accounted for the decline in operating margins for 2001
compared with 2000. An unfavorable shift in sales mix from higher-margin
sterndrive engines to lower-margin outboard engines, along with an increase in
international sales, also accounted for some of the margin pressure. Benefits
from cost-containment efforts and a reduction in salaried headcount partially
mitigated these factors.

     Net sales in the Marine Engine segment of $1,759.9 million increased 9.0
percent in 2000 versus $1,614.8 million in 1999. The increase resulted from 12.9
percent growth in international operations, despite adverse effects of
unfavorable currency exchange rates. Additionally, good demand for low-emission
outboard engines generated an increase in domestic outboard sales. Demand for
larger sterndrive engines and expanded distribution channels for parts and
accessories also contributed to the segment's sales growth in 2000.

     Operating earnings in the segment increased 13.8 percent to $276.0 million
in 2000 from $242.5 million in 1999. Operating margins for 2000 improved to 15.7
percent, 70 basis points higher than 1999. These comparisons were favorably
affected by leveraging the previously mentioned increases in sales, along with
benefits from increased production volumes and continued improvements in
productivity. Spending for legal matters declined in 2000 versus 1999. These
factors helped to mitigate the adverse effect of a stronger dollar against key
currencies and the unfavorable margin differential between low-emission and
traditional outboard engine offerings due to higher initial production costs.

     BOAT SEGMENT

     The following table sets forth Boat segment results:


                                              2001       2000       1999
                                            --------   --------   --------
                                                (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)
Net sales.................................  $1,251.3   $1,574.3   $1,476.6
Percentage increase (decrease)............     (20.5)%      6.6%
Operating earnings........................  $   18.1   $  148.2   $  120.7
Percentage increase (decrease)............     (87.8)%     22.8%
Operating margin..........................       1.4%       9.4%       8.2%
Capital expenditures......................  $   35.5   $   57.4   $   46.6

     In 2001, the Boat segment sales totaled $1,251.3 million, a decrease of
20.5 percent from 2000. Excluding the acquisitions of Princecraft, Sealine and
Hatteras, sales declined 24.3 percent. Weak market demand for small boats was a
leading cause for the decline, although demand for larger boats also weakened in
the second half of the year.

     Boat segment operating earnings totaled $18.1 million in 2001, declining
$130.1 million from the prior year. Operating margins also declined, falling 800
basis points to 1.4 percent for the year. The decline in operating margins was
primarily attributable to the reduced absorption of fixed costs due to lower
throughput, as well as temporary shutdowns at the boat plants. These actions
were taken to balance supply with demand and to reduce inventories. The costs
associated with the plant closures and an unfavorable shift in product mix
towards smaller boats, which carry a lower gross margin, also contributed to the
decline in operating margins. A portion of the decline was offset through
efforts to enhance operating effectiveness, as well as reduced costs and
decreased headcount.

     The Boat segment generated $1,574.3 million in sales in 2000, an increase
of 6.6 percent over 1999 sales results. The $97.7 million improvement in net
sales resulted primarily from a 10 percent increase in sales of larger,
higher-margin boats. Sales of smaller boats increased slightly for the year as
improvements in the first half of 2000, driven by an improved mix, were
partially offset by weakening demand experienced in the last

                                        20
<PAGE>

half of the year. During the second half of 2000, both dealer and Company
inventories of certain boat categories increased as retail demand slowed.

     In 2000, operating earnings in the Boat segment totaled $148.2 million, a
22.8 percent increase over 1999. Operating margins improved 120 basis points to
9.4 percent in 2000, up from 8.2 percent in 1999. Operating margins in 2000
benefited from a more favorable product mix resulting from increased sales of
larger, higher-margin boats and improved pricing.

     RECREATION SEGMENT

     The following table sets forth Recreation segment results:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                               2001     2000     1999
                                                              ------   ------   ------
                                                               (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)
<S>                                                           <C>      <C>      <C>
Net sales...................................................  $765.8   $770.7   $733.4
Percentage increase (decrease)..............................    (0.6)%    5.1%
Operating earnings..........................................  $ 35.7   $ 73.1   $ 73.9
Percentage decrease.........................................   (51.2)%   (1.1)%
Operating margin............................................     4.7%     9.5%    10.1%
Capital expenditures........................................  $ 25.7   $ 31.8   $ 41.9
</Table>

     In 2001, the Recreation segment reported sales of $765.8 million, down 0.6
percent from $770.7 million in 2000. Excluding the acquisition of Omni Fitness,
a specialty retailer, sales for the segment declined 5.3 percent. Sales of
fitness equipment increased 15.5 percent compared with the prior year, including
the effects of Omni Fitness. Sales gains in international fitness markets were
partially offset by reduced consumer product sales, as well as lower domestic
sales of commercial products, as health club chains delayed expansion and
upgrade projects due to the weakening economy. Retail bowling center sales were
up slightly on an "equivalent center" basis. Bowling equipment sales, including
capital equipment, balls, supplies and other accessories, declined due to
weakness in domestic and international markets, along with efforts to reduce
wholesale inventories.

     The Recreation segment reported operating earnings of $35.7 million in 2001
compared with $73.1 million in 2000. Operating margins declined 480 basis points
to 4.7 percent for the year-to-date period. The Recreation segment operating
margin reductions compared with 2000 primarily reflect the lower absorption of
fixed costs due to temporary plant shutdowns and production rate reductions,
partially offset by cost-containment efforts.

     In 2000, the Recreation segment reported sales of $770.7 million, up 5.1
percent from $733.4 million in 1999. The segment's sales growth was driven by a
strong performance from the fitness equipment business, which reported a 20
percent increase in sales resulting from double-digit gains in both commercial
and consumer products. Revenues from commercial fitness equipment products
improved primarily due to increased sales to health clubs and the military in
the United States as well as in international markets. New product introductions
and increased distribution drove the growth in consumer exercise equipment
sales. Bowling and billiards sales were down 5 percent for the year principally
due to a reduction in sales of bowling products. Revenues from retail bowling
centers also declined; however, the decrease was due to a reduction of six
bowling centers versus the prior year. Revenues from renovated bowling centers
(Brunswick Zones) were up 10 percent over the prior year.

     The Recreation segment's operating earnings totaled $73.1 million in 2000
versus $73.9 million in 1999, and operating margins fell 60 basis points to 9.5
percent in 2000. The decline in operating margins was attributable to the
unfavorable impact of a stronger dollar on the European operations in the
fitness equipment business, along with continued investment spending on new
products and market development. These factors were partially offset by
cost-containment efforts in the bowling and billiards businesses.

                                        21
<PAGE>

     DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS

     During 2000, the Company announced its intention to divest the following
businesses that comprised its former outdoor recreation segment: fishing,
camping, bicycle, cooler, marine accessories and hunting sports accessories.
These businesses have been accounted for as discontinued operations and the
consolidated financial statements for all periods have been restated to present
these businesses as discontinued operations in accordance with APB Opinion No.
30.

     The Company substantially completed the disposal of its discontinued
operations as of December 31, 2001. The sale of the hunting sports accessories,
cooler and North American fishing businesses were completed in 2001, and the
sale of the bicycle and camping businesses were completed in 2000. Cash
generated from these dispositions, including cash proceeds, net of costs to
sell, cash required to fund operations through disposition and related tax
benefits realized in connection with the divestitures, was approximately $275
million after tax.

     Discontinued operations experienced losses of $68.4 million in 2000 and
$105.2 million in 1999. Losses from discontinued operations included the results
of operations from the hunting sports accessories, marine accessories and cooler
businesses through September 30, 2000, and from the fishing, camping and bicycle
businesses through June 30, 2000. Losses relating to these businesses subsequent
to these dates were estimated and provided for in the loss on the disposition of
these businesses.

     The 2000 loss from discontinued operations of $68.4 million included the
write-off of goodwill and other long-term assets related to the camping business
($76.0 million pre-tax, $50.0 million after tax) that was recorded in the second
quarter of 2000. The write-off was necessary as the Company determined that
additional actions would not improve operating performance to levels sufficient
to recover its investment in these assets. Also included were asset write-downs
and restructuring costs, consisting primarily of severance in the fishing and
camping businesses, necessitated by a change in business conditions and the
decision to outsource the manufacture of fishing reels that were previously
produced in-house.

     The loss from disposal recorded in 2000 totaled $305.3 million pre-tax and
$229.6 million after tax. The losses associated with the disposition of these
businesses were based on an estimate of cash proceeds, net of costs to sell,
along with an estimate of results of operations for these businesses from the
date the decision was made to dispose of the businesses through the actual
disposition date. The tax benefits associated with the disposal reflect the
non-deductibility of losses on the sale of the cooler business.

     Losses from discontinued operations of $105.2 million for 1999 included a
$178.0 million pre-tax strategic charge ($114.0 million after tax). Despite the
Company's successful initiatives to expand distribution and reduce costs in its
bicycle business, the profitability of the business eroded as competition from
Asian imports substantially reduced market pricing for bicycles. While the price
competition affected virtually all bicycles, the effects were extremely
pronounced at the opening price points where the Company's bicycle offerings
were concentrated. Consequently, in the fourth quarter of 1999, the Company
determined that the goodwill associated with this business was impaired.
Additionally, to further reduce costs, the Company committed to plans to exit
manufacturing, reduce warehouse capacity and administrative expenses and
rationalize product offerings. As a result of these actions, the Company
recorded $178.0 million of charges in the bicycle business. These charges
included the write-off of goodwill of $133.6 million, inventory write-downs of
$27.0 million, fixed asset write-downs of $10.5 million and other incremental
costs of $6.9 million. Additional costs of $7.0 million for severance and other
incremental costs related to the 1999 charge were recorded in the first quarter
of 2000 and are part of the $68.4 million after-tax loss reported from
discontinued operations in 2000.

                                        22
<PAGE>

CASH FLOW, LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

     The following table sets forth an analysis of cash flow for the years ended
December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999 (in millions):

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                               2001     2000      1999
                                                              ------   -------   -------
<S>                                                           <C>      <C>       <C>
EBITDA*.....................................................  $345.5   $ 594.8   $ 537.7
Changes in working capital..................................   (10.9)   (163.2)    (53.5)
Interest expense............................................   (52.9)    (67.6)    (61.0)
Tax receipts (payments).....................................    26.6     (55.2)   (115.9)
Other.......................................................    (9.0)    (57.8)    (56.9)
                                                              ------   -------   -------
  Cash provided by operating activities of continuing
     operations.............................................   299.3     251.0     250.4
  Cash used for investing activities of continuing
     operations**...........................................   (85.9)   (188.1)   (176.1)
                                                              ------   -------   -------
  Free cash flow ***........................................  $213.4   $  62.9   $  74.3
                                                              ======   =======   =======
  Cash flow from discontinued operations (pre-tax)..........  $107.4   $  45.3   $   8.9
                                                              ======   =======   =======
</Table>

  * EBITDA is defined as net earnings, adjusted for unusual charges and
    discontinued operations (as previously described), before interest, taxes,
    depreciation and amortization. EBITDA is presented to assist in the analysis
    of cash from operations. However, it is not intended as an alternative
    measure of operating results or cash flow from operations, as determined in
    accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.

 ** Comprised principally of capital expenditures and excludes acquisition and
    disposition activities.

*** Free cash flow is defined as cash flow from operating and investing
    activities of continuing operations, excluding acquisition, disposition and
    financing activities.

     Cash generated from operating activities, available cash balances and
selected borrowings are the Company's major sources of funds for investments and
dividend payments.

     Net cash provided by operating activities of continuing operations totaled
$299.3 million in 2001, compared with $251.0 million in 2000 and $250.4 million
in 1999. Cash provided from operating activities included changes in working
capital that resulted in a use of $10.9 million, $163.2 million and $53.5
million in 2001, 2000 and 1999, respectively. Inventories were $557.4 million at
December 31, 2001, versus $510.7 million at December 31, 2000. Inventory,
excluding acquired inventory balances, decreased $39.4 million in 2001 compared
to an increase of $104.3 million in 2000. Accounts and notes receivable totaled
$361.9 million at December 31, 2001, compared with $419.9 million at December
31, 2000. The $58.0 million decrease in net receivables versus the prior year
was due primarily to lower sales activity and weaker business conditions in
2001.

     Tax receipts in 2001 reflect the realization of tax benefits associated
with the divestitures. Tax payments in 2000 reflect benefits realized from
antitrust settlement payments made in 2000 and 1999. Tax payments in 1999
reflect benefits realized on losses associated with strategic charges recorded
in 1998 and 1997. Other operating cash flow activities included payments made by
the Company for litigation settlements totaling $6.6 million in 2001, $49.4
million in 2000 and $57.6 million in 1999.

     The Company invested $111.4 million, $156.0 million and $166.8 million in
capital expenditures in 2001, 2000 and 1999, respectively. The largest portion
of these expenditures was made for on-going investments to introduce new
products, expand product lines and achieve improved production efficiencies and
product quality.

     Cash paid for acquisitions, net of debt and cash acquired, totaled $134.4
million for 2001, comprised primarily of consideration paid for Hatteras Yachts,
a leading manufacturer of sportfishing convertibles and motoryachts; Sealine, a
leading manufacturer of luxury sports cruisers and motoryachts; and Princecraft,
a manufacturer of aluminum fishing, deck and pontoon boats. Investments totaling
$38.1 million and $13.6 mil-

                                        23
<PAGE>

lion for 2000 and 1999, respectively, were primarily comprised of amounts
invested in Internet-related businesses and fitness equipment distribution
alliances. In addition, in 1999 the Company invested $4.2 million to acquire two
international boat companies.

     The Company anticipates spending approximately $135 million for capital
expenditures in 2002. About one-half of the capital spending is expected to be
for new and upgraded products, about one-third for necessary maintenance
spending and the balance targeted toward cost reductions and investments in
information technology. The Company will continue to evaluate acquisitions and
other investment opportunities as they arise.

     Cash and cash equivalents totaled $108.5 million at the end of 2001,
compared with $125.2 million in 2000. Total debt at year-end 2001 was $640.2
million versus $774.5 million at the end of 2000. The decrease in total debt
outstanding is due principally to decreases in short-term commercial paper
borrowings. Debt-to-capitalization ratios were 36.6 percent at December 31,
2001, and 42.1 percent at December 31, 2000. The Company has a $400.0 million
long-term credit agreement with a group of banks described in NOTE 10, DEBT, in
the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, that serves as support for
commercial paper borrowings. There were no borrowings under the credit agreement
at December 31, 2001. Under the terms of the long-term credit agreement, the
Company has multiple borrowing options, and, if utilized, the borrowing rate, as
calculated in accordance with those terms, would have been 2.07 percent at
December 31, 2001. The Company also has $600.0 million available under a
universal shelf registration statement filed in 2001 with the Securities and
Exchange Commission for the issuance of equity and/or debt securities.

     The Company announced in 2001 that it would begin paying dividends annually
rather than quarterly, beginning in 2002, in order to reduce administrative
costs. Future dividends, as declared at the discretion of the Board of
Directors, will be paid in December.

     No stock repurchases occurred during 2001.  For the years ended December
31, 2000 and 1999, the Company spent $87.1 million and $18.3 million,
respectively, to repurchase stock under two repurchase programs. On February 8,
2000, the Company announced a program to repurchase $100 million of its common
stock from time to time in the open market or through privately negotiated
transactions. During the first half of 2000, the Company repurchased 4.6 million
shares of its common stock for $84.7 million in open market transactions under
this program. The Company also has a program, which was initiated in 1997, to
systematically repurchase up to five million shares of its common stock to
offset shares the Company expects to issue under its stock option and other
compensation plans. Under this program, the Company repurchased 0.1 million and
0.8 million shares for $2.4 million and $18.3 million in 2000 and 1999,
respectively. A total of 2.7 million additional shares may be repurchased under
this program. Future repurchases of the Company's common stock under existing
repurchase programs will be considered; however, in the short-term the Company
intends to use excess cash to reduce debt.

     The Company's financial flexibility and access to capital markets is
supported by its balance sheet position, investment-grade credit ratings and
ability to generate significant cash from operating activities. Management
believes that there are adequate sources of liquidity to meet the Company's
short-term and long-term needs.

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

     On January 22, 2002, the United States Supreme Court granted discretionary
review of the case Sprietsma vs. Mercury Marine, a "propeller guard" case on
appeal from the Illinois Supreme Court. At issue in Sprietsma is whether federal
law preempts tort claims alleging that marine engines should be equipped with
devices designed to protect against propeller injuries. Nine federal courts and
many state courts, including the Illinois Supreme Court in Sprietsma, have
previously found such claims to be preempted by the United States Coast Guard's
1990 decision, pursuant to the Federal Boat Safety Act, not to require propeller
guards. The Company does not believe that the resolution of this matter will
have a material adverse effect on the Company's consolidated financial position
or results of operations.

                                        24
<PAGE>

     On September 6, 2001, the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) informed the
Company that it had closed an investigation concerning the Company's bidding for
certain assets of Outboard Marine Corporation (OMC) as a part of OMC's
bankruptcy. On October 5, 2001, the FTC also informed the Company that it had
closed a separate investigation commenced in 1997 concerning certain of the
Company's marketing practices related to the sale of sterndrive marine engines
to boatbuilders and dealers.

     On October 27, 1999, the United States Tax Court upheld an Internal Revenue
Service (IRS) determination that resulted in the disallowance of capital losses
and other expenses from two partnership investments for 1990 and 1991. The
Company appealed the Tax Court ruling to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia and posted a $79.8 million surety bond to secure
payment of tax deficiencies plus accrued interest related to the appeal. On
December 21, 2001, the Court of Appeals rendered a decision vacating the Tax
Court's opinion and remanded the case to the Tax Court for reconsideration in
light of an earlier Court of Appeals decision. If, on remand to the Tax Court,
the Company does not prevail, the net amount of taxes due, plus interest, net of
tax, would be approximately $135 million. The Company has settled all other
issues with the IRS on open tax years 1989 through 1994 and anticipates
favorable adjustments that would decrease the total net amount to approximately
$53 million, which would likely be payable in 2003. The Company does not believe
that the resolution of this matter will have a material adverse effect on the
Company's consolidated financial position or results of operations.

     In 1994, one of Life Fitness' competitors, Precor, Incorporated, filed a
complaint in federal court in Seattle, Washington, involving one of Life
Fitness' treadmills. The lawsuit claimed that Life Fitness had engaged in unfair
competitive practices in violation of the Washington State Consumer Protection
Act and that certain of its treadmills infringed a design patent held by Precor.
Life Fitness then filed an infringement claim against Precor, in connection with
Life Fitness' '207 patent for its flexible treadmill deck. On October 26, 1999,
the jury awarded Precor, now a subsidiary of Illinois Tool Works, Inc.,
approximately $5.2 million in connection with Precor's design infringement claim
against the Company, as successor in interest to the predecessor entities of its
Life Fitness division. The jury also rejected Life Fitness' '207 patent claim.
Precor was awarded up to $5.3 million in attorneys' fees and prejudgment
interest on the damage award. The Company appealed the verdict and the award of
attorneys' fees to the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit.
On June 27, 2001, the Court of Appeals issued its decision upholding the lower
court's finding that Life Fitness' '207 patent claim was invalid, and reversing
the lower court's finding that Life Fitness infringed Precor's design patent.
The Court of Appeals remanded the award of attorneys' fees to the lower court
for a redetermination based on the reversal of the willful infringement finding.
On January 10, 2002, the federal court ruled that Precor is entitled only to
those attorneys' fees directly attributable to the unfair competition claims
under the Washington State Consumer Protection Act. The Company does not believe
that the resolution of this matter will have a material adverse effect on the
Company's consolidated financial position or results of operations.

     In January 2000, Precor filed suit against Life Fitness in federal court in
Washington alleging that certain of Life Fitness' cross-trainer exercise
machines infringed Precor's Miller '829 patent. In 1999, before Precor filed its
lawsuit, the Miller '829 patent was re-examined by the U.S. Patent & Trademark
Office (PTO) and was rejected. The lawsuit was stayed while Precor sought a
reissuance of the Miller patent by the PTO. The PTO issued a modified patent on
March 5, 2002. Precor has announced that it would petition the court to lift the
stay and continue its lawsuit against Life Fitness. The Company does not believe
that its machines infringe the patent, as modified, but is unable to predict the
outcome of the second Precor case.

     Vapor Corporation, a former subsidiary that the Company divested in 1990,
has been named in a number of asbestos-related lawsuits, the first of which was
filed in 1988. The Company retained certain liabilities of Vapor, requiring it
to respond to these suits. The suits, most of which involve numerous other
defendants, allege that steam generators manufactured by Vapor prior to the
Company's ownership contained small amounts of asbestos. The generators were
used to heat railroad cars and the primary means of potential exposure appears
to have been to railroad workers performing inspections or repairs to the
generators. Neither the Company nor Vapor is alleged to have manufactured
asbestos. Early in the litigation, the Company's insurers settled a number of
claims for nominal amounts, while a number of other claims have been dismissed.

                                        25
<PAGE>

No suit has yet gone to trial. The Company does not believe that the resolution
of these lawsuits will have a material adverse effect on the Company's
consolidated financial position or results of operations.

     The Company is also involved in certain legal and administrative
proceedings under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and
Liability Act of 1980 and other federal and state legislation governing the
generation and disposition of certain hazardous wastes. These proceedings,
involving both on-and off-site waste disposal or other contamination, in many
instances seek compensation or remedial action from the Company as a waste
generator under Superfund legislation, which authorizes action regardless of
fault, legality of original disposition or ownership of a disposal site. The
Company is also involved in a number of voluntary environmental remediation
actions addressing contamination resulting from historic activities on its
present and former plant properties. The Company has established reserves based
on a range of current cost estimates for all known claims. Refer to NOTE 7,
COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for disclosure of the potential cash requirements of environmental proceedings.

ENGINE EMISSION REGULATIONS

     U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) regulations finalized in 1996
require that certain exhaust emissions from gasoline marine outboard engines be
reduced by 8.3 percent per year for nine years beginning with the 1998 model
year. The Company has implemented a plan that meets the EPA compliance schedule.
It includes both modifying automotive two-stroke direct fuel injection
technology for marine use and substituting certain two-stroke engines with
four-stroke engines. Both of these technologies yield emission reductions of 80
percent or better. More recently, the California Air Resources Board (CARB)
voted to adopt regulations more stringent than the EPA regulations. These
regulations accelerated the applicability of the EPA targeted emissions
reductions from 2006 to 2001. This affected new engines sold in California
beginning with the model year 2001, with further emission reductions scheduled
in 2004 and 2008. The Company met the 2001 requirements and believes that its
current implementation plan designed to meet the EPA exhaust emissions
regulations will allow the Company to comply with the more stringent regulations
as currently proposed by CARB. The Company expects the amount of low-emission
engine sales as a percentage of total Marine Engine segment sales to continue to
increase and anticipates that it will continue to invest in development of
low-emission engine technologies.

NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

     In June 2001, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued SFAS
No. 141, "Business Combinations," and SFAS No. 142, "Goodwill and Other
Intangible Assets." SFAS No. 141 requires that all business combinations
initiated after June 30, 2001, be accounted for under the purchase method. SFAS
No. 142 requires that goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets no longer
be amortized to earnings, but instead reviewed annually for impairment. The
amortization of existing goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets at June
30, 2001, will be ceased at January 1, 2002. Goodwill on acquisitions completed
subsequent to June 30, 2001, is not amortized, but instead will be reviewed
annually for impairment. The Company is currently assessing SFAS No. 142 and has
not yet made a determination of the impact that adoption will have on the
consolidated financial statements. Amortization expense arising from goodwill
and other intangible assets that will no longer be amortized under the
provisions of the new rules was approximately $17.2 million and $15.3 million in
2001 and 2000, respectively.

     In August 2001, the FASB issued SFAS No. 144, "Accounting for the
Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets." SFAS No. 144 supersedes both SFAS
No. 121 and the accounting and reporting provisions of APB Opinion No. 30,
"Reporting the Results of Operations-Reporting the Effects of Disposal of a
Segment of a Business, and Extraordinary, Unusual and Infrequently Occurring
Events and Transactions" (Opinion 30), for the disposal of a segment of a
business (as previously defined in that Opinion). SFAS No. 144 retains the
fundamental provisions in SFAS No. 121 for recognizing and measuring impairment
losses on long-lived assets held for use and long-lived assets to be disposed of
by sale, while also resolving significant implementation issues associated with
SFAS No. 121. SFAS No. 144 retains the basic provisions of Opinion 30 on how to
present discontinued operations in the income statement but broadens that
presentation to
                                        26
<PAGE>

include a component of an entity (rather than a segment of a business). Unlike
SFAS 121, an impairment assessment under SFAS No. 144 will never result in a
write-down of goodwill. Rather, goodwill is evaluated for impairment under SFAS
No. 142. SFAS No. 144 is required to be adopted no later than the fiscal year
beginning after December 15, 2001. The adoption of SFAS No. 144 is not expected
to have a material impact on the financial statements because the impairment
assessment under SFAS No. 144 is largely unchanged from SFAS No. 121.

EURO CONVERSION

     On January 1, 1999, 11 of the 15 member countries of the European Union
established fixed conversion rates between their existing currencies (legacy
currencies) and one new common currency - the Euro. The transition period for
the introduction of the Euro extends through 2002. Beginning in January 2002,
new Euro-denominated bills and coins will be issued. The Company has evaluated,
and will continue to evaluate, the effects on its operations of the conversion
to the Euro. The costs to prepare for this conversion, including the costs to
adapt information systems, have not been and are not expected to be material to
the Company's results of operations, financial position or cash flows. The
Company does not currently expect the introduction and use of the Euro to have a
material effect on its foreign exchange and hedging activities, or on its use of
derivative financial instruments. While the Company does not expect the Euro
conversion to have a material effect on its operations, some uncertainty exists
as to the effect that the conversion to the Euro will have on the markets for
the Company's products. Accordingly, the effect on the Company's operations
cannot be predicted with certainty.

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

     Certain statements in this Annual Report are forward-looking as defined in
the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements
in this Annual Report may include words such as "expect," "anticipate,"
"believe," "may," "should," "could," or "estimate." These statements involve
certain risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ
materially from expectations as of the date of this filing. These risks include,
but are not limited to:

-  General economic conditions and consumer confidence, and resultant demand for
   the Company's products, particularly in the United States and Europe:
        Like many companies, the Company's revenues were adversely affected by
        the U.S. recession. The Company's future results may continue to suffer
        if general economic conditions do not improve.

-  The effect of interest rates and fuel prices on demand for marine products:
        The Company's marine products particularly boats are often financed, and
        higher interest rates can retard demand for these products. The
        Company's marine businesses are somewhat fuel-cost-sensitive, and higher
        fuel costs can also hurt demand.

-  Adverse weather conditions retarding sales of marine products:
        Sales of the Company's marine products are generally more robust just
        before and during spring and summer, and favorable weather during these
        months tends to have a positive effect on consumer demand. Conversely,
        poor weather conditions during these periods can retard demand.

-  The market impact of the liquidation of a bankrupt marine competitor's
   inventory and the acquisition of that competitor's marine engine assets by
   other marine companies:
        The Company's Marine Engine segment has gained market share as a result
        of the bankruptcy of a key competitor. The acquisition of the assets of
        that competitor, however, may erode those market share gains.

-  Shifts in currency exchange rates:
        The Company manufactures its products predominately in the United
        States, though international manufacturing is increasing. A strong U.S.
        dollar can make the Company's products less price-competitive relative
        to locally produced products in international markets where currencies
        are

                                        27
<PAGE>

        weaker. The Company is focusing on international manufacturing and
        global sourcing in part to offset this risk.

-  Competitive pricing pressures:
        Across all of the Company's product lines, introduction of lower-cost
        alternatives can hurt the Company's competitive position. The Company's
        efforts at cost-containment, commitment to quality products, and
        excellence in operational effectiveness and customer service are
        designed in part to offset this risk.

-  Inventory adjustments by the Company, its major dealers, retailers and
   independent boatbuilders:
        The Company's inventory reduction efforts have focused on reducing
        production, which results in lower rates of absorption of fixed costs
        and thus lower margins. In addition, as the Company's dealers and
        retailers, as well as independent boatbuilders who purchase the
        Company's marine engine products, adjust inventories downward, wholesale
        demand for the Company's products diminishes. This hurts the Company's
        short-term results and could hurt the Company's ability to meet
        increased demand when the U.S. economy recovers and demand increases.

-  Financial difficulties experienced by dealers and independent boatbuilders:
        The U.S. economic downturn has adversely affected many of the Company's
        dealers. As the main channel for the Company's products, dealer health
        is critical to the Company's continued success. In addition, a
        substantial portion of the Company's engine sales are made to
        independent boatbuilders. As a result, the Company's financial results
        can be influenced by the financial well-being of these independent
        boatbuilders.

-  The ability to maintain effective distribution:
        The Company sells the majority of its products through third parties
        such as dealers, retailers and distributors. Maintaining good
        relationships with existing distribution partners, and establishing new
        distribution channels where appropriate, is critical to the Company's
        continued success.

-  The Company's ability to complete environmental remediation efforts at the
   cost estimated:
        As discussed in PART I, ITEM 3 above, the Company is subject to several
        environmental proceedings, some of which involve costly remediation
        efforts over extended periods of time. The Company believes that it is
        adequately reserved for these environmental obligations, but significant
        increases in the costs of these programs could hurt the Company's
        results of operations in the period or periods in which additional
        reserves or outlays are deemed necessary.

-  The Company's ability to develop product technologies which comply with
   regulatory requirements:
        As discussed in PART I, ITEM 3 above, the Company's Marine Engine
        Segment is subject to emissions standards that require ongoing efforts
        to bring the Company's engine products in line with regulatory
        requirements. The Company believes that these efforts are on track and
        will be successful, but unforeseen delays in these efforts could have an
        adverse effect on the Company's results of operations.

-  The success of marketing and cost-management programs and the Company's
   ability to develop and produce new products and technologies:
        The Company is constantly subject to competitive pressures. The
        Company's continuing ability to respond to these pressures, particularly
        through cost-containment initiatives, marketing strategies, and the
        introduction of new products and technologies, are critical to the
        Company's continued success.

ITEM 7A.  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

     The Company is exposed to market risk from changes in foreign currency
exchange rates, interest rates and commodity prices. The Company enters into
various hedging transactions to mitigate these risks in accordance with
guidelines established by the Company's management. The Company does not use
financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes.

                                        28
<PAGE>

     The Company uses foreign currency forward and option contracts to manage
foreign exchange exposure related to transactions, assets and liabilities that
are subject to risk from foreign currency rate changes. The Company's principal
currency exposures relate to the Euro, Canadian dollar, Japanese yen, British
pound and Australian dollar. Hedging of anticipated transactions is accomplished
with financial instruments as the maturity date of the instrument, along with
the realized gain or loss, occurs on or near the execution of the anticipated
transaction. Hedging of an asset or liability is accomplished through the use of
financial instruments as the gain or loss on the hedging instrument offsets the
gain or loss on the asset or liability.

     The Company uses interest rate swap agreements to mitigate the effect of
changes in interest rates on the Company's borrowings. The Company's net
exposure to interest rate risk primarily consists of fixed-rate instruments.
Interest rate risk management is accomplished through the use of interest rate
swaps and floating-rate instruments that are benchmarked to U.S. and European
short-term money market interest rates.

     Raw materials used by the Company are exposed to the effect of changing
commodity prices. Accordingly, the Company uses commodity swap agreements to
manage fluctuations in prices of anticipated purchases of certain raw materials.

     The Company uses a value-at-risk (VAR) computation to estimate the maximum
one-day reduction in pre-tax earnings related to its foreign currency, interest
rate and commodity price-sensitive derivative financial instruments. The VAR
computation includes the Company's debt, foreign currency forwards, interest
rate swap agreements and commodity swap agreements.

     The amounts shown below represent the estimated reduction in fair market
value that the Company could incur on its derivative financial instruments from
adverse changes in foreign exchange rates, interest rates or commodity prices
using the VAR estimation model. The VAR model uses the variance-covariance
statistical modeling technique and uses historical foreign exchange rates,
interest rates and commodity prices to estimate the volatility and correlation
of these rates and prices in future periods. It estimates a loss in fair market
value using statistical modeling techniques and includes substantially all
market risk exposures. The estimated potential losses shown in the table below
have no effect on the Company's results of operations or financial condition.


                                                AMOUNT
                                                  IN       TIME    CONFIDENCE
RISK CATEGORY                                  MILLIONS   PERIOD     LEVEL
-------------                                  --------   ------   ----------
Foreign exchange.............................    $0.3     1 day        95%
Interest rates...............................    $5.8     1 day        95%
Commodity prices.............................    $0.6     1 day        95%

     The 95 percent confidence level signifies the Company's degree of
confidence that actual losses would not exceed the estimated losses shown above.
The amounts shown disregard the possibility that foreign currency exchange
rates, interest rates and commodity prices could move in the Company's favor.
The VAR model assumes that all movements in rates and commodity prices will be
adverse. Actual experience has shown that gains and losses tend to offset each
other over time, and it is highly unlikely that the Company could experience
losses such as these over an extended period of time. These amounts should not
be considered projections of future losses, since actual results may differ
significantly depending upon activity in global financial markets.

ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

     Refer to the Index to Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedule
for the required information.

ITEM 9.  CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

     None

                                        29
<PAGE>

                                    PART III

ITEM 10.  DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

     Information with respect to the directors of the Company and Section 16(a)
Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance will be set forth in the Company's
definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on
May 1, 2002 (the Proxy Statement). All of the foregoing information is hereby
incorporated by reference. The Company's executive officers are listed herein on
pages 11 to 13.

ITEM 11.  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

     Information with respect to executive compensation will be set forth in the
Proxy Statement and is hereby incorporated by reference.

ITEM 12.  SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

     Information with respect to the securities of the Company owned by the
directors and certain officers of the Company, by the directors and officers of
the Company as a group and by the only persons known to the Company to own
beneficially more than 5 percent of the outstanding voting securities of the
Company will be set forth in the Proxy Statement, and such information is hereby
incorporated by reference.

ITEM 13.  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

     Information with respect to certain relationships and related transactions
will be set forth in the Proxy Statement and is hereby incorporated by
reference.

                                    PART IV

ITEM 14.  EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

     (a) 1. The financial statements listed in the accompanying Index to
            Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedule are filed as
            part of this report on pages 32 to 65.

         2. The financial statement schedule listed in the accompanying Index to
            Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedule is filed as
            part of this report on page 65.

         3. The exhibits listed in the accompanying Index to Exhibits are filed
            as part of the 10-K unless noted otherwise.

     (b)  Reports on Form 8-K

     None

     (c)  Exhibits

     See Exhibit Index on pages 66 to 68.

     (d)  Financial Statement Schedule

     See Index to Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedule on page
32.

                                        30
<PAGE>

                                   SIGNATURES

     PURSUANT TO THE REQUIREMENTS OF SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, THE REGISTRANT HAS DULY CAUSED THIS REPORT TO BE SIGNED ON
ITS BEHALF BY THE UNDERSIGNED, THEREUNTO DULY AUTHORIZED.

<Table>
<S>                                            <C>
                                               BRUNSWICK CORPORATION

By: /s/ VICTORIA J. REICH                      By: /s/ PETER G. LEEMPUTTE
    -----------------------------------------  -----------------------------------------
    Victoria J. Reich                              Peter G. Leemputte
    Senior Vice President and Chief Financial      Vice President and Controller
Officer
</Table>

March 8, 2002

     PURSUANT TO THE REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, THIS
REPORT HAS BEEN SIGNED BELOW BY THE FOLLOWING PERSONS ON BEHALF OF THE
REGISTRANT AND IN THE CAPACITIES AND ON THE DATE INDICATED.

<Table>
<Caption>
                  SIGNATURE                                             TITLE
---------------------------------------------   -----------------------------------------------------
<S>                                             <C>

GEORGE W. BUCKLEY                               Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
                                                (Principal Executive Officer) and Director

VICTORIA J. REICH                               Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
                                                (Principal Financial Officer)

PETER G. LEEMPUTTE                              Vice President and Controller (Principal Accounting
                                                Officer)

NOLAN D. ARCHIBALD                              Director

DORRIT J. BERN                                  Director

JEFFREY L. BLEUSTEIN                            Director

MICHAEL J. CALLAHAN                             Director

MANUEL A. FERNANDEZ                             Director

PETER B. HAMILTON                               Vice Chairman and President--
                                                Brunswick Bowling & Billiards and Director

PETER HARF                                      Director

JAY W. LORSCH                                   Director

BETTYE MARTIN MUSHAM                            Director

GRAHAM H. PHILLIPS                              Director

ROBERT L. RYAN                                  Director

ROGER W. SCHIPKE                                Director
</Table>

     Peter G. Leemputte, as Principal Accounting Officer and pursuant to a Power
of Attorney (executed by each of the other officers and directors listed above
and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C.), by
signing his name hereto does hereby sign and execute this report of Brunswick
Corporation on behalf of each of the officers and directors named above in the
capacities in which the names of each appear above.

                                          By: /s/ PETER G. LEEMPUTTE
                                            ------------------------------------
                                            Peter G. Leemputte
                                            Vice President and Controller

March 8, 2002

                                        31
<PAGE>

         INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE

                             BRUNSWICK CORPORATION

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                               PAGE
                                                               ----
<S>                                                            <C>
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:

Report of Management........................................    33

Report of Independent Public Accountants....................    34

Consolidated Statements of Income for the Years Ended
  December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999..........................    35

Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2001 and 2000...    36

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended
  December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999..........................    38

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity for the
  Years Ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999..............    39

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements..................    40

FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE:

Consent of Independent Public Accountants...................    64

Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts.............    65
</Table>

                                        32
<PAGE>

                             BRUNSWICK CORPORATION
                              REPORT OF MANAGEMENT

     The Company's management is responsible for the preparation, integrity and
objectivity of the financial statements and other financial information
presented in this report. The financial statements have been prepared in
conformity with generally accepted accounting principles and reflect the effects
of certain estimates and judgments made by management.

     The Company's management maintains a system of internal controls that is
designed to provide reasonable assurance, at reasonable cost, that assets are
safeguarded and that transactions and events are recorded properly. The
Company's internal audit program includes periodic reviews of these systems and
controls and compliance therewith.

     The Audit and Finance Committee of the Board of Directors, comprised
entirely of outside directors, meets regularly with the independent public
accountants, management and internal auditors to review accounting, reporting,
internal control and other financial matters. The Committee regularly meets with
both the internal and external auditors without members of management present.

<Table>
<S>                                             <C>
/s/ GEORGE W. BUCKLEY                           /s/ VICTORIA J. REICH
George W. Buckley                               Victoria J. Reich
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer            Senior Vice President and Chief Financial
                                                Officer
</Table>

January 28, 2002

                                        33
<PAGE>

                             BRUNSWICK CORPORATION
                    REPORT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS

To the Shareholders of Brunswick Corporation:

     We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Brunswick
Corporation (a Delaware Corporation) and Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2001
and 2000, and the related consolidated statements of income, cash flows and
shareholders' equity for each of the three years in the period ended December
31, 2001. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
statements based on our audits.

     We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally
accepted in the United States. Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis,
evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An
audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis
for our opinion.

     In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly,
in all material respects, the financial position of Brunswick Corporation and
Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2001 and 2000, and the results of their
operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended
December 31, 2001, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States.

     As explained in Note 1 to the financial statements, effective January 1,
2001, the Company changed its method of accounting for certain derivatives
instruments and certain hedging activities to conform with Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards Nos. 133/138. As a result of the adoption, the
Company recorded a $2.9 million (after tax) loss as a cumulative effect of a
change in accounting principle.

     Our audits were made for the purpose of forming an opinion on the basic
financial statements taken as a whole. The schedule listed in the index of
financial statements is presented for purposes of complying with the Securities
and Exchange Commission's rules and is not part of the basic financial
statements. This schedule has been subjected to the auditing procedures applied
in the audits of the basic financial statements and, in our opinion, fairly
states in all material respects the financial data required to be set forth
therein in relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole.

                                          /s/ARTHUR ANDERSEN LLP

CHICAGO, ILLINOIS
JANUARY 28, 2002

                                        34
<PAGE>

                             BRUNSWICK CORPORATION
                       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                   FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
                                                 ------------------------------------
                                                    2001         2000         1999
                                                 ----------   ----------   ----------
                                                 (IN MILLIONS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)
<S>                                              <C>          <C>          <C>
NET SALES.......................................  $3,370.8     $3,811.9     $3,541.3
Cost of sales...................................   2,587.4      2,723.3      2,527.3
Selling, general and administrative expense.....     496.4        534.2        533.7
Research and development expense................      95.9        102.2         89.7
Unusual charges.................................        --         55.1        116.0
                                                  --------     --------     --------
  OPERATING EARNINGS............................     191.1        397.1        274.6
Interest expense................................     (52.9)       (67.6)       (61.0)
Other income (expense)..........................      (6.0)        (6.2)         5.7
                                                  --------     --------     --------
  EARNINGS BEFORE INCOME TAXES..................     132.2        323.3        219.3
Income tax provision............................      47.5        121.1         76.2
                                                  --------     --------     --------
  EARNINGS FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS...........      84.7        202.2        143.1
Cumulative effect of change in accounting
  principle, net of tax.........................      (2.9)          --           --
Loss from discontinued operations, net of tax...        --        (68.4)      (105.2)
Loss from disposal of discontinued operations,
  net of tax....................................        --       (229.6)          --
                                                  --------     --------     --------
  NET EARNINGS (LOSS)...........................  $   81.8     $  (95.8)    $   37.9
                                                  ========     ========     ========
BASIC EARNINGS (LOSS) PER COMMON SHARE:
Earnings from continuing operations.............  $   0.96     $   2.28     $   1.56
Cumulative effect of change in accounting
  principle.....................................     (0.03)          --           --
Loss from discontinued operations...............        --        (0.77)       (1.14)
Loss from disposal of discontinued operations...        --        (2.59)          --
                                                  --------     --------     --------
  Net earnings (loss)...........................  $   0.93     $  (1.08)    $   0.41
                                                  ========     ========     ========
DILUTED EARNINGS (LOSS) PER COMMON SHARE:
Earnings from continuing operations.............  $   0.96     $   2.28     $   1.55
Cumulative effect of change in accounting
  principle.....................................     (0.03)          --           --
Loss from discontinued operations...............        --        (0.77)       (1.14)
Loss from disposal of discontinued operations...        --        (2.59)          --
                                                  --------     --------     --------
  Net earnings (loss)...........................  $   0.93     $  (1.08)    $   0.41
                                                  ========     ========     ========
AVERAGE SHARES USED FOR COMPUTATION OF:
Basic earnings per share........................      87.8         88.7         92.0
Diluted earnings per share......................      88.1         88.7         92.6

CASH DIVIDENDS DECLARED PER COMMON SHARE........  $   0.50     $   0.50     $   0.50
</Table>

  The Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these
                            consolidated statements.

                                        35
<PAGE>

                             BRUNSWICK CORPORATION
                          CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                 AS OF DECEMBER 31
                                                              -----------------------
                                                                 2001         2000
                                                              ----------   ----------
                                                               (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS,
                                                              EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)
<S>                                                           <C>          <C>
ASSETS
CURRENT ASSETS
  Cash and cash equivalents, at cost, which approximates
     market.................................................   $  108.5     $  125.2
  Accounts and notes receivable, less allowances of $26.1
     and $21.2..............................................      361.9        419.9
  Inventories
     Finished goods.........................................      317.2        288.1
     Work-in-process........................................      180.9        153.6
     Raw materials..........................................       59.3         69.0
                                                               --------     --------
       Net inventories......................................      557.4        510.7
                                                               --------     --------
  Prepaid income taxes......................................      307.5        367.8
  Prepaid expenses..........................................       38.9         48.6
  Income tax refunds receivable.............................       26.7         57.4
  Net assets of discontinued operations offered for sale....         --        107.4
                                                               --------     --------
       CURRENT ASSETS.......................................    1,400.9      1,637.0
                                                               --------     --------
PROPERTY
  Land......................................................       68.4         64.6
  Buildings.................................................      426.3        408.6
  Equipment.................................................      998.5        967.7
                                                               --------     --------
       Total land, buildings and equipment..................    1,493.2      1,440.9
  Accumulated depreciation..................................     (803.8)      (756.8)
                                                               --------     --------
       Net land, buildings and equipment....................      689.4        684.1
  Unamortized product tooling costs.........................      116.2        119.1
                                                               --------     --------
       NET PROPERTY.........................................      805.6        803.2
                                                               --------     --------
OTHER ASSETS
  Goodwill..................................................      474.4        391.8
  Other intangibles.........................................      128.9        116.1
  Investments...............................................       80.4         73.0
  Other long-term assets....................................      267.3        180.6
                                                               --------     --------
       OTHER ASSETS.........................................      951.0        761.5
                                                               --------     --------

TOTAL ASSETS................................................   $3,157.5     $3,201.7
                                                               ========     ========
</Table>

  The Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these
                            consolidated statements.

                                        36
<PAGE>

                             BRUNSWICK CORPORATION
                          CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                 AS OF DECEMBER 31
                                                              -----------------------
                                                                 2001         2000
                                                              ----------   ----------
                                                               (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS,
                                                              EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)
<S>                                                           <C>          <C>
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
CURRENT LIABILITIES
  Short-term debt, including current maturities of long-term
     debt...................................................   $   40.0     $  172.7
  Accounts payable..........................................      214.5        238.6
  Accrued expenses..........................................      648.2        641.8
                                                               --------     --------
     CURRENT LIABILITIES....................................      902.7      1,053.1
                                                               --------     --------
LONG-TERM DEBT
  Notes, mortgages and debentures...........................      600.2        601.8
                                                               --------     --------
DEFERRED ITEMS
  Income taxes..............................................      185.2        215.4
  Postretirement and postemployment benefits................      216.1        196.5
  Compensation and other....................................      142.4         67.8
                                                               --------     --------
     DEFERRED ITEMS.........................................      543.7        479.7
                                                               --------     --------
COMMON SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
  Common stock; authorized: 200,000,000 shares, $0.75 par
     value; issued: 102,538,000 shares......................       76.9         76.9
  Additional paid-in capital................................      316.2        314.5
  Retained earnings.........................................    1,079.4      1,041.4
  Treasury stock, at cost:
     14,739,000 and 15,194,000 shares.......................     (289.8)      (296.4)
  Unamortized ESOP expense and other........................      (27.1)       (41.9)
  Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss).............      (44.7)       (27.4)
                                                               --------     --------
     COMMON SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY............................    1,110.9      1,067.1
                                                               --------     --------

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY..................   $3,157.5     $3,201.7
                                                               ========     ========
</Table>

  The Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these
                            consolidated statements.

                                        37
<PAGE>

                             BRUNSWICK CORPORATION
                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

                                                FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
                                               ---------------------------------
                                                  2001        2000       1999
                                                ---------   ---------  ---------
                                                          (IN MILLIONS)
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
  Net earnings (loss).........................  $  81.8     $ (95.8)    $  37.9
  Depreciation and amortization...............    160.4       148.8       141.4
  Changes in noncash current assets and
   current liabilities
     Change in accounts and notes
      receivable..............................     51.1       (69.4)      (77.2)
     Change in inventory......................     39.4      (104.3)      (39.8)
     Change in prepaid expenses...............     10.7         2.6        (4.4)
     Change in accounts payable...............    (47.5)      (10.4)       34.3
     Change in accrued expense................    (64.6)       18.3        33.6
  Income taxes................................     72.4        65.9       (39.7)
  Antitrust litigation settlement payments....     (6.6)      (49.4)      (57.6)
  Unusual charge..............................       --        55.1       116.0
  Loss from discontinued operations...........       --       298.0       105.2
  Other, net..................................      2.2        (8.4)        0.7
                                                -------     -------     -------
     NET CASH PROVIDED BY CONTINUING
      OPERATIONS..............................    299.3       251.0       250.4
     NET CASH PROVIDED BY DISCONTINUED
      OPERATIONS..............................     31.5         5.8        48.8
                                                -------     -------     -------
     NET CASH PROVIDED BY OPERATING
      ACTIVITIES..............................    330.8       256.8       299.2
                                                -------     -------     -------
CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
  Capital expenditures........................   (111.4)     (156.0)     (166.8)
  Investments.................................       --       (38.1)      (13.6)
  Acquisitions of businesses, net of debt
   and cash acquired..........................   (134.4)         --        (4.2)
  Proceeds on the sale of property, plant
   and equipment..............................     26.8        10.5        13.1
  Other, net..................................     (1.3)       (4.5)       17.3
                                                -------     -------     -------
     NET CASH USED FOR CONTINUING OPERATIONS..   (220.3)     (188.1)     (154.2)
     NET CASH PROVIDED BY (USED FOR)
      DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS.................     75.9        39.5       (39.9)
                                                -------     -------     -------
     NET CASH USED FOR INVESTING ACTIVITIES...   (144.4)     (148.6)     (194.1)
                                                -------     -------     -------
CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
  Net issuances (repayments) of commercial
   paper and other short-term debt............   (144.4)       57.5       (59.7)
  Payments of long-term debt including
   current maturities.........................    (24.7)      (13.1)      (15.6)
  Cash dividends paid.........................    (43.8)      (44.3)      (45.9)
  Stock repurchases...........................       --       (87.1)      (18.3)
  Stock options exercised.....................      9.8         3.2         9.1
                                                -------     -------     -------
     NET CASH USED FOR FINANCING ACTIVITIES...   (203.1)      (83.8)     (130.4)
                                                -------     -------     -------
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash
 equivalents..................................    (16.7)       24.4       (25.3)
Cash and cash equivalents at January 1........    125.2       100.8       126.1
                                                -------     -------     -------
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT DECEMBER 31......  $ 108.5     $ 125.2     $ 100.8
                                                =======     =======     =======
SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW DISCLOSURES:
  Interest paid...............................  $  52.6     $  71.3     $  57.7
  Income taxes paid (received), net...........  $ (26.6)    $  55.2     $ 115.9
  Treasury stock issued for compensation
   plans and other............................  $  12.8     $   3.7     $  18.1

  The Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these
                            consolidated statements.

                                        38
<PAGE>

                             BRUNSWICK CORPORATION
                CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                                           ACCUMULATED
                                        ADDITIONAL                         UNAMORTIZED        OTHER
                               COMMON    PAID-IN     RETAINED   TREASURY   ESOP EXPENSE   COMPREHENSIVE
                               STOCK     CAPITAL     EARNINGS    STOCK      AND OTHER     INCOME (LOSS)    TOTAL
                               ------   ----------   --------   --------   ------------   -------------   --------
                                                  (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)
<S>                            <C>      <C>          <C>        <C>        <C>            <C>             <C>
BALANCE, DECEMBER 31, 1998...  $76.9      $311.5     $1,189.5   $(204.7)      $(56.1)        $ (5.8)      $1,311.3
                               -----      ------     --------   -------       ------         ------       --------
COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
  Net earnings...............     --          --         37.9        --           --             --           37.9
  Currency translation
    adjustments..............     --          --           --        --           --           (5.7)          (5.7)
  Other comprehensive
    income...................     --          --           --        --           --            2.3            2.3
                               -----      ------     --------   -------       ------         ------       --------
Total comprehensive income --
  1999.......................     --          --         37.9        --           --           (3.4)          34.5
Stock repurchased............     --          --           --     (18.3)          --             --          (18.3)
Dividends ($0.50 per common
  share).....................     --          --        (45.9)       --           --             --          (45.9)
Compensation plans and
  other......................     --         2.8           --       9.0          6.8             --           18.6
                               -----      ------     --------   -------       ------         ------       --------
BALANCE, DECEMBER 31, 1999...  $76.9      $314.3     $1,181.5   $(214.0)      $(49.3)        $ (9.2)      $1,300.2
                               -----      ------     --------   -------       ------         ------       --------
COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
  Net loss...................     --          --        (95.8)       --           --             --          (95.8)
  Currency translation
    adjustments..............     --          --           --        --           --           (8.3)          (8.3)
  Other comprehensive income
    (loss)...................     --          --           --        --           --           (9.9)          (9.9)
                               -----      ------     --------   -------       ------         ------       --------
Total comprehensive income --
  2000.......................     --          --        (95.8)       --           --          (18.2)        (114.0)
Stock repurchased............     --          --           --     (87.1)          --             --          (87.1)
Dividends ($0.50 per common
  share).....................     --          --        (44.3)       --           --             --          (44.3)
Compensation plans and
  other......................     --         0.2           --       4.7          7.4             --           12.3
                               -----      ------     --------   -------       ------         ------       --------
BALANCE, DECEMBER 31, 2000...  $76.9      $314.5     $1,041.4   $(296.4)      $(41.9)        $(27.4)      $1,067.1
                               -----      ------     --------   -------       ------         ------       --------
COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
  Net earnings...............     --          --         81.8        --           --             --           81.8
  Currency translation
    adjustments..............     --          --           --        --           --           (5.0)          (5.0)
  Other comprehensive income
    (loss)...................     --          --           --        --           --          (12.3)         (12.3)
                               -----      ------     --------   -------       ------         ------       --------
Total comprehensive income --
  2001.......................     --          --         81.8        --           --          (17.3)          64.5
Dividends ($0.50 per common
  share).....................     --          --        (43.8)       --           --             --          (43.8)
Compensation plans and
  other......................     --         1.7           --       6.6         14.8             --           23.1
                               -----      ------     --------   -------       ------         ------       --------
BALANCE, DECEMBER 31, 2001...  $76.9      $316.2     $1,079.4   $(289.8)      $(27.1)        $(44.7)      $1,110.9
                               =====      ======     ========   =======       ======         ======       ========
</Table>

  The Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these
                            consolidated statements.

                                        39
<PAGE>

                             BRUNSWICK CORPORATION
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

1.  SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

     Principles of consolidation.  The consolidated financial statements of
Brunswick Corporation (the Company) include the accounts of all consolidated
domestic and foreign subsidiaries, after eliminating transactions between the
Company and such subsidiaries.

     Reclassifications.  Certain previously reported amounts have been
reclassified to conform with current-year reporting.

     Use of estimates.  The preparation of the consolidated financial statements
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
requires management to make certain estimates. Actual results could differ
materially from those estimates. These estimates affect:

     -  The reported amounts of assets and liabilities,
     -  The disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the
        financial statements, and
     -  The reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting
        periods.

     Estimates in these consolidated financial statements include, but are not
limited to:

     -  The loss on the disposal of the discontinued operations;
     -  Losses on litigation and other contingencies;
     -  Warranty, income tax, insurance, inventory valuation and environmental
        reserves;
     -  Allowances for doubtful accounts (both long and short term);
     -  Reserves for dealer allowances;
     -  Reserves related to restructuring activities;
     -  Determination of the discount rate and other actuarial assumptions for
        pension and postretirement liabilities; and
     -  The valuation of investments.

     Cash and cash equivalents.  The Company considers all highly-liquid
investments with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash
equivalents.

     Inventories.  Approximately 63 percent of the Company's inventories are
valued at the lower of first-in, first-out (FIFO) cost or market (replacement
cost or net realizable value). Inventories valued at last-in, first-out (LIFO)
cost were $83.6 million and $81.0 million lower than the FIFO cost of
inventories at December 31, 2001 and 2000, respectively. Inventory cost includes
material, labor and manufacturing overhead.

     Property.  Property, including major improvements and product tooling
costs, is recorded at cost. Maintenance and repair costs are charged against
results of operations as incurred. Depreciation is charged against results of
operations over the estimated service lives of the related assets, principally
using the straight-line method. Buildings and improvements are depreciated over
a useful life of five to forty years. Equipment is depreciated over a useful
life of two to fifteen years and product tooling is depreciated over a useful
life of three to eight years.

     Software development costs.  The Company expenses all software development
and implementation costs incurred until the Company has determined that the
software will result in probable future economic benefit and management has
committed to funding the project. Once this is determined, external direct costs
of material and services, payroll-related costs of employees working on the
project and related interest costs incurred during the application development
stage are capitalized. These capitalized costs are amortized over their
estimated useful lives, beginning when the system is placed in service. Training
costs and costs to re-engineer business processes are expensed as incurred.

     Goodwill and Other Intangibles.  The excess of cost over net assets of
businesses acquired is recorded as goodwill and amortized using the
straight-line method over its estimated useful life, principally 40 years.

                                        40
<PAGE>
                             BRUNSWICK CORPORATION
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

Accumulated goodwill amortization was $98.8 million and $83.9 million at
December 31, 2001 and 2000, respectively. The costs of other intangible assets
are amortized over their expected useful lives using the straight-line method.
Accumulated amortization of other intangible assets was $174.7 million and
$161.7 million at December 31, 2001 and 2000, respectively. At December 31, 2001
and 2000, other intangible assets included $36.1 million and $43.3 million,
respectively, which represents unamortized prior service costs, recorded as part
of the additional minimum pension liability adjustment. Acquisitions after June
30, 2001 were accounted for under Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
(SFAS) No. 142, "Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets;" therefore, goodwill and
indefinite-lived intangible assets associated with the acquisitions will not be
amortized.

     Investments.  The Company accounts for its long-term investments that
represent less than 20 percent ownership using SFAS No. 115, "Accounting for
Certain Investments in Debt and Equity Securities." The Company has investments
in certain equity securities that have readily determinable market values and
are being accounted for as Available-for-Sale equity investments in accordance
with SFAS No. 115. Therefore, these investments are recorded at market value
with changes reflected in other comprehensive income, a component of
shareholders' equity, on an after-tax basis.

     Other investments for which the Company does not have the ability to
exercise significant influence and for which there is not a readily determinable
market value are accounted for under the cost method of accounting. The Company
periodically evaluates the carrying value of its investments and, at December
31, 2001 and 2000, such investments were recorded at the lower of cost or fair
value.

     For investments in which the Company owns or controls from 20 percent to 50
percent of the voting shares, the equity method of accounting is used. The
Company's share of net income or losses of equity method investments is included
in the Consolidated Statements of Income and was not material in any period
presented. See NOTE 17, INVESTMENTS, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements.

     Long-lived assets.  In accordance with SFAS No. 121, "Accounting for the
Impairment of Long-Lived Assets and for Long-Lived Assets to be Disposed Of,"
the Company continually evaluates whether events and circumstances have occurred
that indicate the remaining estimated useful lives of its intangible and other
long-lived assets may warrant revision or that the remaining balance of such
assets may not be recoverable. The Company uses an estimate of the related
undiscounted cash flows over the remaining life of the asset in measuring
whether the asset is recoverable.

     Other long-term assets.  Other long-term assets include pension assets and
long-term notes receivable. Long-term notes receivable include cash advances
made to customers, principally boatbuilders and fitness equipment retailers, or
their owners, in connection with long-term supply arrangements. These
transactions have occurred in the normal course of business and are backed by
secured or unsecured notes receivable that are reduced as purchases of
qualifying products are made. Amounts outstanding related to these arrangements
as of December 31, 2001 and 2000, totaled $53.9 million and $65.1 million,
respectively. One boatbuilder customer and its owner comprised 69 percent and 61
percent of these amounts as of December 31, 2001 and 2000, respectively. Certain
agreements provide for the assignment of lease and other long-term receivables
originated by the Company to third parties. The assignment is not treated as a
sale of the associated receivables, but as a secured obligation under SFAS No.
140, "Accounting for Transfers and Servicing of Financial Assets and
Extinguishments of Liabilities." The associated receivables and related
obligations are included in Consolidated Balance Sheets under other long-term
assets and deferred items - compensation and other, respectively.

     Advertising costs.  Advertising and promotion costs are expensed in the
year in which the advertising first takes place. Advertising and promotion costs
were $67.7 million, $86.0 million and $86.3 million for the years ended December
31, 2001, 2000 and 1999, respectively.

                                        41
<PAGE>
                             BRUNSWICK CORPORATION
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

     Revenue recognition.  In December 1999, the Securities and Exchange
Commission (SEC) issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 101 (SAB 101), "Revenue
Recognition in Financial Statements." SAB 101 summarizes certain of the SEC
staff's views in applying generally accepted accounting principles to revenue
recognition in financial statements. The Company is in compliance with SAB 101.

     The Company's revenue is derived primarily from product sales. Revenue is
recognized in accordance with the terms of the sale, specifically when delivery
has occurred, the sales price is fixed and determined and collectibility is
reasonably assured. Provisions for discounts and rebates to customers,
warranties, returns and other adjustments are provided for in the same period
the related sales are recorded.

     Comprehensive income.  Accumulated other comprehensive income includes
currency translation adjustments, unrealized derivative and investment gains and
losses, and minimum pension liability adjustments. The tax effect included in
these items was $28.6 million, $14.3 million, and $4.3 million for the years
ended December 31, 2001, 2000, and 1999, respectively.

     Stock-based Compensation.  Employee stock options are accounted for under
the provisions of Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 25, "Accounting for
Stock Issued to Employees" (APB No. 25). APB No. 25 requires the use of the
intrinsic value method, which measures compensation cost as the excess, if any,
of the quoted market price of the stock at date of grant over the amount an
employee must pay to acquire the stock. The Company makes pro forma disclosures
of net earnings and earnings per share as if the fair-value-based method of
accounting had been applied as required by SFAS No. 123, "Accounting for
Stock-Based Compensation."

     Derivatives.  The Company uses derivative financial instruments to manage
its risk associated with movements in foreign currency exchange rates, interest
rates and commodity prices. These instruments are used in accordance with
guidelines established by the Company's management and are not used for trading
or speculative purposes. See NOTE 8, FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS, in the Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements.

     Effective January 1, 2001, the Company adopted SFAS Nos. 133/138,
"Accounting for Certain Derivative Instruments and Certain Hedging Activities."
Under SFAS Nos. 133/138, all derivative instruments are recognized on the
balance sheet at fair values. As a result of the adoption of this standard, on
January 1, 2001, the Company recorded a $2.9 million after-tax loss ($4.7
million pre-tax) as a cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle,
primarily resulting from interest rate swaps.

     New Accounting Pronouncements.  In June 2001, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board (FASB) issued SFAS No. 141, "Business Combinations," and SFAS
No. 142, "Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets." SFAS No. 141 requires that all
business combinations initiated after June 30, 2001, be accounted for under the
purchase method. SFAS No. 142 requires that goodwill and indefinite-lived
intangible assets no longer be amortized to earnings, but instead reviewed
annually for impairment. The amortization of existing goodwill and
indefinite-lived intangible assets at June 30, 2001, ceased at January 1, 2002.
Goodwill on acquisitions completed after June 30, 2001, is not amortized, but
instead will be reviewed annually for impairment. The Company is currently
assessing SFAS No. 142 and has not yet made a determination of the impact that
adoption will have on the consolidated financial statements. Amortization
expense arising from goodwill and other intangible assets that will no longer be
amortized under the provisions of the new rules, was approximately $17.2 million
and $15.3 million in 2001 and 2000, respectively.

     In August 2001, the FASB issued SFAS No. 144, "Accounting for the
Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets." SFAS No. 144 supersedes both SFAS
No. 121 and the accounting and reporting provisions of APB Opinion No. 30,
"Reporting the Results of Operations-Reporting the Effects of Disposal of a
Segment of a Business, and Extraordinary, Unusual and Infrequently Occurring
Events and Transactions" (Opinion 30), for the disposal of a segment of a
business (as previously defined in that Opinion). SFAS No. 144 retains the
fundamental provisions in SFAS No. 121 for recognizing and measuring impairment
losses on long-lived assets held for use and long-lived assets to be disposed of
by sale, while also resolving significant

                                        42
<PAGE>
                             BRUNSWICK CORPORATION
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

implementation issues associated with SFAS No. 121. SFAS No. 144 retains the
basic provisions of Opinion 30 on how to present discontinued operations in the
income statement but broadens that presentation to include a component of an
entity (rather than a segment of a business). Unlike SFAS 121, an impairment
assessment under SFAS No. 144 will never result in a write-down of goodwill.
Rather, goodwill is evaluated for impairment under SFAS No. 142. SFAS No. 144 is
required to be adopted no later than the fiscal year beginning after December
15, 2001. The adoption of SFAS No. 144 is not expected to have a material impact
on the financial statements because the impairment assessment under SFAS No. 144
is largely unchanged from SFAS No. 121.

2.  EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE

     There is no difference in the net income used to compute basic and diluted
earnings per share. The difference in the average number of shares of common
stock outstanding used to compute basic and diluted earnings per share is the
amount of potential common stock relating to employee stock options and
compensation plans. The average number of potential shares of common stock was
0.2 million in 2001, less than 0.1 million in 2000 and 0.6 million in 1999.

3.  SEGMENT INFORMATION

     The Company is a manufacturer and marketer of leading consumer brands.
During 2000, the Company announced its intention to divest the businesses that
comprised its former outdoor recreation segment, and realigned its remaining
segments in light of these announcements. The Company's reportable segments
following these announcements are: Marine Engine, Boat, and Recreation.

     The Marine Engine segment manufactures and markets a full range of outboard
engines, sterndrive engines, inboard engines and propless water-jet propulsion
systems, which are principally sold directly to boatbuilders, including the
Company's Boat segment, or through marine retail dealers worldwide. The segment
also manufactures and distributes boats in certain international markets. The
Company's engine manufacturing plants are located primarily in the United
States, and sales are primarily in the United States and Europe.

     The Boat segment manufactures and markets fiberglass pleasure boats,
high-performance boats, offshore fishing boats and aluminum fishing, deck and
pontoon boats, which are marketed primarily through dealers. The segment's boat
plants are located in the United States, Canada and United Kingdom and sales are
primarily in the United States. Sales to one dealer, with multiple locations,
comprised approximately 19 percent of Boat segment sales in 2001.

     The Recreation segment manufactures, designs and markets fitness equipment,
including treadmills, total-body cross-trainers, stationary bikes and
strength-training equipment; bowling capital equipment, including lanes,
pinsetters, automatic scorers; bowling balls and other accessories; billiards
tables and accessories; and operates bowling centers. These products are
manufactured and sourced from domestic or foreign locations. Fitness equipment
is sold primarily in the United States and Europe to health clubs, military,
government, corporate and university facilities, and to consumers through
specialty retail shops. Bowling capital equipment is sold through a direct sales
force in the United States and foreign markets, primarily Europe and Asia.
Bowling balls and billiards equipment are predominantly sold in the United
States and are distributed primarily through mass merchandisers, sporting goods
stores and specialty shops.

                                        43
<PAGE>
                             BRUNSWICK CORPORATION
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

     Information as to the operations of the Company's three operating segments
is set forth below:

OPERATING SEGMENTS

<Table>
<Caption>
                                 SALES TO CUSTOMERS            OPERATING EARNINGS       ASSETS OF CONTINUING OPERATIONS
                           ------------------------------   ------------------------   ---------------------------------
                             2001       2000       1999      2001     2000     1999      2001        2000        1999
                           --------   --------   --------   ------   ------   ------   ---------   ---------   ---------
                                                                   (IN MILLIONS)
<S>                        <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>      <C>      <C>      <C>         <C>         <C>
Marine Engine............  $1,561.6   $1,759.9   $1,614.8   $173.0   $276.0   $242.5   $  772.5    $  799.0    $  725.1
Boat.....................   1,251.3    1,574.3    1,476.6     18.1    148.2    120.7      783.9       639.7       594.1
Marine eliminations......    (207.9)    (293.0)    (283.5)      --       --       --         --          --          --
                           --------   --------   --------   ------   ------   ------   --------    --------    --------
  Total Marine...........   2,605.0    3,041.2    2,807.9    191.1    424.2    363.2    1,556.4     1,438.7     1,319.2
Recreation...............     765.8      770.7      733.4     35.7     73.1     73.9      939.9       883.9       821.2
Corporate/Other..........        --         --         --    (35.7)   (45.1)   (46.5)     661.2       771.7       544.9
                           --------   --------   --------   ------   ------   ------   --------    --------    --------
  Total..................  $3,370.8   $3,811.9   $3,541.3    191.1    452.2    390.6   $3,157.5    $3,094.3    $2,685.3
                           ========   ========   ========                              ========    ========    ========
Unusual charges..........                                       --    (55.1)  (116.0)
                                                            ------   ------   ------
Operating earnings.......                                   $191.1   $397.1   $274.6
                                                            ======   ======   ======
</Table>



                                         DEPRECIATION AND      RESEARCH AND
                CAPITAL EXPENDITURES       AMORTIZATION     DEVELOPMENT EXPENSE
                --------------------  -------------------  ---------------------
                 2001   2000   1999   2001    2000   1999  2001    2000    1999
                ------ ------  ------ ------ ------ -----  -----   -----   -----
                                         (IN MILLIONS)
Marine Engine. $ 48.8  $ 63.8  $ 77.1 $ 58.7 $ 55.3 $ 51.5  $58.2  $ 60.8  $53.3
Boat..........   35.5    57.4    46.6   55.5   51.0   49.3   19.7    22.5   17.7
Recreation....   25.7    31.8    41.9   43.7   40.3   39.0   18.0    18.9   18.7
Corporate.....    1.4     3.0     1.2    2.5    2.2    1.6     --      --     --
               ------  ------  ------ ------ ------ ------  -----  ------  -----
  Total....... $111.4  $156.0  $166.8 $160.4 $148.8 $141.4  $95.9  $102.2  $89.7
               ======  ======  ====== ====== ====== ======  =====  ======  =====




GEOGRAPHIC SEGMENTS

                       SALES TO CUSTOMERS        ASSETS OF CONTINUING OPERATIONS
                 ------------------------------   ------------------------------
                   2001       2000       1999      2001       2000       1999
                 --------   --------   --------   ---------  ---------  --------
                                         (IN MILLIONS)
United States... $2,511.6   $2,973.5   $2,755.7   $2,073.7   $2,020.7   $1,876.3
International...    859.2      838.4      785.6      422.6      301.9      264.1
Corporate.......       --         --         --      661.2      771.7      544.9
                 --------   --------   --------   --------   --------   --------
  Total......... $3,370.8   $3,811.9   $3,541.3   $3,157.5   $3,094.3   $2,685.3
                 ========   ========   ========   ========   ========   ========


     Operating earnings for 2000 included a $55.1 million unusual charge to
increase environmental reserves related to the cleanup of contamination from a
former manufacturing facility and to account for the write-down of investments
in certain Internet-related businesses. Operating earnings for 1999 included
$116.0 million of litigation settlement charges.

     The Company evaluates performance based on several factors, of which the
primary financial measure is business segment operating earnings. Operating
earnings of segments do not include the expenses of corporate administration,
other expenses and income of a non-operating or strategic nature, or provisions
for income taxes. Corporate assets consist primarily of prepaid income taxes,
cash and marketable securities, pension assets and investments in unconsolidated
affiliates.

                                       44
<PAGE>
                             BRUNSWICK CORPORATION
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

4.  UNUSUAL CHARGES

     Unusual charges consist of the following:

                                                      2001   2000     1999
                                                      ----   -----   ------
                                                          (IN MILLIONS)
Environmental provisions............................  $--    $41.0   $   --
Investment write-downs..............................   --     14.1       --
Antitrust litigation settlements....................   --       --    116.0
                                                      ---    -----   ------
  Total.............................................  $--    $55.1   $116.0
                                                      ===    =====   ======

5.  ASSET WRITE-DOWNS AND STRATEGIC CHARGES

     In the third quarter of 1998, the Company recorded a pre-tax charge of
$50.8 million ($35.1 million after tax) to operating earnings. The charge
covered exit and asset disposition costs related to strategic initiatives taken
in the bowling business largely in response to the effect of the Asian economic
situation. The 1998 strategic charge includes lease termination costs, severance
costs, other incremental costs and asset disposition costs. These actions were
substantially completed during 1999.

     The Company's activity relating to strategic charges, included as part of
accrued expenses, at December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999, were as follows:

                                                      LEASE      OTHER
                                       SEVERANCE   TERMINATION   COSTS   TOTAL
                                       ---------   -----------   -----   ------
                                                    (IN MILLIONS)
Balance at December 31, 1998.........   $ 14.2        $10.1      $10.7   $ 35.0
Activity.............................    (14.2)         1.0       (9.0)   (22.2)
                                        ------        -----      -----   ------
Balance at December 31, 1999.........       --         11.1        1.7     12.8
Activity.............................       --           --       (0.2)    (0.2)
                                        ------        -----      -----   ------
Balance at December 31, 2000.........       --         11.1        1.5     12.6
Activity.............................       --         (3.4)      (1.4)    (4.8)
                                        ------        -----      -----   ------
Balance at December 31, 2001.........   $   --        $ 7.7      $ 0.1   $  7.8
                                        ======        =====      =====   ======

     The remaining reserves relate principally to the strategic actions taken in
1998. Lease termination costs are expected to be paid out over the contractual
terms of the leases.

6.  ACQUISITIONS

     Cash paid for acquisitions, net of debt and cash acquired, totaled $134.4
million for 2001, comprised primarily of consideration paid for Princecraft
Boats Inc. (Princecraft), a manufacturer of fishing, deck and pontoon boats;
Sealine International (Sealine), a leading manufacturer of luxury sport cruisers
and motoryachts; and Hatteras Yachts, Inc. (Hatteras), a leading manufacturer of
luxury sportfishing convertibles and motor-
yachts. The Company acquired Princecraft on March 7, 2001, and its results are
included in the Boat segment post-acquisition. The acquisition of Princecraft
has been accounted for as a purchase. The Company acquired assets including
inventory, net property, plant and equipment and a trademark. The Company
acquired the stock of Sealine on July 3, 2001, for total consideration of
approximately $68 million. Sealine's results are included in the Boat segment
since the date of acquisition. The acquisition was funded through approximately
$38 million in cash, the assumption of debt and the issuance of notes to certain
sellers. The Company acquired the stock of Hatteras on November 30, 2001, for
approximately $86 million in cash, of which $81 million was paid in 2001. The
transaction provides for an additional payment of up to $20 million based on the
financial performance of Hatteras during the period ending June 30, 2003.
Hatteras' results are included in the Boat segment since the
                                        45
<PAGE>
                             BRUNSWICK CORPORATION
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

date of acquisition. The Company has applied SFAS No. 141 and SFAS No. 142 in
connection with the acquisitions of Sealine and Hatteras. Therefore, both
acquisitions were accounted for under the purchase method and the goodwill and
indefinite-lived intangible assets associated with these transactions will not
be amortized. The fair value of the net assets acquired is subject to final
purchase accounting adjustments.

     In addition, the Company also acquired the remaining interest in Omni
Fitness Equipment, Inc. (Omni Fitness), a domestic retailer of fitness
equipment, effective February 28, 2001. Omni Fitness' results are included in
the Recreation segment, and the acquisition has been accounted for as a
purchase. The Company acquired the remaining interest in satisfaction of a note
with the previous owner. The Company had previously accounted for its interest
in Omni Fitness under the equity method of accounting. The Company also acquired
some other small businesses included in the Recreation segment.

     The purpose of the current year acquisitions was to follow part of the
Company's strategy for achieving growth by pursuing aggressive marketing and
brand-building activities, pursuing international opportunities and leveraging
core competencies. The 2001 acquisitions resulted in goodwill of $96.3 million.
Acquisitions in 2001 were not material to the Company's results of operations
and total assets.

     No acquisitions occurred in 2000. Cash consideration paid for acquisitions
in 1999 totaled $4.2 million. The acquisitions were accounted for as purchases
and resulted in goodwill of $2.6 million in 1999. The assets and liabilities of
the acquired companies have been recorded in the Company's consolidated
financial statements at their estimated fair values at the acquisition dates.
The operating results of each acquisition are included in the Company's results
of operations since the date of acquisition.

7.  COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

     Financial Commitments.  The Company has entered into agreements, which are
customary in the marine industry, that provide for the repurchase of its
products from a financial institution in the event of repossession upon a
dealer's default. Repurchases and losses incurred under these agreements have
not had a significant effect on the Company's results of operations. The maximum
potential repurchase commitments were approximately $205 million at December 31,
2001, and approximately $214 million at December 31, 2000.

     The Company also has various agreements with financial institutions that
provide limited recourse on bowling capital equipment, fitness equipment and
marine equipment sales. Recourse losses have not had a significant effect on the
Company's results of operations. The maximum potential recourse liabilities
outstanding under these programs at December 31, 2001 and 2000, were
approximately $47 million and $55 million, respectively. Certain of these
agreements provide for the assignment of lease and other long-term receivables
originated by the Company to third parties. The assignment is not treated as a
sale of the associated receivables, but as a secured obligation under SFAS No.
140. The associated receivables and related obligations are included in other
long-term assets and deferred items - compensation and other, respectively.

     The Company had outstanding standby letters of credit and financial
guarantees of approximately $104 million and $102 million at December 31, 2001
and 2000, respectively, representing conditional commitments whereby the Company
guarantees performance to a third party. Included in the amounts for 2001 and
2000 was a $79.8 million surety bond to secure payment of tax deficiencies plus
accrued interest related to the Company's appeal of a United States Tax Court
determination and a $13.0 million surety bond to secure damages awarded in a
suit in October 1999 while the Company pursues its appeal. The remaining
commitments include guarantees of payments under certain of the Company's
insurance programs and other guarantees issued in the ordinary course of
business.

                                        46
<PAGE>
                             BRUNSWICK CORPORATION
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

     Legal and Environmental.  The Company is subject to certain legal and
environmental proceedings and claims that have arisen in the ordinary course of
its business.

     On January 22, 2002, the United States Supreme Court granted discretionary
review of the case Sprietsma vs. Mercury Marine, a "propeller guard" case on
appeal from the Illinois Supreme Court. At issue in Sprietsma is whether federal
law preempts tort claims alleging that marine engines should be equipped with
devices designed to protect against propeller injuries. Nine federal courts and
many state courts, including the Illinois Supreme Court in Sprietsma, have
previously found such claims to be preempted by the United States Coast Guard's
1990 decision, pursuant to the Federal Boat Safety Act, not to require propeller
guards. The Company does not believe that the resolution of this matter will
have a material adverse effect on the Company's consolidated financial position
or results of operations.

     On September 6, 2001, the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) informed the
Company that it had closed an investigation concerning the Company's bidding for
certain assets of Outboard Marine Corporation (OMC) as a part of OMC's
bankruptcy. On October 5, 2001, the FTC also informed the Company that it had
closed a separate investigation commenced in 1997 concerning certain of the
Company's marketing practices related to the sale of sterndrive marine engines
to boatbuilders and dealers.

     In 1994, one of Life Fitness' competitors, Precor, Incorporated, filed a
complaint in federal court in Seattle, Washington, involving one of Life
Fitness' treadmills. The lawsuit claimed that Life Fitness had engaged in unfair
competitive practices in violation of the Washington State Consumer Protection
Act and that certain of its treadmills infringed a design patent held by Precor.
Life Fitness then filed an infringement claim against Precor, in connection with
Life Fitness' '207 patent for its flexible treadmill deck. On October 26, 1999,
the jury awarded Precor, now a subsidiary of Illinois Tool Works, Inc.,
approximately $5.2 million in connection with Precor's design infringement claim
against the Company, as successor in interest to the predecessor entities of its
Life Fitness division. The jury also rejected Life Fitness' '207 patent claim.
Precor was awarded up to $5.3 million in attorneys' fees and prejudgment
interest on the damage award. The Company appealed the verdict and the award of
attorneys' fees to the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit.
On June 27, 2001, the Court of Appeals issued its decision upholding the lower
court's finding that Life Fitness' '207 patent claim was invalid, and reversing
the lower court's finding that Life Fitness infringed Precor's design patent.
The Court of Appeals remanded the award of attorneys' fees to the lower court
for a redetermination based on the reversal of the willful infringement finding.
On January 10, 2002, the federal court ruled that Precor is entitled only to
those attorneys' fees directly attributable to the unfair competition claims
under the Washington State Consumer Protection Act. The Company does not believe
that the resolution of this matter will have a material adverse effect on the
Company's consolidated financial position or results of operations.

     In January 2000, Precor filed suit against Life Fitness in federal court in
Washington alleging that certain of Life Fitness' cross-trainer exercise
machines infringed Precor's Miller '829 patent. In 1999, before Precor filed its
lawsuit, the Miller '829 patent was re-examined by the U.S. Patent & Trademark
Office (PTO) and was rejected. The lawsuit was stayed while Precor sought a
reissuance of the Miller patent by the PTO. The PTO issued a modified patent on
March 5, 2002. Precor has announced that it would petition the lower court to
lift the stay and continue its lawsuit against Life Fitness. The Company does
not believe that its machines infringe the patent, as modified, but is unable to
predict the outcome of the second Precor case.

     Vapor Corporation, a former subsidiary that the Company divested in 1990,
has been named in a number of asbestos-related lawsuits, the first of which was
filed in 1988. The Company retained certain liabilities of Vapor, requiring it
to respond to these suits. The suits, most of which involve numerous other
defendants, allege that steam generators manufactured by Vapor prior to the
Company's ownership contained small amounts of asbestos. The generators were
used to heat railroad cars and the primary means of potential exposure appears
to have been to railroad workers performing inspections or repairs to the
generators. Neither the Company nor Vapor is alleged to have manufactured
asbestos. Early in the litigation, the Company's
                                        47
<PAGE>
                             BRUNSWICK CORPORATION
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

insurers settled a number of claims for nominal amounts, while a number of other
claims have been dismissed. No suit has yet gone to trial. The Company does not
believe that the resolution of this matter will have a material adverse effect
on the Company's consolidated financial position or results of operations.

     The Company is also involved in certain legal and administrative
proceedings under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and
Liability Act of 1980 and other federal and state legislation governing the
generation and disposition of certain hazardous wastes. These proceedings,
involving both on-and off-site waste disposal or other contamination, in many
instances seek compensation or remedial action from the Company as a waste
generator under Superfund legislation, which authorizes action regardless of
fault, legality of original disposition or ownership of a disposal site. The
Company is also involved in a number of environmental remediation actions
addressing contamination resulting from historic activities on its present and
former plant properties.

     The environmental remediation and clean-up projects in which the Company is
involved have an aggregate estimated range of exposure of approximately $41
million to $66 million as of December 31, 2001. At December 31, 2001 and 2000,
the Company had reserves for environmental liabilities of $62.6 million and
$65.3 million, respectively. Environmental provisions were $1.7 million, $43.1
million and $3.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999,
respectively. The provision for the year ended December 31, 2000, includes a
$41.0 million charge resulting from an increase in the estimated cost of
remediation of contamination alleged to have come from a former manufacturing
facility of the Company.

     The Company accrues for environmental remediation-related activities for
which commitments or clean-up plans have been developed and for which costs can
be reasonably estimated. All accrued amounts are generally determined in
coordination with third-party experts on an undiscounted basis and do not
consider recoveries from third parties until such recoveries are realized. In
light of existing reserves, the Company's environmental claims, including those
discussed, when finally resolved, will not, in the opinion of management, have a
material adverse effect on the Company's consolidated financial position or
results of operations.

8.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

     The Company engages in business activities involving both financial and
market risks. The Company uses derivative financial instruments to manage its
risks associated with movements in foreign currency exchange rates, interest
rates and commodity prices. Derivative instruments are not used for trading or
speculative purposes. The effects of derivative and financial instruments are
not expected to be material to the Company's financial position or results of
operations.

     The carrying values of the Company's short-term financial instruments,
including cash and cash equivalents, accounts and notes receivable and
short-term debt, approximate their fair values because of the short maturity of
these instruments. At December 31, 2001 and 2000, the fair value of the
Company's long-term debt was $569.6 million and $506.2 million, respectively, as
estimated using quoted market prices or discounted cash flows based on market
rates for similar types of debt. The fair market value of derivative financial
instruments is determined through dealer quotes and may not be representative of
the actual gains or losses that will be recorded when these instruments mature
due to future fluctuations in the markets in which they are traded.

     Forward Exchange Contracts.  The Company enters into forward exchange
contracts and options to manage foreign exchange exposure related to
transactions, assets and liabilities that are subject to risk from foreign
currency rate changes. These include product costs; revenues and expenses;
associated receivables and payables; intercompany obligations and receivables;
and other related cash flows. Forward exchange contracts outstanding at December
31, 2001 and 2000, had contract values of $18.4 million and $94.1 million,
respectively. The approximate fair value of forward exchange contracts was a
$0.1 million and $3.0 million liability at December 31, 2001 and 2000,
respectively. Option contracts outstanding at December 31, 2001,

                                        48
<PAGE>
                             BRUNSWICK CORPORATION
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

had contract values of $49.4 million and the approximate fair value was a $0.7
million liability. There were no option contracts outstanding at December 31,
2000. The forward and options contracts outstanding at December 31, 2001, mature
during 2002 and relate primarily to the Japanese yen, Euro and British pound.

     Interest Rate Swaps.  The Company has entered into interest rate swap
agreements to reduce the impact of changes in interest rates on the Company's
borrowings. In 2001, the Company entered into four fixed-to-floating interest
rate swaps with a total notional amount of $150.0 million, all of which will
expire in December 2006. The estimated aggregate market value of these four
agreements was less than $0.1 million at December 31, 2001. At December 31,
2000, the Company had three outstanding floating-to-floating interest rate swap
agreements, each with a notional principal amount of $260.0 million, that were
settled in 2001. The estimated aggregate market value of these three agreements
was a loss of $2.8 million at December 31, 2000.

     Commodity Swaps.  The Company uses commodity swap agreements to hedge
anticipated purchases of certain raw materials. Commodity swap contracts
outstanding at December 31, 2001 and 2000, had notional values of $34.5 million
and $32.6 million, respectively. At December 31, 2001 and 2000, the estimated
fair value of these swap contracts was a net loss of $2.7 million and a net gain
of $2.8 million, respectively. The contracts outstanding at December 31, 2001,
mature throughout 2003.

     Credit Risk.  The Company enters into financial instruments with banks and
investment firms with which the Company has continuing business relationships
and regularly monitors the credit ratings of its counterparties. The Company
sells a broad range of active recreation products to a worldwide customer base
and extends credit to its customers based upon an on-going credit evaluation
program and security is obtained if required. Concentrations of credit risk with
respect to accounts receivable are limited, due to the large number of customers
comprising the Company's customer base and their dispersion across many
different geographic areas.

     Accounting for Derivatives.  Effective January 1, 2001, the Company adopted
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) Nos. 133/138, "Accounting for
Certain Derivative Instruments and Certain Hedging Activities." Under SFAS Nos.
133/138, all derivative instruments are recognized on the balance sheet at their
fair values. As a result of the adoption of this standard, in the first quarter
of 2001, the Company recorded a $2.9 million after-tax loss ($4.7 million
pre-tax) as a cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle, primarily
resulting from interest rate swaps.

     Cash Flow Hedges -- Certain derivative instruments qualify as cash flow
hedges under the requirements of SFAS Nos. 133/138. The Company executes forward
contracts and options, based on forecasted transactions, to manage foreign
exchange exposure mainly related to inventory purchase transactions. The Company
also enters into commodity swap agreements, based on anticipated purchases of
certain raw materials, to manage exposure related to risk from price changes.

     A cash flow hedge requires that as changes in the fair value of derivatives
occur, the portion of the change deemed to be effective is recorded temporarily
in accumulated other comprehensive income, an equity account, and reclassified
into earnings in the same period or periods during which the hedged transaction
affects earnings. Any ineffective portion of a derivative instrument's change in
fair value is recorded directly in other income (expense). The ineffective
portion of derivative transactions, including the premium or discount on option
contracts, was not material to the results of operations for the year ended
December 31, 2001.

                                        49
<PAGE>
                             BRUNSWICK CORPORATION
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

     The following activity related to cash flow hedges for the year ended
December 31, 2001, was recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                                 NET CHANGE IN
                                                                  ACCUMULATED
                                                                   UNREALIZED
                                                                DERIVATIVE GAINS
                                                                    (LOSSES)
                                                                   YEAR ENDED
                                                               DECEMBER 31, 2001
                                                              --------------------
                                                              PRE-TAX    AFTER TAX
                                                              -------    ---------
                                                                 (IN MILLIONS)
<S>                                                           <C>        <C>
Net deferred transition gain................................   $ 1.6       $ 1.0
Net change associated with current period hedging
  activity..................................................    (2.8)       (1.7)
Net gain reclassified into earnings.........................    (2.4)       (1.5)
                                                               -----       -----
Net accumulated unrealized derivative losses................   $(3.6)      $(2.2)
                                                               =====       =====
</Table>

     The Company estimates that $0.6 million of after-tax net derivative losses
deferred in accumulated other comprehensive income will be realized in earnings
over the next 12 months. Approximately $0.9 million of the original after-tax
net transition gain was realized in 2001, with the remaining $0.1 million to be
recognized in 2002. At December 31, 2001, the term of derivative instruments
hedging forecasted transactions ranges from one to twenty-four months.

     Fair Value Hedges -- During 2001, the Company entered into four interest
rate swaps, which qualify as fair value hedges under the requirements of SFAS
Nos. 133/138. The interest rate swaps were executed to mitigate the risk of
changes in the fair value of the Company's debt, which was attributable to
changes in the benchmark interest rate. A fair value hedge requires that the
change in the fair value of the interest rate swaps and the corresponding change
in fair value of the Company's fixed-rate, long-term debt be recorded through
earnings, with any difference reflecting the ineffectiveness of the hedge. Any
ineffective portion of a derivative instrument's change in fair value is
recorded directly in other income (expense). There was no hedge ineffectiveness
for the year ended December 31, 2001.

9.  ACCRUED EXPENSES

     Accrued expenses at December 31 were as follows:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                               2001     2000
                                                              ------   ------
                                                               (IN MILLIONS)
<S>                                                           <C>      <C>
Product warranties..........................................  $138.7   $130.0
Accrued compensation and benefit plans......................   127.2    143.6
Dealer allowances and discounts.............................   114.3    128.8
Insurance reserves..........................................    68.0     55.7
Environmental reserves......................................    62.6     65.3
Other.......................................................   137.4    118.4
                                                              ------   ------
  Total accrued expenses....................................  $648.2   $641.8
                                                              ======   ======
</Table>

                                        50
<PAGE>
                             BRUNSWICK CORPORATION
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

10.  DEBT

     Short-term debt at December 31 consisted of the following:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                              2001     2000
                                                              -----   ------
                                                              (IN MILLIONS)
<S>                                                           <C>     <C>
Commercial paper............................................  $  --   $152.0
Notes payable...............................................   13.6      2.1
Current maturities of long-term debt........................   26.4     18.6
                                                              -----   ------
  Total short-term debt.....................................  $40.0   $172.7
                                                              =====   ======
</Table>

     The weighted-average interest rate for commercial paper borrowings during
2001 and 2000 was 4.76 percent and 6.58 percent, respectively.

     Long-term debt at December 31 consisted of the following:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                               2001     2000
                                                              ------   ------
                                                               (IN MILLIONS)
<S>                                                           <C>      <C>
Mortgage notes and other, 3.17% to 12.0% payable through
  2005......................................................  $ 29.7   $ 15.1
Notes, 6.75% due 2006, net of discount of $1.1 and $1.3.....   248.9    248.7
Notes, 7.125% due 2027, net of discount of $1.2 and $1.3....   198.8    198.7
Debentures, 7.375% due 2023, net of discount of $0.7........   124.3    124.3
Guaranteed ESOP debt, 8.13% payable through 2004............    24.9     33.6
                                                              ------   ------
                                                               626.6    620.4
Current maturities..........................................   (26.4)   (18.6)
                                                              ------   ------
Long-term debt..............................................  $600.2   $601.8
                                                              ======   ======
Scheduled maturities
     2003...................................................  $ 22.7
     2004...................................................     5.5
     2005...................................................      --
     2006...................................................   248.9
     Thereafter.............................................   323.1
                                                              ------
       Total................................................  $600.2
                                                              ======
</Table>

     The Company has a $400.0 million long-term revolving credit agreement with
a group of banks, of which $40.0 million terminates on May 22, 2002, and $360.0
million terminates on May 22, 2003. Under the terms of the agreement, the
Company has multiple borrowing options, including borrowing at the greater of
the prime rate as announced by The Chase Manhattan Bank or the federal funds
effective rate plus 0.5 percent, or a rate tied to the LIBOR rate. The Company
pays a facility fee of 8 basis points per annum. Under the terms of the
agreement, the Company is subject to a leverage test, as well as a restriction
on secured debt. The Company was in compliance with these covenants at December
31, 2001. There were no borrowings under the revolving credit agreement during
2001 or 2000, and the agreement continues to serve as support for commercial
paper borrowings when commercial paper is outstanding. At December 31, 2001, the
Company had borrowing capacity of $400.0 million under the terms of this
agreement.

                                        51
<PAGE>
                             BRUNSWICK CORPORATION
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

11.  DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS

     During 2000, the Company announced its intention to divest the following
businesses that comprised its former outdoor recreation segment: fishing,
camping, bicycle, cooler, marine accessories and hunting sports accessories. The
consolidated financial statements for all periods have been restated to present
these businesses as discontinued operations in accordance with APB Opinion No.
30.

     The Company substantially completed the disposal of its outdoor recreation
segment in 2001. The net assets of discontinued operations offered for sale was
zero at December 31, 2001, and $107.4 at December 31, 2000. Net assets of
discontinued operations offered for sale consisted of current assets and
liabilities and net property, plant and equipment for these operations net of a
reserve for disposal. Although there will be some minor settlement transactions
in the future, it is anticipated that the impact arising from these transactions
on the Company's financial statements will not be significant.

     The Company completed the sale of its hunting sports accessories, North
American fishing and cooler business in 2001 and received cash proceeds of
approximately $74 million and notes which were valued at their estimated market
value of approximately $10 million. The Company completed the sale of its
bicycle and camping businesses in 2000 and received cash proceeds of
approximately $59 million and notes, which were valued at their estimated market
value of approximately $3 million.

     Results from discontinued operations for the years ended December 31, 2001,
2000 and 1999 were as follows:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                               2001     2000      1999
                                                              ------   -------   -------
                                                                    (IN MILLIONS)
<S>                                                           <C>      <C>       <C>
Net sales...................................................  $313.3   $ 695.3   $ 743.4
PRE-TAX LOSS:
Loss from discontinued operations...........................  $   --   $(104.6)  $(164.3)
Loss from disposal of discontinued operations...............      --    (305.3)       --
                                                              ------   -------   -------
Pre-tax loss................................................  $   --   $(409.9)  $(164.3)
                                                              ======   =======   =======
</Table>

     Losses from discontinued operations included the results of operations from
the businesses to be disposed as follows: hunting sports accessories, marine
accessories and cooler businesses through September 30, 2000, and fishing,
camping and bicycle businesses through June 30, 2000. Losses relating to these
businesses subsequent to these dates were estimated and provided for in the loss
on the disposition of these businesses.

     The 2000 loss from discontinued operations, $104.6 million pre-tax,
included the write-off of goodwill and other long-term assets related to the
camping business ($76.0 million pre-tax, $50.0 million after tax) that was
recorded in the second quarter of 2000. The write-off was necessary as the
Company determined that additional actions would not improve operating
performance to levels sufficient to recover its investment in these assets. Also
included were asset write-downs and restructuring costs, primarily severance in
the fishing and camping businesses, necessitated by a change in business
conditions and the decision to outsource the manufacture of fishing reels that
were previously manufactured in-house.

     The loss from discontinued operations in 1999, $164.3 million pre-tax,
included a $178.0 million ($114.0 million after tax) strategic charge taken in
the fourth quarter of 1999 for the bicycle business. Despite the Company's
successful initiatives to expand distribution and reduce costs in its bicycle
business, the profitability of the business eroded as competition from Asian
imports substantially reduced market pricing for bicycles. While the price
competition affected virtually all bicycles, the effects were extremely
pronounced at the opening price points. Consequently, in the fourth quarter of
1999, the Company determined that the goodwill associated with this business was
impaired. Additionally, to further reduce costs, the Company committed to plans
to exit manufacturing, reduce warehouse capacity and administrative expenses and

                                        52
<PAGE>
                             BRUNSWICK CORPORATION
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

rationalize product offerings. As a result of these actions, the Company
recorded $178.0 million of charges in the bicycle business. These charges
included the write-off of goodwill of $133.6 million, inventory write-downs of
$27.0 million, fixed asset write-downs of $10.5 million and other incremental
costs of $6.9 million. Additional costs of $7.0 million for severance and other
incremental costs related to the 1999 charge were recorded in the first quarter
of 2000 and are part of the $104.6 million pre-tax loss reported from
discontinued operations in 2000.

     The loss from disposal recorded in 2000 totaled $305.3 million pre-tax and
$229.6 million after tax. The losses associated with the disposition of these
businesses were based on an estimate of cash proceeds, net of costs to sell,
along with an estimate of results of operations for these businesses from the
date the decision was made to dispose of the businesses through the actual
disposition date. The tax benefits associated with the disposal reflect the
non-deductibility of losses on the sale of the cooler business. Cash generated
from these dispositions, including cash proceeds, net of costs to sell, cash
required to fund operations through disposition and related tax benefits
realized in connection with the divestitures, is approximately $275 million
after tax.

12.  STOCK PLANS AND MANAGEMENT COMPENSATION

     Under the 1991 Stock Plan, the Company may grant stock options, stock
appreciation rights, restricted stock and other types of awards to executives
and other management employees. Issuances under the plan may be from either
authorized but unissued shares or treasury shares. As of December 31, 2001, the
plan allows for the issuance of a maximum of 16.2 million shares. Shares
available for grant totaled 1.7 million at December 31, 2001.

     Stock options issued are generally exercisable over a period of 10 years,
or as determined by the Human Resource and Compensation Committee of the Board
of Directors. Options generally vest over three to five years, or immediately in
the event of a change in control. The option price per share can not be less
than the fair market value at the date of grant. The Company has additional
stock and stock option plans to provide for compensation of nonemployee
directors. Stock option activity for all plans for the three years ended
December 31, 2001, was as follows:

<Table>
<Caption>
                          2001                   2000                   1999
                 ---------------------  ---------------------  ----------------------
                              WEIGHTED               WEIGHTED               WEIGHTED
                    STOCK     AVERAGE      STOCK     AVERAGE      STOCK     AVERAGE
                   OPTIONS    EXERCISE    OPTIONS    EXERCISE    OPTIONS    EXERCISE
                 OUTSTANDING   PRICE    OUTSTANDING   PRICE    OUTSTANDING   PRICE
                 -----------  --------  -----------  --------  -----------  --------
                                        (OPTIONS IN THOUSANDS)
<S>              <C>          <C>       <C>          <C>       <C>           <C>
Outstanding on
  January 1.....    8,874      $22.18      7,965      $22.78      7,228       $22.62
Granted.........    2,685      $20.02      1,686      $18.91      1,597       $22.68
Exercised.......     (560)     $17.57       (193)     $16.23       (507)      $18.74
Forfeited.......     (518)     $22.14       (584)     $22.91       (353)      $24.87
                   ------                  -----                  -----
Outstanding on
  December 31...   10,481      $21.87      8,874      $22.18      7,965       $22.78
                   ======                  =====                  =====
Exercisable on
  December 31...    6,067      $22.92      5,307      $23.23      4,929       $21.79
</Table>

                             53
<PAGE>
                             BRUNSWICK CORPORATION
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

     The following table summarizes information about stock options outstanding
at December 31, 2001:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                 OPTIONS OUTSTANDING            OPTIONS EXERCISABLE
                         -----------------------------------  ----------------------
                                        WEIGHTED    WEIGHTED                WEIGHTED
                                         AVERAGE    AVERAGE                 AVERAGE
                            NUMBER     CONTRACTUAL  EXERCISE     NUMBER     EXERCISE
RANGE OF EXERCISE PRICE  OUTSTANDING      LIFE       PRICE    EXERCISABLE    PRICE
-----------------------  ------------- -----------  --------  ------------- --------
                           (OPTIONS                             (OPTIONS
                         IN THOUSANDS)                        IN THOUSANDS)
<S>                      <C>           <C>          <C>       <C>           <C>
$12.56 to 16.75.........      142       2.2 years    $15.99        142       $15.99
$16.76 to 20.25.........    6,464       7.4 years    $19.49      2,840       $19.32
$20.26 to 25.50.........    2,531       5.8 years    $23.16      1,891       $23.23
$25.51 to 35.44.........    1,344       5.7 years    $31.62      1,194       $31.81
</Table>

     In accordance with APB Opinion No. 25, no compensation cost related to
stock options granted has been recognized in the Company's Consolidated
Statement of Income. If the accounting provisions of SFAS No. 123, "Accounting
for Stock-Based Compensation," had been applied over the last three years, the
Company's pro forma net income and earnings per share would have been as
follows:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                            2001         2000          1999
                                          --------     ---------     ---------
                                          (IN MILLIONS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)
<S>                                       <C>          <C>           <C>
Earnings from continuing operations:
  As reported........................      $84.7        $202.2        $143.1
  Pro forma..........................       79.0         198.0         137.4
Basic earnings per common share
  from continuing operations:
  As reported........................      $0.96        $ 2.28        $ 1.56
  Pro forma..........................       0.90          2.23          1.49
Diluted earnings per common share
  from continuing
  operations:
  As reported........................      $0.96        $ 2.28        $ 1.55
  Pro forma..........................       0.90          2.23          1.48
</Table>

     The weighted-average fair value of individual options granted during 2001,
2000 and 1999 is $5.46, $5.85 and $6.83, respectively. The fair value of each
option grant is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option
pricing model with the following weighted-average assumptions used for 2001,
2000 and 1999, respectively:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                               2001      2000      1999
                                               ----      ----      ----
<S>                                           <C>       <C>       <C>
Risk-free interest rate............              4.2%      6.1%      5.1%
Dividend yield.....................              2.8%      2.5%      2.1%
Volatility factor..................             33.1%     32.7%     31.9%
Weighted-average expected life.....           5 YEARS   5 years   5 years
</Table>

     The Company maintains a leveraged employee stock ownership plan (ESOP). In
April 1989, the ESOP borrowed $100 million to purchase 5,095,542 shares of the
Company's common stock at $19.625 per share. The debt of the ESOP is guaranteed
by the Company and is recorded in the Company's financial statements. All ESOP
shares are considered outstanding for earnings per share purposes. The ESOP
shares are

                                        54
<PAGE>
                             BRUNSWICK CORPORATION
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

maintained in a suspense account until released and allocated to participants'
accounts. Shares committed-to-be-released, allocated and remaining in suspense
at December 31 were as follows:

                                                              2001     2000
                                                              ----     ----
                                                                (SHARES IN
                                                                THOUSANDS)
Committed-to-be-released....................................    285      287
Allocated...................................................  2,131    2,083
Suspense....................................................    822    1,150

     Under the grandfather provisions of Statement of Position (SOP) 93-6, the
expense recorded by the Company is based on cash contributed or committed to be
contributed by the Company to the ESOP during the year, net of dividends
received, which are primarily used by the ESOP to pay down debt. The Company's
contributions to the ESOP, along with related expense amounts, were as follows:

                                                   2001    2000    1999
                                                   -----   -----   -----
                                                       (IN MILLIONS)
Compensation expense.............................. $ 6.9   $ 6.2   $ 5.5
Interest expense..................................   2.6     3.1     3.7
Dividends.........................................   1.7     1.9     2.0
                                                   -----   -----   -----
  Total debt service payments..................... $11.2   $11.2   $11.2
                                                   =====   =====   =====

     The Company has certain employment agreements and a severance plan that
become effective upon a change in control of the Company, which will result in
compensation expense in the period that a change in control occurs.

13.  PENSION AND OTHER POSTRETIREMENT BENEFITS

     The Company has qualified and nonqualified pension plans and other
postretirement benefit plans covering substantially all of its employees. The
Company's domestic pension and retiree health care and life insurance benefit
plans are discussed below. The Company's salaried pension plan was closed to new
participants effective April 1, 1999. This plan was replaced with a defined
contribution plan for certain employees not meeting age and service requirements
and for new hires. The Company's foreign benefit plans are not significant
individually or in the aggregate.

     Pension and other postretirement benefit (income) costs included the
following components for 2001, 2000 and 1999:

                           PENSION BENEFITS        OTHER POSTRETIREMENT BENEFITS
                      --------------------------   -----------------------------
                        2001     2000     1999       2001       2000      1999
                       ------   ------   ------     -------    -------   -------
                                          (IN MILLIONS)
Service cost.........  $ 16.9   $ 15.4   $ 18.6     $ 1.9       $ 1.5     $ 1.7
Interest cost........    55.9     51.6     47.6       4.2         3.8       3.7
Expected return
 on plan assets......   (69.6)   (74.6)   (66.7)       --          --        --
Amortization of
 prior service cost..     5.9      3.1      3.6      (0.5)       (0.5)     (0.5)
Amortization of net
 (gain) loss.........     0.6     (2.7)     0.6      (0.9)       (1.5)     (0.8)
                       ------   ------   ------     -----       -----     -----
  Net pension and
   other benefit
   (income) costs....  $  9.7   $ (7.2)  $  3.7     $ 4.7       $ 3.3     $ 4.1
                       ======   ======   ======     =====       =====     =====

                                        55
<PAGE>
                             BRUNSWICK CORPORATION
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

     A reconciliation of the changes in the plans' benefit obligations and fair
value of assets over the two-year period ending December 31, 2001, and a
statement of the funded status at December 31 for these years for the Company's
domestic pension plans follows:

                                                                      OTHER
                                                   PENSION        POSTRETIREMENT
                                                   BENEFITS         BENEFITS
                                                ---------------  ---------------
                                                 2001     2000    2001    2000
                                                -------  ------  ------  -------
                                                              (IN MILLIONS)
RECONCILIATION OF BENEFIT OBLIGATION:
  Benefit obligation at previous December 31.. $ 764.2  $663.6  $ 64.6   $ 60.8
  Service cost................................    16.9    15.4     1.9      1.5
  Interest cost...............................    55.9    51.6     4.2      3.8
  Participant contributions...................      --      --     2.6      1.6
  Plan amendments.............................      --    29.7    (0.2)    (0.4)
  Actuarial loss..............................    26.6    43.8    18.1      2.4
  Benefit payments............................   (43.0)  (39.9)   (6.9)    (5.1)
                                               -------  ------  ------   ------
Benefit obligation at December 31............. $ 820.6  $764.2  $ 84.3   $ 64.6
                                               -------  ------  ------   ------
RECONCILIATION OF FAIR VALUE OF PLAN ASSETS:
  Fair value of plan assets at January 1...... $ 753.5  $803.8  $   --   $   --
  Actual return on plan assets................   (12.3)  (12.6)     --       --
  Employer contributions......................    12.5     2.2     4.3      3.5
  Participant contributions...................      --      --     2.6      1.6
  Benefit payments............................   (43.0)  (39.9)   (6.9)    (5.1)
                                               -------  ------  ------   ------
Fair value of plan assets at December 31...... $ 710.7  $753.5  $   --   $   --
                                               -------  ------  ------   ------
FUNDED STATUS:
  Funded status at December 31................ $(109.9) $(10.7) $(84.3)  $(64.6)
  Unrecognized prior service cost (credit)....    43.8    50.2    (4.2)    (4.5)
  Unrecognized actuarial (gain) loss..........   127.8    20.0    (3.2)   (22.1)
                                               -------  ------  ------   ------
Prepaid (accrued) benefit cost................ $  61.7  $ 59.5  $(91.7)  $(91.2)
                                               =======  ======  ======   ======



     Pension plan assets include 1.8 million shares of the Company's common
stock at December 31, 2001. Plan amendments totaling $29.7 million in 2000,
principally relate to increased benefit levels resulting from union negotiations
in the Marine Engine segment.

     The amounts included in the Company's balance sheets as of December 31 were
as follows:

                                                                     OTHER
                                                                POSTRETIREMENT
                                             PENSION BENEFITS      BENEFITS
                                             ----------------   ---------------
                                              2001      2000     2001     2000
                                             -------   ------   ------   ------
                                                       (IN MILLIONS)
Prepaid benefit cost.......................  $  92.9   $ 88.4   $   --   $   --
Accrued benefit liability..................   (101.4)   (81.9)   (91.7)   (91.2)
Intangible asset...........................     36.1     43.3       --       --
Accumulated other comprehensive income.....     34.1      9.7       --       --
                                             -------   ------   ------   ------
  Net amount recognized....................  $  61.7   $ 59.5   $(91.7)  $(91.2)
                                             =======   ======   ======   ======


                                        56
<PAGE>
                             BRUNSWICK CORPORATION
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

     The Company's unfunded, nonqualified pension plan had projected and
accumulated benefit obligations of $44.1 million and $34.4 million,
respectively, at December 31, 2001, and $39.8 million and $32.4 million,
respectively, at December 31, 2000. One of the Company's qualified plans had an
accumulated benefit obligation in excess of plan assets at December 31, 2001.
The projected and accumulated benefit obligations for this plan were $183.1
million and the fair value of assets was $150.7 million at December 31, 2001.
Three of the Company's qualified plans had an accumulated benefit obligation in
excess of plan assets at December 31, 2000. The projected and accumulated
benefit obligations for these plans were $172.3 million and the fair value of
assets was $161.5 million at December 31, 2000. The Company's other
postretirement benefit plans are not funded.

     The Company recorded an additional minimum pension liability adjustment of
$17.2 million and $52.7 million in 2001 and 2000, respectively, in accordance
with SFAS No. 87, "Employers' Accounting for Pensions." In recognizing an
additional minimum pension liability, SFAS No. 87 requires an intangible asset
equal to the unrecognized prior service cost to be recognized, with the excess
reported in accumulated other comprehensive income, net of tax.

     Prior service costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over the average
remaining service period of active participants. Accumulated gains and losses in
excess of 10 percent of the greater of the benefit obligation or the
market-related value of assets are amortized over the remaining service period
of active plan participants. Benefit obligations were determined using assumed
discount rates of 7.25 percent in 2001 and 7.5 percent in 2000 and an assumed
compensation increase of 5.5 percent in 2001 and 2000. The assumed long-term
rate of return on plan assets was 9.5 percent in 2001 and 2000.

     The health care cost trend rate for 2002 for pre-65 benefits was assumed to
be 10.0 percent, gradually declining to 5.0 percent in 2006 and remaining at
that level thereafter. The trend rate for post-65 benefits was assumed to be
12.0 percent, gradually declining to 5.0 percent in 2008 and remaining at that
level thereafter. The health care cost trend rate assumption has a significant
effect on the amounts reported. A one percent increase in the assumed health
care trend rate would increase the combined service and interest cost components
of net postretirement health care benefit cost by $1.1 million in 2001 and
increase the health care component of the accumulated postretirement benefit
obligation by $8.2 million at December 31, 2001. A one percent decrease in the
assumed health care trend rate would decrease the service and interest cost
components of net postretirement health care benefit cost by $0.9 million in
2001 and the health care component of the accumulated postretirement benefit
obligation by $7.1 million at December 31, 2001. The Company monitors the cost
of health care and life insurance benefit plans and reserves the right to make
additional changes or terminate these benefits in the future.

     The Company also has defined contribution retirement plans covering most of
its employees. The Company's contributions to these plans are based on various
percentages of compensation, and in some instances are based on the amount of
the employees' contributions to the plans. The expense related to these plans
was $19.4 million, $22.6 million and $19.1 million in 2001, 2000 and 1999,
respectively.

14.  INCOME TAXES

     The sources of earnings before income taxes are as follows:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                               2001     2000     1999
                                                              ------   ------   ------
                                                                   (IN MILLIONS)
<S>                                                           <C>      <C>      <C>
United States...............................................  $120.8   $316.1   $209.6
Foreign.....................................................    11.4      7.2      9.7
                                                              ------   ------   ------
     Earnings before income taxes...........................  $132.2   $323.3   $219.3
                                                              ======   ======   ======
</Table>

                                        57
<PAGE>
                             BRUNSWICK CORPORATION
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

     The income tax provision for continuing operations consisted of the
following:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                               2001     2000     1999
                                                              ------   ------   ------
                                                                   (IN MILLIONS)
<S>                                                           <C>      <C>      <C>
CURRENT TAX EXPENSE:
  U.S. Federal..............................................  $(14.1)  $109.4   $118.4
  State and local...........................................    10.1     21.1     16.6
  Foreign...................................................     3.2      8.6      6.8
                                                              ------   ------   ------
       Total current........................................    (0.8)   139.1    141.8
                                                              ------   ------   ------
DEFERRED TAX EXPENSE:
  U.S. Federal..............................................    48.4     (6.9)   (55.9)
  State and local...........................................    (3.9)    (6.7)   (10.3)
  Foreign...................................................     3.8     (4.4)     0.6
                                                              ------   ------   ------
       Total deferred.......................................    48.3    (18.0)   (65.6)
                                                              ------   ------   ------
       Total provision......................................  $ 47.5   $121.1   $ 76.2
                                                              ======   ======   ======
</Table>

     Temporary differences and carryforwards that give rise to deferred tax
assets and liabilities at December 31 were as follows:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                               2001     2000
                                                              ------   ------
                                                               (IN MILLIONS)
<S>                                                           <C>      <C>
DEFERRED TAX ASSETS:
  Product warranties........................................  $ 63.0   $ 60.1
  Dealer allowances and discounts...........................    35.7     48.6
  Insurance reserves........................................    22.6     26.2
  Discontinued operations...................................    32.4     95.0
  Litigation and environmental reserves.....................    28.9     29.7
  Loss carryforwards........................................    29.1     21.1
  Other.....................................................    96.1     87.4
  Valuation allowance.......................................    (0.3)    (0.3)
                                                              ------   ------
       Total deferred tax assets............................  $307.5   $367.8
                                                              ======   ======
DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES (ASSETS):
  Depreciation and amortization.............................  $ 84.6   $108.7
  Postretirement and postemployment benefits................   (22.5)   (24.4)
  Other assets and investments..............................    87.2     92.8
  Other.....................................................    35.9     38.3
                                                              ------   ------
       Total deferred tax liabilities.......................  $185.2   $215.4
                                                              ======   ======
</Table>

     No other valuation allowances were deemed necessary, as all deductible
temporary differences will be utilized primarily by carry back to prior years'
taxable income or as charges against reversals of future taxable temporary
differences. Based upon prior earnings history, it is expected that future
taxable income will be more than sufficient to utilize the remaining deductible
temporary differences. Deferred taxes have been provided, as required, on the
undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries and unconsolidated affiliates.

                                        58
<PAGE>
                             BRUNSWICK CORPORATION
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

     The difference between the actual income tax provision and the tax
provision computed by applying the statutory Federal income tax rate to earnings
before taxes is attributable to the following:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                              2001     2000    1999
                                                              -----   ------   -----
                                                                  (IN MILLIONS)
<S>                                                           <C>     <C>      <C>
Income tax provision at 35%.................................  $46.3   $113.1   $76.8
State and local income taxes, net of Federal income tax
  effect....................................................    4.0      9.4     4.1
Foreign sales corporation benefit...........................   (4.0)    (4.9)   (4.2)
Taxes related to foreign income, net of credits.............    1.4      2.6     2.8
Goodwill and other amortization.............................    2.0      1.6     1.2
Other.......................................................   (2.2)    (0.7)   (4.5)
                                                              -----   ------   -----
     Actual income tax provision............................  $47.5   $121.1   $76.2
                                                              =====   ======   =====
Effective tax rate..........................................   36.0%    37.5%   34.7%
</Table>

     On October 27, 1999, the United States Tax Court upheld an Internal Revenue
Service (IRS) determination that resulted in the disallowance of capital losses
and other expenses from two partnership investments for 1990 and 1991. The
Company appealed the Tax Court ruling to the United States Court of Appeals for
the District of Columbia and posted a $79.8 million surety bond to secure
payment of tax deficiencies plus accrued interest related to the appeal. On
December 21, 2001, the Court of Appeals rendered a decision vacating the Tax
Court's opinion and remanded the case to the Tax Court for reconsideration in
light of an earlier Court of Appeals decision. If, on remand to the Tax Court,
the Company does not prevail, the net amount of taxes due, plus interest, net of
tax, would be approximately $135 million. The Company has settled all other
issues with the IRS on open tax years 1989 through 1994 and anticipates
favorable adjustments that would decrease the total net amount to approximately
$53 million, which would likely be payable in 2003. The Company does not
anticipate any material adverse effects on its consolidated financial position
or results of operations in the event of an unfavorable resolution of this
matter.

15.  LEASES

     The Company has various lease agreements for offices, branches, factories,
distribution and service facilities, certain Company-operated bowling centers
and certain personal property. The longest of these obligations extends through
2032. Most leases contain renewal options and some contain purchase options.
Many leases for Company-operated bowling centers contain escalation clauses, and
many provide for contingent rentals based on percentages of gross revenue. No
leases contain restrictions on the Company's activities concerning dividends,
additional debt or further leasing. Rent expense consisted of the following:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                              2001    2000    1999
                                                              -----   -----   -----
                                                                  (IN MILLIONS)
<S>                                                           <C>     <C>     <C>
Basic expense...............................................  $40.3   $37.5   $34.0
Contingent expense..........................................    1.0     0.3     0.4
Sublease income.............................................   (1.4)   (2.1)   (2.3)
                                                              -----   -----   -----
Rent expense, net...........................................  $39.9   $35.7   $32.1
                                                              =====   =====   =====
</Table>

                                        59
<PAGE>
                             BRUNSWICK CORPORATION
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

     Future minimum rental payments at December 31, 2001, under agreements
classified as operating leases with non-cancelable terms in excess of one year,
were as follows:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                               (IN MILLIONS)
                                                               -------------
<S>                                                            <C>
2002........................................................      $ 30.3
2003........................................................        25.9
2004........................................................        21.8
2005........................................................        17.9
2006........................................................        15.2
Thereafter..................................................        39.0
                                                                  ------
     Total (not reduced by minimum sublease rentals of $2.4
      million)..............................................      $150.1
                                                                  ======
</Table>

16.  PREFERRED SHARE PURCHASE RIGHTS

     In February 1996, the Board of Directors declared a dividend of one
Preferred Share Purchase Right (Right) on each outstanding share of the
Company's common stock. Under certain conditions, each holder of Rights may
purchase one one-thousandth of a share of a new series of junior participating
preferred stock at an exercise price of $85 for each Right held. The Rights
expire on April 1, 2006.

     The Rights become exercisable at the earlier of (1) a public announcement
that a person or group acquired or obtained the right to acquire 15 percent or
more of the Company's common stock or (2) 15 days (or such later time as
determined by the Board of Directors) after commencement or public announcement
of an offer for more than 15 percent of the Company's common stock. After a
person or group acquires 15 percent or more of the common stock of the Company,
other shareholders may purchase additional shares of the Company at 50 percent
of the current market price. These Rights may cause substantial ownership
dilution to a person or group who attempts to acquire the Company without
approval of the Company's Board of Directors.

     The Rights, which do not have any voting rights, may be redeemed by the
Company at a price of $.01 per Right at any time prior to a person's or group's
acquisition of 15 percent or more of the Company's common stock. A Right also
will be issued with each share of the Company's common stock that becomes
outstanding prior to the time the Rights become exercisable or expire.

     In the event that the Company is acquired in a merger or other business
combination transaction, provision will be made so that each holder of Rights
will be entitled to buy the number of shares of common stock of the surviving
Company that at the time of such transaction would have a market value of two
times the exercise price of the Rights.

                                        60
<PAGE>
                             BRUNSWICK CORPORATION
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

17.  INVESTMENTS

     The Company has certain unconsolidated foreign and domestic affiliates that
are accounted for using the equity method. Summary financial information of the
unconsolidated equity method affiliates for the year ended December 31 is
presented below:

<Table>
<Caption>
                                                               2001     2000      1999
                                                              ------   -------   -------
                                                                    (IN MILLIONS)
<S>                                                           <C>      <C>       <C>
Net sales...................................................  $231.7   $ 266.8   $ 409.0
Gross margin................................................  $ 40.0   $  45.3   $  67.1
Net earnings (loss).........................................  $  0.2   $  (5.9)  $  10.8
Company's share of net earnings (loss)......................  $ (4.0)  $  (3.6)  $   4.8

Current assets..............................................  $ 59.1   $  99.4   $ 108.6
Noncurrent assets...........................................    88.7     121.0     115.8
                                                              ------   -------   -------
Total assets................................................   147.8     220.4     224.4
Current liabilities.........................................   (83.4)   (120.9)   (139.1)
Noncurrent liabilities......................................   (22.0)    (45.8)     (7.7)
                                                              ------   -------   -------
Net assets..................................................  $ 42.4   $  53.7   $  77.6
                                                              ======   =======   =======
</Table>

     The Company's sales to and purchases from the above investments, along with
the corresponding receivables and payables, were not material to the Company's
overall results of operations for the three years ended December 31, 2001, and
its financial position as of December 31, 2001 and 2000. In 2001, the Company
recorded impairment charges and purchase accounting adjustments of $4.2 million
on certain investments, which were not recorded in the affiliates net earnings.

     The Company had Available-for-Sale equity investments with a fair market
value of $19.8 million and $10.9 million at December 31, 2001 and 2000,
respectively. The unrealized loss, recorded net of deferred taxes, has been
included as a separate component of shareholders' equity and was $2.1 million at
December 31, 2001 and $6.1 million at December 31, 2000.

     In 2000, the Company made $38.1 million of investments in Internet-related
businesses and fitness equipment distribution alliances. Investments of $13.6
million in 1999 principally related to fitness equipment distribution alliances.
Also in 2000, the Company recorded a charge of $14.1 million to write-down
investments in certain Internet-related businesses.

     In October 1999, the Company sold its minority position in a boat company
partnership to the majority partner for cash of $26.1 million and other
consideration. This transaction did not have a material effect on the Company's
1999 results. Income recorded related to this partnership in 1999 totaled $3.4
million.

                                        61
<PAGE>
                             BRUNSWICK CORPORATION
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

18.  TREASURY AND PREFERRED STOCK

     Treasury stock activity for the past three years was as follows:

                                          2001     2000     1999
                                         ------   ------   ------
                                          (SHARES IN THOUSANDS)
Balance at January 1...................  15,194   10,727   10,669
Compensation plans and other...........    (455)    (257)    (709)
Stock repurchases......................      --    4,724      767
                                         ------   ------   ------
Balance at December 31.................  14,739   15,194   10,727
                                         ======   ======   ======

     At December 31, 2001, 2000 and 1999, the Company had no preferred stock
outstanding (authorized: 12.5 million shares, $0.75 par value at December 31,
2001, 2000 and 1999).

19.  QUARTERLY DATA (UNAUDITED)

                                                   QUARTER
                                       ------------------------------
                                        1ST      2ND     3RD    4TH      YEAR
                                       ------  ------  ------  ------  --------
                                         (IN MILLIONS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)
2001
Net sales............................. $913.2  $928.8  $811.0  $717.8  $3,370.8
                                       ------  ------  ------  ------  --------
Gross margin.......................... $225.8  $228.0  $178.7  $150.9  $  783.4
                                       ------  ------  ------  ------  --------
Earnings from continuing operations... $ 39.5  $ 41.5  $  6.3  $ (2.6) $   84.7
Cumulative effect of change in
  accounting principle................   (2.9)     --      --      --      (2.9)
                                       ------  ------  ------  ------  --------
Net earnings (loss)................... $ 36.6  $ 41.5  $  6.3  $ (2.6) $   81.8
                                       ------  ------  ------  ------  --------
BASIC EARNINGS (LOSS)
 PER COMMON SHARE:
Earnings from continuing operations... $ 0.45  $ 0.47  $ 0.07  $(0.03) $   0.96
Cumulative effect of change in
  accounting principle................  (0.03)     --      --      --     (0.03)
                                       ------  ------  ------  ------  --------
Net earnings (loss)................... $ 0.42  $ 0.47  $ 0.07  $(0.03) $   0.93
                                       ------  ------  ------  ------  --------
DILUTED EARNINGS (LOSS)
 PER COMMON SHARE:
Earnings from continuing operations... $ 0.45  $ 0.47  $ 0.07  $(0.03) $   0.96
Cumulative effect of change in
  accounting principle................  (0.03)     --      --      --     (0.03)
                                       ------  ------  ------  ------  --------
Net earnings (loss)................... $ 0.42  $ 0.47  $ 0.07  $(0.03) $   0.93
                                       ------  ------  ------  ------  --------
Dividends declared.................... $0.125  $0.125  $0.125  $0.125  $   0.50
COMMON STOCK PRICE
 (NYSE SYMBOL: BC):
  High................................ $23.00  $25.01  $24.60  $22.25  $  25.01
  Low................................. $14.81  $18.76  $14.03  $16.70  $  14.03

                                        62
<PAGE>
                             BRUNSWICK CORPORATION
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS -- (CONTINUED)

                                                      QUARTER
                                        ------------------------------------
                                          1ST    2ND      3RD    4TH    YEAR
                                        ------ -------- ------- ------ --------
                                         (IN MILLIONS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)
2000
Net sales.............................. $955.4 $1,040.8 $ 939.1 $876.6 $3,811.9
                                        ------ -------- ------- ------ --------
Gross margin........................... $273.7 $  313.7 $ 270.6 $230.6 $1,088.6
                                        ------ -------- ------- ------ --------
Earnings from continuing operations(1)  $ 60.7 $   81.5 $  17.7 $ 42.3 $  202.2
Loss from discontinued operations......   (2.0)   (61.0)   (5.4)    --    (68.4)
Loss from disposal of discontinued
  operations...........................     --   (125.0) (104.6)    --   (229.6)
                                        ------ -------- ------- ------ --------
Net earnings (loss) (1)................ $ 58.7 $ (104.5)$ (92.3)$ 42.3 $  (95.8)
                                        ------ -------- ------- ------ --------
BASIC EARNINGS (LOSS) PER COMMON SHARE:
Earnings from continuing operations(1)   $ 0.66 $   0.93 $  0.20 $ 0.48 $   2.28
Loss from discontinued operations.....   (0.02)   (0.69)  (0.06)    --    (0.77)
Loss from disposal of discontinued
  operations..........................      --    (1.42)  (1.19)    --    (2.59)
                                         ------ -------- ------- ------ --------
Net earnings (loss) (1)...............  $ 0.64 $  (1.19)$ (1.05)$ 0.48 $  (1.08)
                                        ------ -------- ------- ------ --------
DILUTED EARNINGS (LOSS) PER COMMON SHARE:
Earnings from continuing operations(1)  $ 0.66 $   0.93 $  0.20 $ 0.48 $   2.28
Loss from discontinued operations.....   (0.02)   (0.69)  (0.06)    --    (0.77)
Loss from disposal of discontinued
  operations..........................      --    (1.42)  (1.19)    --    (2.59)
                                         ------ -------- ------- ------ --------
Net earnings (loss) (1)...............  $ 0.64 $  (1.19)$ (1.05)$ 0.48 $  (1.08)
                                        ------ -------- ------- ------ --------
Dividends declared....................  $0.125 $  0.125 $ 0.125 $0.125 $   0.50
COMMON STOCK PRICE (NYSE SYMBOL: BC):
  High................................  $22.13 $  20.00 $ 21.06 $19.81 $  22.13
  Low.................................  $14.75 $  16.31 $ 16.44 $15.50 $  14.75


(1) Includes a charge of $55.1 million pre-tax ($40.0 million after tax) in the
    third quarter to increase environmental reserves related to the cleanup of
    contamination from a former manufacturing facility and to account for the
    write-down of investments in certain Internet-related businesses.

                                       63
<PAGE>

                   CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS

     As independent public accountants, we hereby consent to the incorporation
of our report dated January 28, 2002 included in this Form 10-K, into the
Company's previously filed registration statements on Form S-3 (File No.
333-71344), Form S-8 (File No. 33-55022), Form S-3 (File No. 33-61512), Form S-8
(File No. 33-56193), Form S-8 (File No. 33-61835), Form S-8 (File No. 33-65217),
Form S-8 (File No. 333-04289), Form S-3 (File No. 333-9997), Form S-8 (File No.
333-27157), Form S-8 (File No. 333-77431), and Form S-8 (File No. 333-77457).

                                          /s/ Arthur Andersen LLP

Chicago, Illinois
March 8, 2002

                                        64
<PAGE>

                             BRUNSWICK CORPORATION
                 SCHEDULE II--VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS
                                 (IN MILLIONS)

<Table>
<Caption>
ALLOWANCES FOR   BALANCE AT  CHARGES TO
POSSIBLE LOSSES  BEGINNING     PROFIT                                     BALANCE AT
ON RECEIVABLES   OF PERIOD    AND LOSS   WRITE-OFFS  RECOVERIES  OTHER  END OF PERIOD
---------------  ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------  -----  -------------
<S>              <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>    <C>
2001............   $21.2        $13.7      $(13.1)      $0.5     $ 3.8      $26.1
                   =====        =====      ======       ====     =====      =====
2000............   $18.4        $11.4      $ (8.9)      $1.0     $(0.7)     $21.2
                   =====        =====      ======       ====     =====      =====
1999............   $16.8        $ 8.7      $ (6.8)      $ --     $(0.3)     $18.4
                   =====        =====      ======       ====     =====      =====
</Table>

     This schedule reflects only the financial information of continuing
operations.

<Table>
<Caption>
DEFERRED TAX     BALANCE AT  CHARGES TO
ASSET VALUATION  BEGINNING     PROFIT                                    BALANCE AT
ALLOWANCE        OF PERIOD    AND LOSS   WRITE-OFFS  RECOVERIES  OTHER  END OF PERIOD
---------------  ----------  ----------  ----------  ----------  -----  -------------
<S>              <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>    <C>
2001...........    $ 0.3        $  --      $   --       $ --     $  --      $0.3
                   =====        =====      ======       ====     =====      ====
2000...........    $ 0.3        $  --      $   --       $ --     $  --      $0.3
                   =====        =====      ======       ====     =====      ====
1999...........    $ 0.3        $  --      $   --       $ --     $  --      $0.3
                   =====        =====      ======       ====     =====      ====
</Table>

     This schedule reflects only the financial information of continuing
operations.

                                        65
<PAGE>

                                 EXHIBIT INDEX

<Table>
<Caption>
EXHIBIT NO.                           DESCRIPTION
-----------                           -----------
<C>           <S>
   3.1        Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company filed
              as Exhibit 19.2 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form
              10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 1987, and hereby
              incorporated by reference.

   3.2        Certificate of Designation, Preferences and Rights of Series
              A Junior Participating Preferred Stock filed as Exhibit 3.2
              to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for 1995, and
              hereby incorporated by reference.

   3.3        By-Laws of the Company.

   4.1        Indenture dated as of March 15, 1987, between the Company
              and Continental Illinois National Bank and Trust Company of
              Chicago filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Quarterly
              Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 1987,
              and hereby incorporated by reference.

   4.2        Officers' Certificate setting forth terms of the Company's
              $125,000,000 principal amount of 7 3/8% Debentures due
              September 1, 2023, filed as Exhibit 4.3 to the Company's
              Annual Report on Form 10-K for 1993, and hereby incorporated
              by reference.

   4.3        Form of the Company's $250,000,000 principal amount of
              6 3/4% Notes due December 15, 2006, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to
              the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 10,
              1996, and hereby incorporated by reference.

   4.4        Form of the Company's $200,000,000 principal amount of
              7 1/8% Notes due August 1, 2027, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the
              Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 4, 1997,
              and hereby incorporated by reference.

   4.5        The Company's agreement to furnish additional debt
              instruments upon request by the Securities and Exchange
              Commission filed as Exhibit 4.10 to the Company's Annual
              Report on Form 10-K for 1980, and hereby incorporated by
              reference.

   4.6        Rights Agreement dated as of February 5, 1996, between the
              Company and Harris Trust and Savings Bank filed as Exhibit 1
              to the Company's Registration Statement for Preferred Share
              Purchase Rights on Form 8-A dated March 13, 1996, and hereby
              incorporated by reference.

   4.7        Credit Agreement dated as of May 22, 1997 setting forth the
              terms of the Company's $400,000,000 Revolving Credit and
              Competitive Advance Facility with Chase Manhattan Bank,
              administrative agent, and other lenders identified in the
              Credit Agreement.

  10.1*       Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated January 4,
              1999, by and between the Company and Peter N. Larson filed
              as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K
              for 1998, and hereby incorporated by reference.

  10.2*       Employment Agreement dated December 1, 1995, by and between
              the Company and Peter B. Hamilton filed as Exhibit 10.8 to
              the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for 1995, and
              hereby incorporated by reference.

  10.3*       Amendment dated as of October 9, 1998, to Employment
              Agreement by and between the Company and Peter B. Hamilton
              filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on
              Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 1998, and
              hereby incorporated by reference.

  10.4*       Form of Change of Control Agreement by and between the
              Company and each of W.J. Barrington, K.J. Chieger, T.J.
              Chung, W.J. Gress, K.S. Grodzki, P.B. Hamilton, P.G.
              Leemputte, B.R. Lockridge, P.C. Mackey, D.E. McCoy, W.L.
              Metzger, V.J. Reich, W.E. Seeley, C.M. Sladnick, M.I. Smith,
              C.M. Trudell and J.P. Zelisko, filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the
              Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
              December 31, 2000, and hereby incorporated by reference.
</Table>

                                        66
<PAGE>

<Table>
<Caption>
EXHIBIT NO.                           DESCRIPTION
-----------                           -----------
<C>           <S>
  10.5*       Form of Change of Control Agreement by and between the
              Company and G.W. Buckley filed as Exhibit 10.6 to the
              Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
              December 31, 2000, and hereby incorporated by reference.

  10.6*       1994 Stock Option Plan for Non-Employee Directors filed as
              Exhibit A to the Company's definitive Proxy Statement dated
              March 25, 1994, for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders on
              April 27, 1994, and hereby incorporated by reference.

  10.7*       1995 Stock Plan for Non-Employee Directors filed as Exhibit
              10.4 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
              quarter ended September 30, 1998, and hereby incorporated by
              reference.

  10.8*       Supplemental Pension Plan filed as Exhibit 10.7 to the
              Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter
              ended September 30, 1998, and hereby incorporated by
              reference.

  10.9*       Form of insurance policy issued for the life of each of the
              Company's executive officers, together with the
              specifications for each of these policies, filed as Exhibit
              10.21 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for 1980,
              and hereby incorporated by reference. The Company pays the
              premiums for these policies and will recover these premiums,
              with some exceptions, from the policy proceeds.

  10.10*      Form of Indemnification Agreement by and between the Company
              and each of N.D. Archibald, D.J. Bern, J.L. Bleustein, M.J.
              Callahan, M.A. Fernandez, P. Harf, J.W. Lorsch, B. Martin
              Musham, G.H. Phillips, R.L. Ryan and R.W. Schipke filed as
              Exhibit 19.2 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
              for the quarter ended September 30, 1986, and hereby
              incorporated by reference.

  10.11*      Form of Indemnification Agreement by and between the Company
              and each of G.W. Buckley, W.J. Barrington, K.J. Chieger,
              T.J. Chung, W.J. Gress, K.S. Grodzki, P.B. Hamilton, P.G.
              Leemputte, B.R. Lockridge, P.C. Mackey, D.E. McCoy, W.L.
              Metzger, V.J. Reich, W.E. Seeley, C.M. Sladnick, M.I. Smith,
              C.M. Trudell and J.P. Zelisko, filed as Exhibit 19.4 to the
              Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter
              ended September 30, 1986, and hereby incorporated by
              reference.

  10.12*      1991 Stock Plan filed as Exhibit 10 to the Company's
              Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30,
              1999, and hereby incorporated by reference.

  10.13*      Change in Control Severance Plan filed as Exhibit 10.6 to
              the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter
              ended September 30, 1998, and hereby incorporated by
              reference.

  10.14*      Brunswick Performance Plan for 2000 filed as Exhibit 10.17
              to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for 1999, and
              hereby incorporated by reference.

  10.15*      Brunswick Performance Plan for 2001 filed as Exhibit 10.18
              to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for 1999, and
              hereby incorporated by reference.

  10.16*      Brunswick Performance Plan for 2002.

  10.17*      Brunswick Strategic Incentive Plan for 1999-2000 filed as
              Exhibit 10.19 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K
              for 1998, and hereby incorporated by reference.

  10.18*      Brunswick Strategic Incentive Plan for 2000-2001 filed as
              Exhibit 10.21 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K
              for 1999, and hereby incorporated by reference.

  10.19*      Brunswick Strategic Incentive Plan for 2001-2002.

  10.20*      1997 Stock Plan for Non-Employee Directors filed as Exhibit
              10.3 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
              quarter ended September 30, 1998, and hereby incorporated by
              reference.
</Table>

                                        67
<PAGE>

<Table>
<Caption>
EXHIBIT NO.                           DESCRIPTION
-----------                           -----------
<C>           <S>
  10.21*      Elective Deferred Compensation Plan filed as Exhibit 10.8 to
              the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter
              ended September 30, 1998, and hereby incorporated by
              reference.

  10.22*      Automatic Deferred Compensation Plan filed as Exhibit 10.9
              to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
              quarter ended September 30, 1998, and hereby incorporated by
              reference.

  10.23*      Promissory Note dated March 2, 2001, by and between George
              W. Buckley and the Company filed as Exhibit 10.26 to the
              Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for 2000, and hereby
              incorporated by reference.

  21.1        Subsidiaries of the Company.

  23.1        Consent of Independent Public Accountants is on page 64 of
              this Report.

  24.1        Powers of Attorney.

  27.1        Financial Data Schedule.
</Table>

* Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed
  as an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K pursuant to Item 14(c) of
  this Report.

                                        68

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
